with rainfall recorded at 23.
7mm, thursday was the wettest republic day in delhi in the last six years.
the city experienced almost non-stop rain during the course of the day.
the only other time in the six year period that it had rained on republic day was in 2015.
this year it was almost 20 times more than 2015, when rainfall was recorded at 1.
4mm.
despite the rain, the temperature in the capital never went over 18.
1c and the minimum temperature was recorded at 16c.
the maximum temperature was 4 degrees below normal, while the minimum was 7 degrees above normal.
it felt colder in the city, because of the winds that kept blowing at speeds around 5-10 kmph, according to officials at the regional weather forecasting centre (rwfc).
it is expected to get drier and cooler on friday, with the rwfc expecting the maximum and minimum temperatures to be 17c and 14c respectively, and winds to be blowing at similar speeds.
read: pink revolution, for women: twitter reacts to pm modis turban on republic daythe met department has not predicted any rain on friday, but the day will remain partly cloudy.
if somebody switches on the fan in a room, we feel colder, even though the temperature does not change.
something similar happens when wind starts blowing in the winter.
and just like the fan, the stronger the wind, the colder we feel, explained a weather expert.
however, neither the cold, nor the rain dampened the spirits of those at the republic day parade, as thousands braved cold winds, and the drizzle to attend the parade.
at homerains played spoilsport for president pranab mukherjees last at home programme of his tenure as heavy downpour forced change of the venue from majestic mughal gardens in the open to the confines of durbar and ashoka halls.
with around 3,000 guests descending for the at home function hosted by the president on the 68th republic day, rashtrapati bhawan had thrown open its banquet hall and upper loggia to accommodate everyone.
the president along with the crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan and prime minister narendra modi were seated in the ashoka hall while the remaining guests were accommodated in other three places.
read: delhis republic day tableaux: a story of rejection and acceptanceamong vvips present at the occasion were vice president hamid ansari, chief justice of india j s khehar, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley and ravishankarprasad prasad, former mrime minister manmohan singh and congress president sonia gandhi.
the vice president was seen greeting 97-year-old marshal of the indian air force arjan singh, who has been attending the function on wheel chair.
after the national anthem was played, the president, whose term comes to an end this july, went around meeting the guests in all the three halls before taking his seat, the prime minister was seen chit-chatting with the crown prince of abu dhabi, who was the special guest at the republic day parade.
gandhi and mahajan were seen holding each others hands and having a word with smile on their faces.
men should be encouraged to study home science in college and hone their culinary skills, while women should be motivated to take up physical education, especially martial arts, as an effort to banish gender bias from society.
the suggestion was made on thursday by external affairs minister sushma swaraj at the group of ministers (gom) meeting to review the national policy for women.
the policy, which is being revised for the first time in 16 years, will address current and emerging challenges involving women, especially issues related to their health, education and employment.
one of the top woman politicians in the country, swaraj heads the gom.
she told the meeting that encouraging men to study home science will help break the traditional mindset about women.
in this way, men can also contribute to making womens life better.
swaraj said though men and women are working, the workload on women is far more, said a government source.
for someone who had juggled politics, high office and family duties with finesse, her suggestion gave perspective to a growing call to shut out the age-old stereotypical role women are restricted to.
the gom has 11 members, including commerce minister nirmala sitharaman, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad, urban development minister venkaiah naidu, wcd minister maneka gandhi among others.
naidu, also present in the second meeting of the gom, rooted for reservation for women in educational institutions.
this will help women get better opportunities, naidu said.
he also recommended that women starting business should be given more loans, a source said.
another interesting suggestion came from prasad who said women under-trials, accused of non-heinous crimes, and if convicted, should be released once they have served one third of their time.
commerce minister nirmala sitharaman wanted women under-trials to be put up in special homes.
the wcd ministry, which is anchoring the policy, will go through the suggestions made by the gom before deciding what all to incorporate.
the ministry is also crowdsourcing innovative ideas from citizens to make the policy more contemporary.
for the first time, the draft policy has also addressed issues related to single women and widows.
the supreme court said on tuesday that triple talaq -- the muslim practice that allows men to instantly divorce their wives -- is unconstitutional, striking it down.
the bench comprised of five judges of different faiths deliberated for three months before issuing its order.
the order comes in response to petitions from seven muslim women who had been divorced through triple talaq.
more than 20 muslim countries, including neighbouring pakistan and bangladesh, have banned the practice.
here are the highlights of the day:7:47pm: amnesty international india welcomed the supreme court verdict striking down the practice of instant triple talaq.
7:45pm: with the supreme court banning instant triple talaq, activists urged the apex court to also take steps to decriminalise homosexuality and penalise marital rape, reported news agency pti.
7:30pm: veteran actor shabana azmi welcomed the supreme courts verdict banning the practice of instant divorce among muslims.
i welcome the supreme court judgement on instant triple talaq.
its a victory 4 brave muslim women who hve waged battle against it for years  azmi shabana (@azmishabana) august 22, 20177:25pm: senior advocate mukul rohatgi, who had advanced centres stand against the practice of triple talaq as the attorney general, welcomed the supreme court ruling, saying it is a step towards achieving the ultimate goal of a uniform civil code.
dubbing it as a path-breaking judgement, rohatgi said the stand of the government was completely vindicated and the judgment has restored the dignity of the muslim women who can now march to progress like other citizens of the country.
6:40pm: shahi imam of delhis jama masjid syed ahmed bukhari said the issue of triple talaq would not have reached the supreme court had the all india muslim personal law board not failed to address the problems of women wronged by the divorce practice.
6:20pm: the triple talaq issue is not related to religion but social reform, union minister of state for minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said, adding that the modi government would discuss with all political parties on framing a law on the matter.
he welcomed the decision of the supreme court that banned instant divorce.
6:07pm: the vhp said the government should enact a law against the practice of triple talaq and also bring a legislation to ban more than two children.
6:00pm: the supreme court ruling on instant triple talaq will usher in an era of equality among women, actor-politician paresh rawal said in mumbai.
the bjp mp welcomed the verdict, saying it was an affirmation of womens rights and would give them relief from discrimination.
5:56pm: congress vice-president rahul gandhi welcomed the apex court verdict.
welcome the supreme court decision setting aside instant #tripletalaq.
i congratulate the women who fought for justice  office of rg (@officeofrg) august 22, 20175:35pm: west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee refused to comment on the apex court verdict on triple talaq.
i will not say a word on this, banerjee said at nabanna, the state secretariat.
though banerjee and her party stayed away from the issue, west bengal library service minister siddiqulla chowdhury criticised the supreme court judgment.
i do not know what my partys stand is.
though i am a minister in this government i will still say that this talaq system is prevailing since ages.
the right (to give talaq) is conferred by quran.
no court has the right to nullify that, he said.
5:12pm: the supreme court judgment declaring instant triple talaq as unconstitutional has brought smiles on the faces of several muslim women of hyderabad.
the city witnessed some bizarre instances of triple talaq in the last few months, wherein men divorced their wives through telephonic calls, postcards and even through whatsapp.
4.
16pm: this is the first-ever verdict in favour of muslim women, says farhat, sister of union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi.
farhat, who was divorced by her husband for giving birth to a girl child, runs a non-political voluntary organisation for the welfare of the victims of triple talaq and domestic violence.
4.
04pm: the scs judgement is victory for all who believed personal laws must also be progressive and compliant with constitutional guarantees, ani quotes arun jaitley as saying.
3.
54pm: bsp welcomes the verdict.
it would have been good if the muslim personal law board acted in the matter, but they didnt, says bsp chief mayawati.
3.
45pm: this verdict is a step towards gender equality; it will empower women.
today we dont realise the kind of widespread effect this decision will have.
women will not tolerate inequality now, says former union minister arif m khan to ani.
3.
37pm: i welcome the supreme court judgement on instant triple talaq.
its a victory for brave muslim women who have waged battle against it for years, tweets actor shabana azmi.
2.
55pm: finance minister arun jaitley tweets in support of scs judgement.
the supreme court judgment in the #tripletalaq case (1/2)  arun jaitley (@arunjaitley) august 22, 2017undoes the injustice to muslim women who were victims of a unilateral termination of a matrimonial relationship.
(2/2)  arun jaitley (@arunjaitley) august 22, 20172.
40pm: kolkata cleric moulana ahmed barkati calls sc judgement an unparalleled and unique decision.
there are only pros, and no cons to this decision, because the muslims have made a mockery out of divorce and out of islam as well- getting drunk and announcing divorce is not the right way, he tells ani.
2.
26pm: i am very happy; it is a good judgement.
now discrimination due to triple talaq will end, says former ag soli sorabjee.
2.
03pm: victory of our constitutional values.
will repeat what pm has said earlier, dont link it to any religion, bjp leader and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
2.
02pm: we have to respect the judgement.
it is going to be a great herculean task to implement this on ground, says aimim leader asaduddin owaisi.
1.
45pm: judgment of the honble sc on triple talaq is historic.
it grants equality to muslim women and is a powerful measure for women empowerment, tweets prime minister narendra modi.
1.
30pm: we welcome the supreme courts verdict on triple talaq.
muslim women got justice through it, says uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
1.
20pm: i can say with satisfaction this was the last case which i did before i decided to quit, says mukul rohatgi.
1.
16pm: social activist shaista ali, who was affected by triple talaq: we are happy that supreme court supported us.
this will definitely improve the condition of muslim women who face atrocities in the name of triple talaq.
i also want that the court should also ban the provision four marriages without divorce.
1.
09pm: we hail the judgement, it protects personal laws and at the same time deprecates the practice of triple talaq, says congress leader kapil sibal.
12.
59pm: bjp president amit shah says: i welcome the historic verdict by the supreme court on the issue of triple talaq.
.
.
this is the victory of basic constitutional rights and right to equality of muslim women.
12.
53pm:     -               pic.
twitter.com/ndmczskjuw  amit shah (@amitshah) august 22, 201712.
49pm: shia personal law board has been fighting against triple talaq since 2007, welcome this verdict.
it is a great first step, says maulana yasoob abbas,shia cleric.
12.
18pm: what we hoped to happen has now happened, it is a good decision, says salman khurshid.
12.
07pm: its a good judgement and its another step towards gender justice and gender equality, says maneka gandhi,union minister.
12.
05pm: our grievances and apprehensions, whether they have been addressed by the judges or not, can be expressed after seeing judgement.
.
.
what will happen to those muslim women who even after judgement will accept talaq: z jilani, aimplb12.
04pm: welcome sc s judgement, request central government to bring in a legislation soon, says madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
12.
03pm: have respected scs judgements in past, todays judgement on triple talaq will also be considered by us: z jilani, member, aimplb.
12.
02pm: the all india muslim personal law board has convened a meeting on september 10 in bhopal to discuss the supreme court verdict on triple talaq and chalk out the future strategy on the issue, says maulana wali rehmani, aimplb general secretary.
11.
59am:shayara bano reacts soon after the sc verdict on #tripletalaq @httweets pic.
twitter.com/8c1fm6jum5  moushumi das gupta (@dgupta_moushumi) august 22, 201711.
55am:what a huge and a historic verdict!
relief for scores of muslim sisters spelling redundancy for the compromised 'mullahs'!
the path is clear  shazia ilmi (@shaziailmi) august 22, 201711.
39am: shayara bano, who was the first woman to challenge instant triple talaq in a court, says the sc judgment should be accepted.
i welcome the verdict and support it.
this is a historic day for muslim women, she says.
11.
37am: justice nariman said triple talaq is a part of 1934 act, should always be tested on constitutionality: s mehmood, lawyer.
11.
36am: justice kurien said triple talaq is not an essential part of islam and enjoys no protection of article 25, set it aside:saif mehmood, lawyer.
11.
32am: naseem akhtar, jaipur convener of bharatiya muslim mahila andolan, says: its a good and balanced decision.
now we hope and expect the government to make a law against triple talaq the soonest.
11.
31am: aafreen rehman, affected by triple talaq, from jaipur says: i am happy with the courts decision.
its a beginning towards the abolition of triple talaq in the country.
a law against triple talaq is what we wanted and the court has directed the government to do the same.
and the court has in a way banned it until the law is made.
the cruelty that was happening against women in the name of triple talaq, wherein they were thrown out of the house like a pair of shoes, will now end.
11.
27am: president of all india muslim women personal law board shaista amber has welcomed the supreme court judgment on triple talaq holding the islamic practice as unconstitutional.
11.
24am: cji says matters of personal law cannot be touched by a constitutional court law or constitutionality cannot be tested: saif mehmood, lawyer.
11.
04am: talaq-e-biddat (instant divorce) is manifestly arbitrary which allows a muslim man to break down marriage whimsically, majority view of the bench said to a packed courtroom.
it cannot be considered as integral part of personal law and cannot have constitutional protection.
it is against quran and violates the shariat, it said.
11.
02am: the sc strikes down instant triple talaq (talak-e-biddat) by 3-2 verdict, saying it violates article 14 of the constitution.
majority view of the bench is that the practice is arbitrary and against the tenets of islam.
minority view by cji js khehar and abdul nazeer wants triple talaq put on hold for six months and for the government to bring a new law by then.
10.
53am: cji js khehar says talaq-e-biddat is an integral part of sunni community practised for 1,000 years.
10.
51am: minority view of asked the government to bring a legislation within six months.
cji khehar says all parties must decide keeping politics aside.
10.
48am: cji js khehar says talaq-e-biddat is not in violation of articles 14,15, 21 and 25 of the constitution.
10.
46am: triple talaq will not be in operation for six months, says minority view of sc bench.
10.
34am: judges assemble to pronounce verdict10.
29am: it is a big day, let us see what the judgement says: former attorney general mukul rohatgi.
prime minister narendra modi will lay down the modi doctrine on indian foreign policy as he inaugurates the second raisina hill dialogues on january 17 with uk foreign minister boris johnson, nepalese foreign minister prakash sharan mahat, and a host of politicians and military leaders brainstorming in the capital.
the raisina hill dialogues will have participation of over 250 people from 65 nations and will end on january 19.
top government sources told hindustan times that pm modi apparently sent his confirmation to speak at the dialogue on wednesday, with his speech expected to focus on economic integration of the neighbourhood as well as increasing the pan-asian transport connectivity as part of the act asia policy.
the dialogue will be attended by sri lankan military leader-turned-politician sarath fonseka, us pacific commander admiral harry b harris, former afghanistan president hamid karzai, former prime minister of canada stephen harper, and former australian prime minister kevin rudd.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and power minister piyush goyal will also address the gathering along with a host of diplomatic advisers and counter-terror experts.
styled on the shangri la dialogue held annually in singapore, the theme of the raisina hill dialogues this time is new normal: multilateralism and multipolarity.
the dialogue will begin with foreign secretary s jaishankar making a presentation on indian foreign policy and an assessment of the future global trends.
india is also planning to start an india-us leadership forum from next summer where diplomatic and military leaders from both sides can discuss issues of mutual importance.
while the work on pm modis speech has just begun, the indian leader will focus on the threat of global terror particularly emanating for the neighbourhood and the islamic state, growing radicalisation as well as reiterate the freedom of navigation on high seas in both asia and pacific.
the congress-samajwadi party alliances apparent arithmetical advantage is giving jitters to the bjp in varanasi, prime minister narendra modis parliamentary constituency that has virtually turned into the countrys second capital for union ministers.
go to any nukkad sabha, or street-corner meeting, in this ancient temple town by the ganga, you are very likely to spot a union minister exhorting people to vote for modi on march 8 when varanasi goes to the polls in the final round of the uttar pradesh elections.
modijis prestige is at stake.
the bjp might get a majority in the entire state but if it doesnt win in his constituency, it will be treated as modis loss because up is voting for modi, not for the bjp, said dr kaushal kishore mishra, the head of political science at banaras hindu university.
bjp chief amit shah camped at amethi house to draw the war strategy, while union ministers were sweating it out in and around the city last week  jp nadda, ravishankarprasad prasad, manoj sinha, smriti irani, narendra singh tomar, kalraj mishra, ananth kumar and mahendra nath pandey.
power minister piyush goyal flew from new delhi to mumbai early in the morning last tuesday to cast his vote in the civic polls there and took a detour to varanasi for a late-night meeting with shah, before returning to the capital for a cabinet meeting the next day.
the throng of ministers underscores the bjps desperation to do well and prove a point in the five assembly segments, and three more in varanasi district, within modis lok sabha constituency.
the opposition is formidable and combined with a nonchalant party cadre and loyal voters upset with the leaderships choice of candidates, the bjp has almost hit the panic button.
of the five constituencies in varanasi, the samajwadi party (sp) won two  sevapuri and rohaniya  in the previous polls.
the states ruling party took rohaniya in the 2014 bypolls, held after the resignation of anupriya patel who was elected to the lok sabha.
the bjp holds the other three assembly segments  varanasi north, south and cantonment.
but the combined vote-share of the congress and sp in each of these constituencies in the 2012 elections was more than the bjps.
in 2012, the sp and congress candidates together secured over 58,000 votes in varanasi south, about a thousand more that what seven-term bjp legislator shyamdev roy chaudhury, the winner.
chaudhury, a popular mla known to ride a scooter in a vest when his help is sought in an emergency, was denied a poll ticket this time.
he has been persuaded to campaign for the official party candidate, but the message is not lost to anyone in the constituency.
read more: in final lap of up polls, bjp surges ahead; sp-congress alliance fights backin varanasi cant, the sp and congress candidates together got 25,000 more votes than the bjp candidate in 2012.
bjps jyotsana srivastava secured about 58,000 votes to become the mla.
the bjp nominated her son for the 2017 elections, triggering a howl of protest from party leaders waiting their turn.
mishra, the political science teacher actively associated with the party, explained the palpable panic in the bjp camp: ground-level workers are still not getting out and people are also silent.
but he was confident that modis rally and road show on march 3 will change the political scenario.
the bjp was planning the road show from lanka to town hall  a 7km stretch  but it has changed the route now.
read more: donkey, kasab, kabootar jibes mark the end of phase 5 campaigningsubject to clearance by the special protection group (spg) that protects the prime minister, the rescheduled show will be from madan mohan malviyas statue outside the bhu campus and end at kashi vishwanath temple a couple of km away.
think of the loud message this short distance from malviyas statue to the temple will send.
if rahul (gandhi) and akhilesh (yadav) do a road show, its for elections.
when modiji does it, its a visit to the temple, a senior bjp functionary said.
malviya, a member of the hindu mahasabha, one of the founts of the bjp, left the congress in 1934 in protest against a provision for separate electorates for the minorities.
he was a former president of the congress.
the symbolism in the road show is designed to appeal to hindu sentiments, which is expected to dissolve whatever grouse people might have against the bjp in this seat of spirituality.
if you want a definition for jet-set, here it is: no sooner had she touched down in india early this week was international fashionista and philanthropist natasha poonawalla already on her speed dial, making calls to invite friends for what is said to be the mother of all parties at her mumbai mansion in sobo, for newlyweds sonam kapoor and anand ahuja this weekend.
as is known, poonawalla could not attend their wedding celebrations as she was in the usa to attend the met ball, where her appearance on the red carpet in a bespoke couture dolce and gabbana gown is said to have put many a star in the shade, says a source.
so, she decided to host a party to continue the celebrations.
the poonawalla mansion, recently refurbished under her instruction, houses a staggering collection of european and indian masters, including van goghs and picassos, and rarely throws open its doors for a party on this scale, its residents preferring to host smaller, more intimate groups.
the last one had been in honour of tina brown and her women in the world series.
whats making this one a big-ticket affair is that not only is all of bollywood expected to roll up in the stipulated dress code of glamorous, but that the invitation has been issued in the glam hostess name alone.
husband aadar is traveling on work, but even so, it is a nice nod in the direction of female empowerment, said the source.
hope more of mumbais divas have the confidence to follow suit.
separated at birth?
(left) anil dharker and (right) margaret atwood.
anil dharker: erstwhile indian editor, one-time tv critic and host, popular columnist and founder and director of litlive, a festival that celebrates authors and books, held in november every year, and which holds literary events throughout the year in different locations in mumbai.
margaret atwood: canadian novelist, poet, literary critic, essayist, inventor, teacher and environmental activist who has published 17 books of poetry, 16 novels, 10 books of non-fiction, eight collections of short fiction, eight childrens books, and one graphic novel, as well as a number of small press editions in poetry and fiction.
wts wtmwhat they say: he told theresa may that uk courts asking about the condition of indian jails in vijay mallyas case is not right, as these are the same prisons where they had jailed our leaders like gandhi and nehru.
sushma swaraj to the media recently on what pm modi saidwhat they mean: and he meant the exact same prisons which the british had built over a century ago!
so much for development.
a touch of brightness(ltor) tv star tara sharma and her father late partap sharma.
in these days of gloom and doom, a touch of brightness: word comes in that the path-breaking play, a touch of brightness, written in 1965 by the late thespian, voice-over artist, author and alpha-male partap sharma, will be the opening reading at a festival celebrating south asian playwrights at the royal court theatre in london this evening.
as might be recalled, the play, set in mumbais red light district, had become a cause clbre when it was banned by regressive forces, and legal luminaries like soli sorabjee and iqbal chagla had argued eloquently for its freedom of expression.
the original cast had featured zohra sehgal and roshan sheth amongst others, and the radio version produced soon after had no less than dame judi dench as its protagonist along with music by ravi shankar!
wish dad was here to hear of this honor, said sharmas daughter, the actress and tv star tara sharma who along with husband, ad filmmaker roopak saluja and her mother sue, will be present for the occasion.
but, i truly believe legacies such as this, and love and family, keep him alive and present with us, she added.
indeed.
jharkhand chief minister raghubar das on friday said that 172 of the 210 mous signed during the global investors summit (gis) will materialie in a year and the work at the ground level will begin within two years.
addressing the concluding ceremony of the two-day summit, das said the state only invited those companies to sign deals which were positive about initiating works on the ground.
jharkhand will play a pivotal role in making india an investment destination.
we, as team jharkhand, are ready to put in all possible efforts to contribute to the countrys industrial aspirations, das said, thanking the representatives from 26 countries, four union ministers and industry captains from across the world.
he also promised initiatives from the government in identifying and removing the hurdles that the investors face.
for this, he said, the state will hold monthly meetings with investors and identify the problems they face in regular works.
today we start a new journey towards development.
it is our endeavour to end poverty and unemployment in jharkhand, he said.
union minister for information technology, ravishankarprasad prasad lauded jharkhands efforts towards the digital revolution and creating an investment-friendly atmosphere.
india received the highest investments in the world in the last two years.
jharkhands role in the achievement has been instrumental, said prasad.
nirmala sitharaman, minister for state (independent charge) commerce and industry, said, jharkhand has excelled in all parameters in last two years.
momentum jharkhand is picking up and ready to fly.
the state is going to make big turnaround.
mos rural development, ram kripal yadav said jharkhand was a rich state with poor people, and it was time to work for holistic growth of people as well as the state.
it was time for jharkhands people to be as rich as their state.
investments will bring the necessary changes for holistic growth of jharkhand, yadav said.
releasing the bjp sankalp patra, or manifesto, for lok sabha elections 2019 on monday, prime minister narendra modi said the government was moving ahead with one mission and one direction.
he said the development had to be flexible to suit the countrys diversity, it had to be multi-layered and multi-directional.
the party manifesto charted 75 milestones india @75 had to achieve, chief focus being on the farm sector, education, health and infrastructure.
party chief amit shah said, in five years, the government led by prime minister narendra modi has taken 50 major decisions for the betterment of the country.
from 2014-19, our government has transformed the country.
.
.
these have been the golden yearsothers present at the function were ministers sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, rajnath singh and other senior leaders.
the ruling party promised pension for small and medium farmers and shopkeepers, days after the congress vowed to bring about several welfare measures, including a grant of rs 72,000 to the poorest 20  households in the country, if voted to power.
members of the bjps parliamentary board, its apex body, prime minister narendra modi and its chief amit shah were present at the launch of the manifesto in new delhi.
senior bjp leader arun jaitley had on sunday unveiled campaign themes and other materials of the partys election campaign.
the party has chosen the slogan phir ek baar modi sarkar as its election tagline and its campaign will revolve around the narendra modi-led governments achievements in the past five years.
and the congress, on its part, has adopted the official campaign tagline of ab hoga nyay, centred around its minimum income guarantee scheme and party president rahul gandhi.
the bjp crowdsourced its manifesto and held events across the country to get inputs from different sets of voters like farmers, youths, women, businessmen and others.
union home minister rajnath singh-led manifesto committee of the bjp had decided to form 15 sub-panels to reach out to the different group of voters in january this year.
the 20-member manifesto committee includes union ministers arun jaitley, ravishankarprasad prasad, nirmala sitharaman, thaawarchand gehlot, piyush goyal, and mukhtar abbas naqvi.
it also has former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, bihars deputy chief minister sushil modi, his uttar pradesh counterpart, keshav prasad maurya, among its members.
polling will be held in seven phases across the country from april 11 to may 19.
the results will be declared on may 23.
in an evening of the beginning of last week, the political corridors of kanpur were suddenly overtaken by a piece of sensational information.
a two-sentence letter written in english had started making rounds on whatsapp among leaders, political party workers, journalists and some selected people of the civil society.
the content of the letter was as follows:dear voters of kanpur,shri ramlal general secretary (org.
) bhartiya janta party conveyed to me today that i should not contest the ensuing parliamentary election from kanpur and elsewhere.
(murli manohar joshi)although murli manohar joshis name was there, but his signature was missing.
the skilled politicos know that even a letter without signature carries profound political meanings.
its clear that murli manohar joshi wanted to convey that he has not been given the party ticket and he will not accept this bitter truth as silently as lal krishna advani.
he had no hesitation in saying that his candidature was cancelled.
clearly, while leaving the scene, professor joshi created some obstacles for the new bjp candidate satyadev pachauri.
its not that such dissent was seen only in kanpur.
it was being assumed that tejaswini kumar, wife of the late bjp leader ananth kumar, will be selected as the party candidate from bengaluru south.
she too had been preparing for the electoral battle for months.
in politics, to give the seat of the deceased husband to the wife or a family member is an old and tested formula.
but when the list was released, her name was missing.
at first, she flared up but later accepted the partys decision saying that it proves that we are a party with a difference.
some people showed black flags to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad in his own city of patna.
sources say that a rajya sabha member reportedly instigated these protesters.
they probably knew that the saffron party will nominate him from patna sahib as the partys lok sabha candidate instead of shatrughan sinha.
these three examples are related to famous personalities.
smaller protests occurred in many places but the national media did not or could not cover it.
a few days ago when bjp president amit shah was holding a rally in agra, babulal chaudhary, representative of fatehpur sikri in the 16th lok sabha was holding a separate meeting, in village kiroli.
chaudhary was denied the ticket for upcoming lok sabha polls.
he is considered a firebrand leader in the region and is still showing a rebellious attitude towards the party.
the bubbles of dissatisfaction are bursting not only in bjp.
other parties are also a victim of this epidemic.
this is the reason why many leaders are seen changing their parties, constituencies or groups at the eleventh hour.
there is another reason to worry for the parties.
the voters have kept their fists closed.
as a result, no issue is proving to be effective in the political atmosphere.
not only this, the political discourse in urban and rural areas are quite different.
the urban voters seem to identify air strikes, pulwama and nationalism with the political personalities whereas real issues on the ground have taken more prominence in the villages.
the voters there do not want to forgo their caste identity besides paying attention to their problems.
as a result, the 2019 elections are going back to the old ways.
this is unfortunate.
association for democratic reforms (adr), which keeps a close watch over indian elections and political personalities, conducted a survey in october-december 2018.
the ten main issues which emerged during this survey are the same on which debate has been going on for the last 70 years.
the issues are: employment, health services, clean drinking water, roads, public transport, irrigation, farm loan, better minimum support prices (msp) for the crop, agricultural subsidies, and law and order.
if you look at the slogans of all the political parties in the light of these issues, you can understand the reality well.
the political slogans have neither eradicated poverty nor provided employment or water to every farm.
are the elections for the 17th lok sabha also going to be just another joist in this deceit?
i will give you an example.
a few days ago k chandrashekhar raos party had won the telangana assembly elections with more than two third of majority.
his daughter k. kavitha won last lok sabha elections from nizamabad constituency.
this time 178 farmers have filed nomination against her from the same constituency.
these farmers are unhappy with the fact that despite promises, no board was formed for the turmeric producers.
it has definitely created problems for kavitha but the election commission too is facing unprecedented problems as there is no provision for so many candidates on the electronic voting machines.
these examples should be sufficient to open the eyes of the electoral warriors.
the piqued silence of the voters is now coming to an end.
this is the time for politicians to return to the basic issues.
for tabla maestro fazal qureshi, april 29 will not mark just another concert in memory of his father, ustad alla rakha.
it is the culmination of a three-month-long walk down memory lane, as he tries to narrate the story of the man who put the tabla on the world map.
to celebrate the beginning of alla rakhas birth centenary year, qureshi along with actor-storyteller danish husain, present a musical tribute titled the journey continues.
the show recreates his top compositions and intersperses them with stories from his life and his journey from lahore to mumbai.
for me, the last three months were all about tracing my fathers life and getting to know him better, says qureshi.
i learnt more about his life before he became a tabla player, how he met his guru and came to mumbai, and how he composed music for films between the 1940s and late 50s!
allah rakha composed for close to 30 films under the name of ar qureshi, including the 1952 raj kapoor-nargis starrer bewafa and indias first sound film, alam ara, in 1956.
it was only during my research for this concert that i learnt that my father also sang for stalwarts like prithviraj kapoor, says qureshi.
the performance will have two songs from his films, and compositions that were created in collaboration with the legendary sitar exponent pandit ravishankarprasad (one from a concert attended by jimi hendrix), drummer buddy rich and violinist yehudi menuhin.
it weaves in not just music from around the world, but artistes from different communities.
with performers like zubin balaporia on the keyboard, sridar parthasarathy on the mridangam, sheldon dsilva playing the bass and dilshad khan on the sarangi, it aims to be a night where music truly transcends borders.
husain has been doing his own share of research into the life of ustad alla rakha.
i was amused to learn that after american percussionist mickey hart first heard an lp recording of abbaji playing the tabla, he thought there were was more than one artist performing, he says.
it was difficult for him to imagine that one man alone was able to create something so beautiful.
the storyteller has also been reading zakir hussains biography, a life in music, which is full of little anecdotes about how alla rakha influenced him.
the book talks about how he instilled discipline in zakir hussains life by making him practice tabla bols every morning between 3 am and 6 am, before school, he says.
that level of dedication is unmatched.
qureshi believes that the concert is more than a way to pay homage to his father; it is a chance for younger, upcoming musicians to honour their mentors as well.
i have andrew kanga on the drums who is heavily inspired by buddy rich and abhisek mallick, a sitar player from kolkata, who is a third generation protg of ravishankarprasad , he says.
this is a big opportunity for them to keep the tradition alive.
what: the journey continues, an alla rakha tribute showwhen: sunday, april 29where: st. andrews auditorium, bandra west, 7pmpasses: free.
if you are in varanasi, kachauri and jalebi for breakfast is a must.
on sunday, the delectable treat was also savoured by three union ministers and two national level bjp leaders.
camping in the prime ministers constituency to campaign for elections scheduled on march 8, the ministers relished the famous delicacies at shri ram bhandar in nadesar area.
amid hectic campaigning, it is a real treat to enjoy such crunchy banarasi kachauri and crispy jalebis, said law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who was accompanied with union health minister jp nadda and union minister of state for finance santosh gangwar, bjp national general secretary bhupendra yadav and national spokesperson srikant sharma.
they dont just taste good, they look tempting as well, said prasad while insisting that the food is a part of the culture here.
eating them on the street, like a common man, is a heavenly experience, he said as his cabinet and party colleagues nod in unison.
such authentic food is a rarity in the national capital, said another bjp leader even as a local informs them about temple citys love for food.
banaras has more than 200 kachauri and jalebi shops.
of them, some are very famous.
in fact, a lane in the city is known as kachauri gali.
some of these shops are more than 100 years old, he says.
our shop was established in 1870.
and personalities as tall as former prime minister indira gandhi have relished our food items, boasts saurabh gupta, the shop owner.
only a few days back, filmmaker anurag kashyap was here, he adds.
the bjp ministers have been camping here for about one week.
they are looking after the campaigning arrangements for last two phases, covering 78 assembly seats in eastern up.
in the sixth phase, polling will take place on 38 seats in five districts, including gorakhpur, kushinagar, maharajganj, deoria and azamgarh.
last and seventh phase that is scheduled on march 8 covers 40 assembly seats in seven districts, including varanasi, ghazipur, jaunpur, sonbhadra, chandauli, mirzapur and bhadohi.
former ips officer bharati ghosh, who once addressed bengal chief minister mamata banerjee as the mother of jangalmahal, was grilled on friday for about eight hours by state police a day after she filed nomination as the bharatiya janata party candidate from ghatal lok sabha constituency.
she was questioned by a team of officers from the criminal investigation department (cid) of the west bengal police.
ghosh is facing as many as 11 cases, nine of which were slapped in 2018 and two this year.
some of these charges relate to alleged extortion and illegal exchange of banned currency notes.
a team of 16 officers led by special superintendent (cid), indra narayan chakraborty, arrived at the rented accommodation of ghosh in kalmijor village and started interrogating her from about 10 am.
the questioning ended around 6 pm.
there was a short break around 2 pm.
before the cid team left, bjp supporters gathered in front of ghoshs residence and shouted slogans.
they (the officers) said that they would like to come tomorrow again for interrogation.
i told them it will not be possible for me to attend since i have campaign plans.
but i assured them of all cooperation.
i have requested them to come for interrogation after april 22.
meanwhile, i shall also inform the supreme court of the development through my lawyer, ghosh said after the interrogation.
asked about the interrogation, the former cop said, i enjoyed it.
i could have enjoyed a bit more had the questions been relevant.
ghosh also said that she had to cancel her campaign in pingla area on friday to attend the questioning.
polling will be held in ghatal on may 12.
this is nothing but one more shameless display of the ruling partys use of the state police against political opponents.
tmc has lost popular support and therefore they are afraid, said shishir bajoria, election committee member of the bjp in bengal.
the bjp found support from the cpi-m in bengal over the alleged misuse of the state agencies to target the opposition.
we, too, have many things to say against bharati ghosh, who shared a daughter-mother relation with the chief minister.
we demand the charges against her (ghosh) be properly probed.
but we condemn the timing of the interrogation.
it is evidently a plot to use the state machinery against the opponents, said rabin deb, central committee member of the communist party of india (marxist).
once extremely close to mamata banerjee, ghosh (then superintendent of police of west midnapore district) hailed her as the mother of jangalmahal (former maoist-dominated forested areas of bengal) in 2016.
in march this year, bharati ghosh returned a medal and a certificate for commendable service that chief minister mamata banerjee gave her on august 15, 2014.
in 2018, ghosh spent several months in hiding after the cid slapped cases against her under non-bailable sections.
late last year, she was granted relief by the supreme court following which she emerged from hiding and joined the bjp on february 4.
she joined the bjp in delhi the presence of union minister ravishankarprasad prasad and bjp national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya and alleged that thugocracy replaced democracy in bengal.
ghosh resigned from the police service in 2017 after she was transferred to a less insignificant post.
her relations with mamata soured after local trinamool leaders alleged that she was in league with bjp leaders in west midnapore district.
senior members of indias top it industry lobby will on february 24 begin a week-long visit to the us, which is planning a clampdown on h-1b visas that are crucial to indian software majors overseas business.
the national association of software and services companies (nasscom) delegation would meet members of the trump administration to ensure free flow of skilled manpower between the two nations.
we are going to highlight value contribution of the indian information technology sector to the us economy in terms of indian industry being the net creator and protector of jobs in us, shivendra singh, vice-president and head of global trade development, nasscom, said on tuesday.
read: its difficult to replace americans with indian i-t workerspresident donald trumps america first policy has rattled the it industry.
trump is pushing for american jobs for americans and has vowed a crackdown on companies shipping jobs abroad or bringing in cheaper hires from abroad.
h-1b is a temporary visa program used to bring foreign workers to the united states to fill high-skilled jobs.
these visas are largely used by tech firms and india gets the lions share of them.
the reports of the visit come as us congressman bob goodlatte led an eight-member team to india.
the team is meeting it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday.
read: h-1b visa: trump administrations proposed changes and how they can affect indiansgoodlatte is the chairman of the house judiciary committee that plays an important role in drawing policies around immigration and intellectual property.
we have shared our views with them that indian it industry is a large contributor to job creation in the us and we bring skills in areas where there is a huge skill deficit, r chandrashekhar, president of nasscom, told agencies.
nasscom chairman cp gurnani, md and ceo, tech mahindra, and chandrashekhar will be part of the nasscom delegation.
the two visits are expected to ease pressure on indian it companies, which earn 65  of their $155 billion revenue from the us.
in a first, nasscom recently delayed its initial growth forecast for fiscal 2017-18, citing market uncertainty.
shivendra singh said indian firms supported 411,00 jobs in the us.
they made corporate america more competitive as they were working with almost 75   of the fortune 500 companies and also helped them create jobs, he said.
the us delegations visit , singh said, reinforced the fact that the indian economy was important to uss strategic interests.
india is the fasted growing economy in the world and there exists huge amount of indo-us bilateral trade.
both the countries are working towards growing bilateral trade from $100 billion to $500billion and both the side need to make efforts in that direction, singh said.
in the heat and dust of lok sabha elections in bihar, patna university (pu), the seventh oldest university in the country and cradle of bihar politics that has produced leaders like nitish kumar, lalu prasad, ram vilas paswan, sushil modi, ashwinin choubey and many others, is simmering for a different reason.
the issue relates to the development of krishnaghat road to connect with upcoming ganga path along the ganga river for which pu has been asked to transfer land.
the patna university teachers association (puta) has raised concerns on this and has written to the vice chancellor not to transfer the land, as a busy public road through the institutions campus could damage its sanctity and might lead to demolition of heritage buildings like minto and cavendish hostels.
in a letter on february 28, the patna district magistrate asked for no objection from pu for the transfer of land.
earlier on february 6 also, the bihar state road development corporation limited had written in this regard to pu.
maintaining that the university has had to already part with considerable land by way of transfer of its dispensary, a portion of saidpur campus and a big stretch near ranighat, puta leaders said that further pruning its campus would open the doors for more such demands in future, raising a question mark over the existence of pus majestic campus on the banks of the ganga.
puta has decided to write to both of the nda candidate union minister ravishankarprasad prasad and grand alliance most likely nominee shatrughan sinha, also alumni of pu, apart from the governor-cum-chancellor lalji tandon and chief minister nitish kumar.
former bihar congress president anil sharma, who was puta president from 1980-84, said a heritage like pu needed to be protected and not pruned in the name of development.
the government should explore other alternatives and not test pus patience, he added.
puta president randhir kumar sinha said it was unfortunate that an institution having completed 100 years was being gradually and systematically reduced with one request after another for land in the last couple of years.
during its centenary year celebration, none other than the chief minister had demanded central university status for pu, which was turned down by pm narendraa modi.
now the government wants land from pu.
it should have explored connectivity options before starting the ganga path project, he added.
urging the vc not to transfer the land, puta has written that movement of heavy transport vehicles and passenger vehicles would cause campus disorder.
besides, three old and prominent girls hostels and two boys hostels are located adjacent to the proposed road, which is at present used for universitys internal communication.
when pm had come, it was the internal road that was used for his movement.
department of chemistry, exam hall and other heritage buildings are also located next to it, said puta, adding the employees and students unions were also one on this.
we request you not to transfer the assets of pu, which it got through donations, to the government.
the government should work on some alternative ways, said puta, citing how similar demands during the tenure of former pu vc yc simhadri were turned down in the interest of the institution.
pu vc rash bihari prasad singh said that he would discuss the matter with the government.
many people have met me and voiced their concerns.
they have cited genuine problems, as adjacent buildings will have to be demolished to make room for a public road bisecting the campus.
i will request the government, he added.
a few years ago, the girls of bihars premiere magadh mahila college had in 2013 staged protest against blockage of the college gate due to mega infrastructure projects planned in the vicinity, much to the annoyance of the state government.
the government, however, prevailed and earlier this year assured construction of a multi-storied state-of-the-art building and 800-bed hostel for the college to assuage the ruffled feelings.
the law ministry has shot down as legally untenable a string of measures, such as impounding of passports and confiscation of property, suggested by an inter-ministerial group to deter nri men from deserting their wives, officials familiar with the development have said.
women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi last week wrote to external affairs minister sushma swaraj, who heads the group, to call another meeting to end the deadlock that threatens to derail the move to help abandoned wives.
the law ministrys position has resulted in all efforts made so far coming to a standstill.
there will be no deterrent unless stringent steps are taken against  nri men who have failed to respond to repeated summons, an official said on condition of anonymity.
with more and more indians going abroad to study and work, there has been a sharp rise in men deserting their wives after marrying them in india.
the national commission for women (ncw) received 346 complaints from such women in 2014, the latest year for which figures are available.
they were mostly about men preventing women from travelling by taking away their passports, disappearing after marriage, abandoning them in foreign countries and keeping children abroad with no contact with the mother.
the number would be much higher as only a handful of women come forward with their complaints, wcd ministry officials say.
the ministerial panel was set up in 2017 to review the legal and regulatory challenges faced by women.
nitin gadkari, ravishankarprasad prasad, maneka gandhi, smriti irani, narendra singh tomar and vk singh are the other members of the group.
the panel also suggested that the external affairs ministry put on its website summons issued to nri men after they fail to respond to the one sent to their address.
such notices were to be treated as deemed to have been served.
the current practice is that once a woman lodges a complaint, police write to embassies that issue a summons but in most cases it is not received as either the address is false or the person has moved to a new place.
the law ministry has not agreed to this proposal also.
without this, the regulatory framework that the inter-ministerial panel had recommended to help women abandoned or abused by nri husbands will not have any meaning, a wcd ministry official said.
following the recommendations, gandhi had written to the home and law ministries to make necessary changes in the law to make the suggestions operational.
the ministry had on december 20 constituted an integrated nodal agency for addressing nri marital disputes.
wednesday marked the 10th day in a row that fuel prices rose, to rs 77.
17 a litre of petrol and rs 68.
34 a litre of diesel in the capital, but law and information technology (it) minister ravishankarprasad prasad said a long-term solution is being worked out to address the price volatility.
after a 19-day hiatus in the run-up to the karnataka polls, the price of petrol has increased by rs 2.
54 in the last 10 days, and that of diesel by rs 2.
41.
consumers and opposition parties have been mounting pressure on the government to step in and provide relief from the rising prices.
the government is keen that instead of having an ad hoc measure, it may be desirable to have a long-term view which addresses not only the volatility but also the ambiguity arising out of frequent ups and downs, prasad said.
in 2017, the government introduced the practice of daily price revision of fuel prices, which were previously fixed every fortnight based on the international crude price and the rupees exchange rate.
the united progressive alliance government in 2010 deregulated the pricing of petrol.
the national democratic alliance administration followed suit with diesel in 2014.
analysts, consumers, and opposition parties have pointed out that the government hasnt passed on cuts in international fuel prices with the same alacrity with which it has raises.
indeed, the current government has increased duties on fuel when global prices of oil fell, and used the accruing revenue to shore up its own finances and reduce the deficit.
bonanza to central government is rs 25 on every litre of petrol.
this money rightfully belongs to the average consumer, former finance minister p chidambaram tweeted.
he added: central government saves rs 15 on every litre of petrol due to fall in crude oil prices.
it also puts additional tax of rs 10 on every litre of petrol.
the indian government took advantage of a slide in the price of crude oil since november 2014 to shore up revenue by hiking excise duty on fuel nine times between november 2014 and january 2016.
but in the face of surging crude price since december 2016, the government has slashed excise duty only once, by rs 2 in october 2017.
several oil marketing companies (omcs) such as indian oil and bharat petroleum have suggested that petroleum products should be brought under gst.
.
there is need to review taxation on the fuel, hindustan petroleum chairman mukesh kumar surana was quoted as saying by pti on wednesday.
the central government levies rs 19.
48 excise duty on a litre of petrol and rs 15.
33 on diesel.
local taxes and cesses vary from state to state.
faced with mounting pressure, government sources have told ht that an excise duty cut is on the cards while discussions are on with omcs to reimburse the dealers on their commission.
the government should have a price target for fuel prices so that the taxes can be adjusted around it.
and there should be stabilisation fund to protect the exchequer from fluctuations in revenue collection.
but by launching ambitious welfare programmes based on revenue from higher duty, the government was being extremely hopeful that low international crude prices will be a long-term phenomenon, said pronab sen, former chief statistician of india.
political heirs of prominent leaders are no more exceptions and the trend of sons and daughters of prominent politicians stepping into the political arena is not confined to any one party.
in bihar, there are innumerable instances of leaders cutting across party lines passing on the baton to their heirs successfully.
for some, it was easy pickings, while for others it came after spending a lot of time in the rough and tumble of politics.
this includes wards of former bihar chief ministers, union ministers and state leaders.
former bihar cm late daroga prasad rais son chandrika rai is in the fray from saran.
rai is the samdhi of lalu prasad and has represented the parsa assembly seat in saran district six times in the past and was runner-up twice.
rjd chief lalu prasads younger son tejaswhi prasad yadav is holding the party reins in the ongoing lok sabha polls, while his daughter misa bharti is trying her luck for the second time from pataliputra constituency.
leading the pack, however, is the family of union minister ram vilas paswan, who decided not to contest this time, but three of his kin - his son chirag paswan and two brothers - are again in the fray.
paswans younger brother pashupati kumar paras is contesting from his stronghold hajipur.
in samastipur, ram vilas paswans another brother ram chandra paswan will fight it out against ashok kumar, former bihar congress president and son of five-time mla and former congress minister late balwashwar ram.
baleshwar ram had won the rosera seat in the 1980 lok sabha elections, but his son is yet to win ls election even once.
last time, ashok kumar had lost to ramchandra paswan and it will be a repeat contest this time.
in madhubani, five-term mp and former union minister hukumdev narayan yadav decided not to contest this time and the bjp gave the seat to his son ashok yadav, who has been an old leader of the party.
ashok yadav represented keoti assembly seat in darbhanga on the bjp ticket thrice before losing to rjds faraz fatmi in 2015 when jd-u, rjd and the congress were together.
however, this is the first time he is contesting lok sabha election from his fathers bastion and is confident.
true, fathers legacy is a great help, but i have toiled in the organsiation at various levels to come this far.
from 1987-92, i was with abvp in delhi university and joined bjp in 1993.
i was also implicated in a false case in 2004.
this time, there is undercurrent for narendra modi, he said.
former union minister akhilesh singh has fielded his son akash singh from motihari.
this is akashs first brush with electoral politics.
same is the case with former mp and bahubali surajbhan singhs brother chandan kumar, who faced another first timer and wife of suspended rjd mla raj ballabh yadav, vibha devi from nawada in the first phase on april 11.
in siwan, jd-u mla from daraunda kavita singh is taking on rjds heena sahab.
kavita singh is the daughter-in-law of jd-u mla late jagmato devi, while sahab is the wife of incarcerated former rjd mp md shahabuddin.
from sheohar, sitting bjp mp rama devi, wife of former rjd mla late brij bihari singh, is trying her luck again.
in muzaffarpur, five-term mp late jai narayan nishads son ajay nishad, who won the seat for the first time in narendra modi wave in 2014, is hoping of a repeat.
the sitting west champaran mp dr sanjay jaiswal of the bjp is again in the fray this year.
son of former bjp mp late dr madan jaiwal, dr sanjay jaiswal represented the seat both in 2009 and 2014.
former lok sabha speaker and two-time sasaram mp meira kumar, daughter of congress veteran jagjivan ram, is contesting to retain her seat from chedi paswan of the bjp.
jagjivan ram, who was a minister in the jawaharlal nehru cabinet and later went on become countrys defence minister and agriculture minister, represented the seat seven times.
union minister and senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad, who is challenging sitting patna sahib mp shatrughan sinha of the congress, also has a political legacy.
his father thakur prasad was a leader of the bjp and a cabinet minister in the karpoori thakur government.
in aurangabad, sitting mp sushil singhs father ram naresh singh represented the seat twice, while he is trying for the third term.
kalpana chawla, the first woman of indian origin to go to space, will be posthumously awarded the special achievement award on january 11 at the first haryana pravasi divas.
her father, bl chawla, will receive the award.
chawla, who was born in karnal, was one of the seven crew members killed in the space shuttle columbia disaster in 2003.
she will be awarded for her achievements in the field of science.
apart from her, 18 noted personalities of haryanvi origin will also be awarded the haryana gaurav samman at the event, said a government spokesperson.
the haryana pravasi divas is the first event for non-resident indians of haryanvi origin and is being held to connect them with their roots and draw them to invest in the state.
the state government has collaborated with the confederation of indian industry (cii) for the two-day event scheduled to be held at kingdom of dreams on tuesday and wednesday.
two villages of haryana  sui in bhiwani district and dangra in fatehabad district  have been adopted by nris jagmohan jindal and gaurav aggarwal respectively for philanthropic activities.
jindal and aggarwal will interact with the villagers through videoconferencing at the event, the spokesperson said.
deputy commissioners, police heads and district public relations officers would also join the video conference.
non-resident haryanvis who are doing or are planning to take up philanthropic activities in any part of the state would also be honoured in the valedictory function on january 11.
some memorandums of understanding (mous) for investment are also expected to be signed in the event, said the spokesperson.
among others, the event will be attended by sportspersons deepa malik, vijender singh, akhil kumar, jitender kumar, sangram singh, dalip singh rana (the great khali), yogeshwar dutt, sakshi malik, geeta phogat, babita phogat, anjum chopra, kapil dev, chetan sharma and joginder sharma.
apart from chief minister manohar lal khattar and some state ministers, union ministers nirmala sitharaman, piyush goyal, general (retd) vk singh, smriti irani, birender singh, krishan pal gurjar, narendra singh tomar, prakash javadekar and ravishankarprasad prasad are also expected to attend the event.
in jagdamba camp, a south delhi slum, sunita and prem kumar upadhyay are caught in an aadhaar bind, curtailing their familys ration entitlement.
the family of six is getting provisions under the public distribution system (pds) only for two as names of their minor children could not be enlisted in the ration card in the absence of their aadhaar cards, the all important document to get benefits of the government schemes.
the aadhaar is a 12 digit unique-identity number issued to indian residents based on their biometric and demographic data collected and maintained by the unique identification authority of india (uidai).
explaining his predicament, kumar says officials responsible for the aadhaar enrolment at the time did not register children below 12 years, saying it was not feasible.
now that all the four children have finally got their aadhaar cards, the window to enlist their names in the ration card has closed.
as a result, kumar, who owns a bag repairing shop, is now forced to buy provisions from the open market to meet the shortfall.
his family has a priority card which entitles them 5kg ration (4kg wheat at rs2 per kg and 1kg rice at rs 3 per kg) per person listed on the card.
sunita and kumar are not the only ones in the sheikh sarai slum, to be deprived of their rights, though with more than a billion enrolments, the government is tomtoming the success of the aadhaar project.
only a few days ago, ravishankarprasad prasad, the minister in charge of the uidai claimed linking of the aadhaar with ration distribution has brought about more transparency and saved public money to the tune of rs 14,000 crore.
the government is now making the linking of permanent account numbers (pan) to aadhaar mandatory ignoring the controversy over the project since the inception of uidai in 2009.
the aadhaar has been challenged in the supreme court on several grounds, including national security, violating right to privacy, excluding some people from benefits of welfare programmes.
since 2013, the top court has issued seven interim orders, directing voluntary use of aadhaar and that no one should be denied benefits to which they are otherwise entitled, if they do not have the 12 digit number.
notwithstanding such riders, the aadhaar (targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies, benefits and services) act, 2016 came into force on september 12 last year.
the act makes aadhaar mandatory to get subsidies, benefits and services provided by the state.
the government has expanded its scope to even filing of income tax returns.
however, activists affirm that making aadhaar mandatory is unconstitutional and a complete disregard of the supreme courts orders.
reetika khera, associate professor of economics in iit delhi, accused the government of creating false impression that the sc orders have become redundant following the enactment of the aadhaar act.
the most common trick used by the government to get around the courts order is to state that those who do not have aadhaar can continue to get their entitlements if they enrol for it and that the government will facilitate this.
this is sugar-coating on a bitter pill, says khera.
you just stop getting your entitlements  until you enrol for it.
this is the reality of it, though the government vehemently denies it.
the civil society has been alleging government is maintaining a double-standard on the issue.
though enrolment for aadhaar is voluntary, you have to compulsorily enroll for it if you want any entitlements from the state, pointed out anjali bhardwaj of satark nagrik sangathan.
some even say the identification number is a tool for the government to keep a tab on the residents.
nandan nilekani, the first chief of uidai, however, dismissed all concerns about aadhaar-linked state surveillance: surveillance is the last thing on the governments agenda.
the mobile phone is a bigger tool of surveillance than aadhaar.
ajay bhushan pandey, chief executive officer at uidai, said: the act ensures that no one is denied of any benefits for the want of the aadhaar.
it is required only for ensuring that the benefits reach the right individuals.
since 2012, the uidai has done 500 crore authentications, 100 crore ekyc transactions, 32 crore aadhaar enabled payment system transactions, and not a single case of identity theft or financial loss has been reported over a period of five years, he claimed.
with ever increasing last-mile glitches, connectivity and network issues, machine malfunctioning, there is a growing criticism that in a bid to weed out the fakes, the government is depriving many deserving people of their entitlements.
for the anomalies, the uidai officials pass the buck to concerned departments that implement the welfare schemes.
the aadhaar only helps various agencies and departments to identify a person, said a uidai official, adding if anyone is denied of his or her entitlement due to non-availability of the unique number, it is only because concerned officials are not properly following the law or the notification.
there are more than 30,000 common service centres where people can update their existing details.
they can also send details by post or email.
there is a special provision to enrol a child below five years by linking his/her details at the enrolment centres or the aadhaar id of the parent, he pointed out.
but those opposing the aadhaar are not convinced.
they argue technology is vulnerable to failures and is not a panacea for curbing corruption.
imagine if you had to board a flight or withdraw cash and your aadhaar-based biometric authentication, mandatory for the transaction, fails, and you are requested to go re-enroll and wait for records to be updated, khera said.
bhardwaj maintained that corruption could take place even in the welfare schemes that are based on aadhaar authentication such as pds.
after the authentication, the ration shop owners can give less provisions than what is entitled, citing lack of availability or supply.
in such a scenario, what can the beneficiaries do?
there is no redressal mechanism in place.
how will the thumb authentication ensure that the ration shop is not depriving the beneficiary?
she asked.
amid these claims and counterclaims, the reality perhaps lies somewhere in between.
the aadhaar will solve only a part of the problem.
it cannot be a one stop solution for all ails, said a senior uidai official.
read about the people entangled in the aadhaar web of confusion:identity crisis: sabra khatoon ansari, jagdamba campsabra khatoon ansari holds up her aadhaar card which erroneously mentions her sex as male.
(arun sharma/ht photo)nine-year-old sabra khatoons sex on the aadhaar card is mentioned as male.
due to the anomaly, she is facing severe identity problems to get benefits of various government welfare schemes such as laadli and ews medical card.
her father md salam attributes the error to chaos at the aadhaar enrolment centre where his daughter got her biometric data registered in 2014.
he says several attempts by him to rectify the mistake went in vain.
missing laadli: mahi, motilal nehru camp, near jnusaroj and prem kumar kanojia with their daughter mahi, who could not be enrolled for the laadli scheme.
(arun sharma/ht photo)mahi, born to saroj and prem kumar kanojia on august 4, 2016 could not be enrolled for the laadli scheme as she did not have an aadhaar card.
they said despite several visits to aadhaar centre to get the all-important card for their daughter did not yield any result.
they were sent back on the ground that the child is too young for the registration.
scholarship woes: swayam gupta, motilal nehru camp, near jnuswayam gupta , with his mother geeta.
swayam has lost out on a school scholarship because his name is misspelt on his aadhaar card.
(arun sharma/ht photo)the syndicate bank passbook of swayam gupta shows an entry of rs 1200 on 24/11/2016 in his account.
however, he cannot withdraw the money as his name in the aadhaar card has been erroneously spelled as shivam.
his mother geeta was told by bank officials that her son will not be able to take out the money credited in his account to purchase books and uniforms due to the mismatch.
swayam studies in class 4 in the government school at sector 3, r k puram.
kaagzon pe sarkar chaltee hai (government depends only on paper), says geeta gupta, lamenting that just because of a clerical error her son is not getting his school scholarship.
pension pain: rukampal, jagdamba camp, malviya nagarrukampal, who runs an ironing stall, cannot claim his pension because of an error in his year of birth on his aadhaar card.
(arun sharma/ht photo)rukampal is not getting his monthly old-age pension because his age mentioned on the aadhaar card is less than the pensionable age.
as per the voter id card, rukampals age as on 1/1/2013 is 67 years, whereas his aadhaar card issued on 8/3/2012 mentions his year of birth as 1957, that makes him 55-year-old at the time of the enrolment.
to correct the mistake, rukampal says he even paid rs 300 to a local agent, who works at the aadhaar enrolment centre to make a new aadhaar card.
nothing came out of it.
after the delhi government revised the old age and disability pensions, senior citizens in the age group of 60-69 years are now entitled to get rs 2,000 monthly, while those above 70 years get rs 2,500 per month.
iss burdape mein bhee koi sahayta nahee (there is no respite even in this old age), he said.
indias first anti-human trafficking law should have provision to penalise commercial carriers and transport companies if they fail to ensure that people travelling to the country are carrying requisite travel documents, union urban affairs minister hardeep singh puri has recommended.
the provision exists in the un protocol to prevent, suppress and punish trafficking persons, especially women and children, supplementing the un convention against transnational organised crimes, which puts the onus on commercial carriers in ensuring that passengers are in possession of requisite travel documents.
india is a signatory to the un convention.
in a letter to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad last week, puri has highlighted how certain critical features of the un protocol are missing from the proposed domestic law.
puri is part of the group of ministers (gom) set up to review the anti human-trafficking billthe un protocol provides trafficking against women, along with minors be given due recognition.
the current proposal, while adequately addressing tracking of minors, does not provide the same salience to crimes against women, says puris letter, a copy of which has been reviewed by ht.
besides, article 6, section (1) of the un protocol states that each state party shall protect the privacy and identity of victims of trafficking persons.
the proposed bill is silent on the need to secure the identity of victims, puris letter notes.
the draft trafficking of persons (prevention, protection and rehabilitation) bill, 2017, piloted by the union women and child development (wcd) ministry, proposes punishment of up to 14 years for traffickers, measures to rehabilitate victims, and the mandatory registration of placement agencies that recruit and place domestic help.
in a first, it also treats a trafficked person pushed into prostitution as a victim, instead of the prevalent practice of treating them as criminals like the traffickers and facing jail term of up to seven years.
the bill was referred to a four-member gom, headed by external affairs minister sushma swaraj last month when it came up for approval before the cabinet.
it was referred to the gom after swaraj and puri flagged incongruities in the bill, said a senior government official familiar with the development.
wcd minister maneka gandhi and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad are the other two members of the gom.
once the gom gives its report, we will go to the cabinet for approval, said a senior wcd ministry official who did not want to be quoted.
questions were raised in the rajya sabha on monday as to whether a minister can take up part-time work.
raising the issue without naming navjot singh sidhu, samajwadi party member naresh agrawal said there is a discussion in the media about a case in punjab.
sidhu, cricketer-turned-politician, has been insisting on continuing to appear in the tv show even after becoming a minister in capt amarinder singh-led congress government in punjab.
also read | when sidhu went for thanksgiving to amritsar: from riding a bullet to dancing the bhangraagrawal also alleged that union finance minister arun jaitley and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad are noted lawyers and they too charge hefty amounts for providing legal advice.
deputy speaker pj kurien, who was in the chair, said there was no evidence to back the claim and was a mere allegation.
however, agrawal kept insisting that the matter was serious, after which the minister of state for parliamentary affairs, mukhtar abbas naqvi, said the sp members claims were factually wrong.
congress member rajeev shukla raised a question as to whether retired judges should give their opinions or arbitration.
the supreme court collegium on wednesday unanimously agreed to defer by a week a decision on whether to recommend the name of uttarakhand chief justice km joseph once again for elevation to the top court, after chief justice of india (cji) dipak misra suggested that the names of more judges be considered.
a person privy to the collegium proceedings said wednesdays meeting lasted about 50 minutes.
cji misra was of the view that judges from the high courts of rajasthan, calcutta and andhra pradesh and telangana should be considered along with the proposal to elevate justice joseph, the person said on condition of anonymity.
members of the collegium, which comprises the five senior-most supreme court judges and decides on appointments to the higher judiciary, then deferred the decision on the elevation of justice joseph.
three of the others said they needed time to respond to other names proposed by the cji and also to decide if a consolidated list of the four names should be sent to the government or just the name of justice joseph.
last week, the government cleared the appointment of senior advocate to the supreme court as a judge of the top court, but put on hold the collegiums recommendation to elevate joseph.
four of the five collegium members were also for the first time informed on wednesday of a letter written by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad to the cji on april 30 wherein he reiterated the government position that the principle of seniority must be followed in the elevation of judges to the top court.
the letter pointed out that justice joseph is 42nd in seniority among the high court judges and many hcs such as gujarat, calcutta and jammu and kashmir are not represented in the apex court.
a second person with knowledge of the situation confirmed to hindustan times that so far the collegium had not decided whether to return the name of justice joseph to the government for elevation.
but there is a general view among the judges that his name needs to be reiterated as available facts and figures suggest that he is the most meritorious judge among the present lot of judges.
apart from justice josephs case, the collegium next week is likely to consider the names of justice indira banerjee, who hails from the calcutta high court and is presently the chief justice of madras high court; justice r.subhash reddy, who is from telangana and is presently gujarat high court chief justice; and justice dinesh maheshwari, who hails from rajasthan and is chief justice of the karnataka high courtafter putting on hold justice josephs elevation, law minister wrote to the cji that it would not be fair and justified to other more senior, suitable, and deserving chief justices and senior judges of various high courts.
the collegium, which is headed by the cji, comprises justices j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, mb lokur and kurien joseph.
a number of supreme court lawyers urged the top court to put on hold malhotras appointment and direct the government to clear josephs name  a request that was rejected by a bench led by the chief justice misra.
the bench said the government is within its rights to send back a name for reconsideration.
a petition was filed by senior lawyer indira jaising, which said appointments have now become a matter concerning the independence of judiciary.
jaising told the court that the government was stalling justice josephs elevation because as chief justice of the uttarakhand high court, he had quashed the imposition of presidents rule in uttarakhand in 2016, leading to the reinstatement of the congress party government led by harish rawat.
the congress has made a similar allegation.
on wednesday, the law minister said the charges levelled against the government by the congress party in particular and others in general that justice josephs appointment had been stalled because of his uttarakhand verdict amounted to sponsored allegations.
i wish to deny with all authority at my command.
it has nothing to do with that at all, prasad told reporters at a cabinet briefing.
prasad noted that a bharatiya janata party government was elected with a three-fourths majority last year.
and justice josephs order was confirmed by justice j s khehar of the supreme court, who had also set aside the national judicial appointments commission act; yet khehar became cji under the nda government, prasad said.
the law minister said the right of the government to seek a reconsideration of proposals made by the collegium is granted to it by the supreme court judgements of 1993, 1998 and 2015 relating to the collegium system.
on former cji rm lodhas remarks that the independence of the judiciary is under challenge and should be non-negotiable, prasad said that he did not want to comment on observations made by a retired judge.
i always felt that independence of judiciary is non-negotiable and it is for the cji, who is the leader of the court, to take them forward.
only one thing i would like to observe is the commitment of this government for the independence of the judiciary and respect for the institution of judiciary and the judges is complete and uncompromising, he added.
the centre was firmly behind the victims of triple talaq, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in new delhi on thursday.
he added that while india respected freedom of religion and faith, discriminatory practices could not be held an integral part of it and protected.
prasad cited the practice of untouchability to assert that religious practices needed to be in accordance with the constitutional values and emphasised that gender justice, gender equality and gender dignity were at the core of the governments priority.
can, in a secular country like india, a big chunk of women be forced to live in a state of vulnerability, he asked.
prasad said the government was firmly behind the victims of triple talaq.
now, talaq is being given on whatsapp.
.
.
is this vulnerability permissible in our constitution, he asked.
the bjp leader pointed out that many countries, including iran, morocco, egypt, tunisia, indonesia, afghanistan, bangladesh and pakistan, had abolished the practice.
these are islamic countries and they have regulated triple talaq, which has not been found to be violative of sharia law (personal law), he said.
the law minister was responding to a series of questions on triple talaq and the centres stand on the issue in the supreme court.
actor-turned politician shatrughan sinhas wife poonam sinha joined samajwadi party on tuesday.
shatrughan, a two-time bjp lawmaker from patna sahib, had recently joined the congress.
dimple yadav, wife of samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav, welcomed ponnam sinha into the party.
poonam sinha is likely to be sps candidate for the lucknow seat to take on union home minister rajnath singh.
when asked about her candidature from lucknow, poonam sinha avoided direct reply saying, will tell you tomorrow.
on being asked whether she would be contesting against rajnath singh, she said, koi baat nahi, acchi tarah se ladenge (it does not matter.
i will fight strongly).
poonam sinha is likely to file nomination on april 18.
poonam sinha ji will be the sp-bsp-rld candidate from lucknow.
she will file nomination on april 18.
we appeal to the congress that do not field your candidate from here so that bjp can be defeated, ravidas mehrotra, senior sp leader, was quoted as saying by news agency ani.
also read: would have loved to contest against pm modi: shatrughan sinharajnath singh filed his nomination from the lucknow lok sabha seat on tuesday.
lucknow is going to polls on may 6 along with a total of 51 constituencies across seven states in the fifth phase of the lok sabha election.
shatrughan sinha joined the congress on april 6.
just a few hours later, the congress has named sinha as its candidate from the patna sahib constituency against union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who is the bjp nominee from this seat.
shatrughan sinha, who has announced he will soon join the congress party, launched another attack on the prime minister as he addressed narendra modi as honble outgoing sirji.
this time, shatrughan sinha in his usual style criticised the speeches of prime minister modi and said they lack lack content and depth and have become highly repetitive and irritating.
shatrughan sinha has announced that he will be quitting the bharatiya janata party and will be joining the congress on april 6.
his decision was finalised after a meeting with rahul gandhi in new delhi last week.
honble outgoing sirji.
why are you wasting so much money on different channels and on the paid and choreographed crowd who chant your name at any given time - during, before & after your speeches on the signal of the conductors, the actor-turned-politician tweeted on tuesday.
your rhetorics/speeches lack content and depth these days and have gone to the extent of becoming highly repetitive and irritating.
sirji, i still remain your well wisher despite your evm misuse and in-spite of all your arrogance.
my humble suggestion for you at this eleventh hour would be to become straight and go straight sinha wrote.
the two-time sitting bjp member of parliament from patna lok sabha seat has been a vocal critic of the narendra modi government for the past couple of years.
he has been sidelined in the bjp, which replaced him with union minister ravishankarprasad prasad as the lok sabha candidate from patna sahib constituency.
painfully.
.
.
.
on the way out of bjp.
.
.
.
but hopefully in the best direction under the dynamic leadership of my dear friend lalu yadav and the desirable, most talked about leader from the nehru gandhi family.
.
.
the true family of nation builders, he tweeted after a meeting with congress president rahul gandhi on march 28.
a private bus ferrying 48 women employees of a private firm overturned after colliding with a truck at an intersection near the fruits and vegetables market in noida phase 2, close to the kent ro systems factory, at around 5.
30am on saturday.
seven of the passengers, all of whom were women, were admitted to the intensive care unit of kailash hospital in noida, where their condition is stated to be out of danger.
an fir has been registered in the matter against the driver of the truck.
the bus was going towards the factory of motherson sumi systems, located in noida phase 2.
according to the police, the rear end of the bus was allegedly hit by a truck which was coming from the right side.
police said the impact of the collision was so strong that the bus turned on its side.
the driver of the bus, ravishankarprasad , submitted a complaint against the driver of the truck, vikram singh, a native of kangra, himachal pradesh.
the truck came from the right side in high speed and hit our bus on the rear end, after which the vehicle turned on its side.
most of the women in the bus were injured in the accident.
we informed the police and company officials and they rushed us to various hospitals, shankar, who was also injured in the accident, said.
most of the injured persons were taken to the chaudhari hospital in phase 2 while 11 severely injured passengers were admitted to the kailash hospital in sector 27.
barring the seven under observation in the icu, most of the patients have been discharged.
the bus was ferrying the employees from their respective homes; their shift was to begin from 6am and end at 2pm.
the bus service was provided by the company to pick up and drop female employees.
the bus service was hired from an agency.
all the medical expenses of the injured employees will be taken care of by the company.
we were immediately informed about the incident after which we rushed to the spot.
all the employees are out of danger and we will take care of all their needs.
our staff from the human resource department is at the hospital to take care of the injured persons and their family members, spokesperson of motherson sumi systems said.
the patients injured in the bus accident were brought to our hospital at around 6.
30 am.
many more came till round 12pm.
seven of them are recuperating in the icu but everybody is out of danger.
appropriate medical attention has been given to the patients, vb joshi, spokesperson, kailash hospital, said.
the phase 2 police have registered a case of section 279 (rash driving or riding on a public way), 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others), 427 (mischief causing damage to the amount of fifty rupees) and 338 (causing grievous hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) of the indian penal code.
we have registered a case against the truck driver under various sections of indian penal code.
the injured persons were rushed to nearby hospitals and no casualty has taken place.
the complaint was submitted by the bus driver, farmood ali pundir, station house officer, phase 2 police station, said.
law and information technology (it) minister ravishankarprasad prasad, on monday, told the unique identification authority of india (uidai) to seek the cooperation of the tribune newspaper and its journalist rachna khaira in investigating the security breach in aadhaar data that they had reported on january 3.
the publication had reported last week that its journalist was able to track down people offering access to the aadhar data for 500.
on january 7, the uidai reportedly filed a case against the journalist and three others named in her report, leading to widespread criticism.
after his call to uidai ceo ajay bhushan pandey, the minister tweeted: govt is fully committed to freedom of press as well as to maintaining security & sanctity of #aadhaar for indias development.
fir is against unknown.
ive suggested @uidai to request tribune & its journalist to give all assistance to police in investigating real offenders.
an official in prasads office said, he spoke with dr pandey.
the idea is that the freedom of the press should not be compromised and access to information should not be scuttled.
the uidai responded to the tweet by saying its officials will write to the newspaper and its reporter seeking assistance.
the intervention comes when the government is working on a cyber security ecosystem and a data protection law.
the national democratic alliance (nda) government on thursday asked the supreme court collegium to reconsider its recommendation that uttarakhand chief justice km joseph be elevated to the top court, triggering accusations by political rivals and a section of the legal fraternity that it is undermining the independence of the judiciary.
it is also the latest potential flashpoint between the executive and the apex court.
judges to the supreme court are appointed by a panel of the courts top five judges who make up the collegium, which on thursday received an explanation from the government over why joseph should not be elevated.
the collegium now has the option to reiterate its choice or scrap the recommendation.
read : not elevating km joseph to sc exposes pm modis revenge politics: congressthe proposed appointment of justice km joseph at this stage does not appear to be appropriate.
it would also not be fair and justified to other more senior, suitable, and deserving chief justice and senior judges of various high courts, said law minister ravishankarprasad prasad in a letter to chief justice dipak misra.
the letter said the proposal that the collegium reconsider josephs name had the president and prime ministers approval.
in proposing the name of justice joseph, the government said, the collegium had not followed the principle of seniority.
in the all-india high court judges seniority list, justice joseph is placed at 42.
there are presently 11 chief justices who are senior to him, prasad wrote.
the government also listed regional representation and caste diversity as other reasons to return justice josephs name.
high courts of calcutta, rajasthan, gujarat, chhattisgarh, jharkhand, jammu and kashmir and uttrakahand and some smaller high courts are not represented in the supreme court, said the letter.
why govt sent back the sc proposal 1) principle of seniority not observed by the supreme court collegium.
in all-india seniority list of high court judges, justice joseph is placed at 42.
eleven chief justices of different high courts are senior to justice joseph.
2) justice josephs appointment to sc will take the number of judges in the top court from kerala to 2, which is disproportionate for a small state like kerala.
3) there is no sc/st judge in the supreme court.
4) other high courts  like calcutta, rajasthan, gujarat, jharkhand  are not represented in the supreme court.
late on wednesday, the government took the unusual step of clearing one appointment suggested by the collegium while holding back on that of joseph, both of which had been suggested in january.
the splitting of names  several judges are often appointed together to ensure they have seniority at par  has in the past sparked angry exchanges between the executive and the courts.
the name cleared was that of indu malhotra, a senior advocate who, when she is sworn in on friday, will become the first woman to be directly appointed to the supreme court from the bar.
a number of supreme court lawyers urged the top court to put on hold malhotras appointment and direct the government to clear josephs name  a request that was rejected by a bench led by the chief justice misra.
the bench said the government is within its right to send back a name for reconsideration.
we (the supreme court collegium) will deal with it in accordance with supreme court judgments and constitution, said the court.
supposing the government is sending it for reconsideration, it will be seen.
you are saying stay the warrant (of malhotras appointment).
it is unthinkable, unconscionable, unimaginable, and if i may add never heard before, said misra.
the petition, filed by senior lawyer indira jaising, said the appointments have now become a matter concerning the independence of judiciary.
jaising told the court that the government is stalling justice josephs appointment as a judge of the supreme court because as chief justice of uttarakhand high court he had quashed imposition of presidents rule in uttrakhand.
on thursday morning, the congress party accused prime minister narendra modi of suffocating the judiciary.
indian judiciary is in danger.
and if our judiciary is not united to protect its independence then democracy is in danger.
.
.
.
they want to pack high courts with their own people, senior congress leader kapil sibal said at a press conference.
the judiciary is under the most vicious attack ever and totalitarianism will stump democracy if the nation does not rise now, congress communications in-charge randeep surjewala alleged in a twitter post.
pm modis revenge politics qua judiciary and conspiratorial suffocation of supreme court exposed again, surjewala wrote said on twitter.
yet modi government refuses to clear his elevation to sc as retribution for quashing presidential rule in uttarakhand?
.
the law minister rejected the opposition partys allegation.
the congress party has no moral authority or stand to ask questions about dignity of the judiciary from us.
the whole record of congress party is littered with repeated instances as to how the judiciary of india was supposed to be compromised, prasad told news agency ani.
a mob, enraged over an objectionable comment on facebook, vandalised a police station in azamgarh in uttar pradesh on saturday, demanding action against the arrested youth under the national security act (nsa).
the incident happened in sarai mir police station on saturday after the youth posted the comment against a religion on the social networking platform a day earlier.
enraged locals barged into the police station and indulged in heavy stone pelting, damaging a police vehicle on saturday noon, police said.
nizamabad sub-divisional magistrate, vagish kumar shukla sustained injury in his leg during the incident.
nizamabad circle officer, ravishankarprasad singh said the situation had been brought under control.
a heavy police force was deployed in the town to avoid any untoward incident.
the police had arrested the youth on friday itself.
however, locals in large numbers reached sarai mir police station at around 10am on saturday and started shouting slogans demanding action against the youth under the nsa.
police officers at police station tried to pacify the crowd, saying that the youth had been arrested.
more locals joined the crowd.
then cops informed senior authorities about it.
subsequently, circle officer ravishankarprasad prasad and sdm vagish kumar shukla along with a heavy police force reached the police station.
not paying any heed to the request made by the cops, the angry mob barged into the police station and created ruckus there.
the police used tear gas shells and mild force to disperse the crowd.
the bjp on tuesday hit back at congress president rahul gandhi for his speech in bahrain, critical of the indian government , terming it irresponsible and saying that it was the congress that spread hatred in the country for the longest period.
addressing non resident indians at a meeting of global organisation of people of indian origin (gopio) at manama in bahrain on monday, gandhi blamed the bjp-led national democratic alliance government for dividing people on the basis of caste and religion and alleged that it was converting the anger of jobless youth into hatred between communities.
gandhi said the conversation in india was not about jobs, healthcare, or education; but what you are allowed to eat, who is allowed to protest, and what we can say or rather what we cannot say.
taking exception to gandhis criticism of india on foreign soil, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a briefing at the bjp hq in the capital that it was expected of the congress chief that he would not harp on political differences and spread hatred in a foreign country as he did in india.
the bjp strongly condemns rahul gandhis irresponsible utterances.
.
.
.
he is spreading hatred among people, prasad added.
he referred to the triple talaq bill, whose passage the congress had stalled in the rajya sabha and accused the congress of failing to take a stand on an issue of womans respect and justice.
the congress didnt facilitate the passage of the bill, which criminalises the practice of instant divorce among muslims.
it maintains that it supports the bill but wants specific provisions discussed by a committee of parliamentarians.
in his speech, gandhi claimed job creation in india was at an eight-year low.
the congress leader added that new investments are the lowest they have been in 13 years, bank credit growth has sunk to a 63 year low and arbitrary decisions such as last years demonetisation had dealt a crippling blow to indias overall growth.
.
.
instead of focusing the attention of our people on what is critical, the removal of poverty, job creation and the building of a world class education system, we see instead a rise in the forces of hatred and division, he said.
asserting that joining the congress was not an overnight decision, shatrughan sinha has said he is hopeful of a long-term association with the party as he is a loyalist who doesnt do things in josh (impulsively) but hosh (consciously).
sinha also hit out at prime minister narendra modi for decisions such as demonetisation, implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), and asked him to come clean on the rafale deal issue.
why dont you (modi) come out and give a clarification (on rafale).
if you come forward and answer the questions raised on the rafale deal, will your 56 inches chest become six inches, he told pti in an interview after joining the congress.
on being fielded by the congress from patna sahib, sinha said he has the blessings of the people who fondly call him bihari babu.
asked if the bihari babu will make hat-trick of wins from patna sahib, the actor-turned-politician said: hope, wish and pray.
the moment you ask people who is shatrughan sinha, people will say he is from patna, he is our bihari babu, he said.
asked about his impending electoral battle with senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad, sinha said he regards him as a family friend and has respect for him.
he (prasad) has four years in rajya sabha and some people may think he is fighting safe but even if he is fighting safe, so what.
my best wishes to ravishankarprasad prasad ji.
let the best man win.
but when i say this, it is for the people of patna to decide.
let them finalise it, he said.
on taking on the bjps formidable election machinery, sinha said: i need not worry.
.
.
the peoples blessings and their confidence counts more to me.
sinha, who has been critical of prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shahs leadership for long, joined the congress on saturday.
asked if it was a long-term association and commitment he had sealed with the congress, sinha said: havent i stayed with the bharatiya janata party (bjp) despite ifs and buts, and hiccups and road blocks over more than 25 years.
havent i been by their side since they had just two seats in lok sabha.
i am a loyalist, i am a friend, i dont take things overnight and dont leave things overnight.
he said he has always held the congress and the nehru-gandhi family in high-esteem.
sinha said that in his book anything but khamosh, he has stated that former prime minister indira gandhi was very fond of him and he always used to get affection from her.
i have written in my book that had she been alive, i would have been in the congress party only and not in any other party.
i have always held the nehru-gandhi family and congress in very high esteem, he said.
sinha asserted that even when he was a loyal, staunch supporter of the bjp, he never uttered a word against former congress president sonia gandhi and the nehru-gandhi family.
i see them as nation builders.
that family has contributed so much to the country, he said.
on joining the congress with a vision to serve in the long term, he said: hope so.
i dont do things overnight.
i dont do things in josh but hosh.
i have been thinking over it, observing and watching bjp peoples behaviour or rather ill behaviour, their performance or rather non-performance.
i have been seeing the bjps democratic system turn into an autocratic system.
gone our the days of collective decision.
it is certainly not the party of atal bihari vajpayee because you see what is happening to people like advani ji and others murli manohar joshi, yashwant sinha, arun shourie, he said.
lk advani was among several veteran bjp leaders who were dropped from their parliamentary seats this time by the party.
it seemed that the bjp decided to do so to ease out several of its old guards from electoral politics after keeping them out of government by introducing an age bar of 75 years.
as far as i am concerned.
.
.
they say either my way or the highway, i say id rather go the best way to the best party, the 73-year-old leader said.
he also heaped praises on congress president rahul gandhi.
he is a dynamic, tried, tested and successful leader and the face and future of india, sinha said.
he (rahul) does what he says and says what he does,he said.
asked if his fight from patna sahib this time is the biggest political challenge of his career, sinha said: not really.
i have got full faith in my people --people of patna sahib and the family of bihar.
they are also very fond of me and say im their bihari babu.
.
.
so this time also peoples blessings are there with me, he said.
sinha said though he would be campaigning against many of his former colleagues in the bjp, there were some he would not campaign against as with them he had a bond of once a friend, always a friend.
of the eight parliamentary constituencies that go to polls on may 19 in bihar, all eyes will be on four of them where union ministers will face a tough battle to retain their seats.
the remaining 32 seats in the state have polled over the previous six phases of the ongoing general elections.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, minister of state for rural development ram kripal yadav, minister of state for health and family welfare ashwani choubey and minister of state (independent charge) for power raj kumar singh will contest from patna sahib, pataliputra, buxar and arrah.
these seats are crucial for the national democratic alliance (nda), as it had won all of them in the last general election in 2014  the alliance had won 26 out of 40 seats.
follow live updates herelalu prasads rashtriya janata dal, which won 18 out of 48 assembly constituencies falling within these eight lok sabha seats with the help of its allies, in the 2015 assembly elections, will attempt to stop the bjps juggernaut.
ravi shankar prasad is pitted against former bjp leader and sitting member of parliament shatrughan sinha, who moved to the congress ticket shortly before the elections.
patna sahib has been a bjp stronghold for more than two decades, with shatrughan sinha, representing the seat twice from 2009.
this is prasads debut election  he has been a bjp rajya sabha mp since 2012.
ram kripal yadav will contest against rjd leader lalu prasads daughter and rajya sabha mp misa bharti at patliputra.
ashok kumar azad chandervanshi of the hindustani awam morcha (secular)  part of the grand alliance of congress, rjd and rashtriya lok samta party in the state  will fight incumbent kaushalendra kumar of the jd (u) in cm nitish kumars home turf of nalanda.
rashtriya lok samata party chief upendra kushwaha, who walked out of the nda recently, will contest mahabali singh of jd (u) in karakat.
former speaker meira kumar, daughter of late jagjiwan ram, will contest from sasaram.
terming media reports of large scale job losses in the information technology industry as highly exaggerated and unfounded, union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on tuesday employment prospects for the sector was encouraging as flagship schemes such as digital india gain momentum.
a rise in protectionism and visa restrictions in countries such as united states and australia have dimmed job prospects for indian software professionals.
but foreign companies are still banking on the competitive edge of the countrys computer programmers.
indias domestic it market offers strong prospects for industry growth even if global markets were to face challenges, prasad said in a statement.
indian it sector employment prospects, both in the near and long-term are expected to be broadly positive and encouraging for the future.
india it companies currently serve two thirds of the fortune 500 companies and have created 40-lakh direct jobs in india.
while reports peg the job losses in big it companies at about 60,000, prasad said it was highly exaggerated.
nasscom recently said most layoffs were linked to performance, impacting only 0.
5 - 3  of the total it workforce.
citing nasscom projections, the minister said the industry continues to be a net hirer.
nasscom has forecast 2.
5 - 3 million new jobs will be created by 2025.
it added 1,70,000 new jobs in 2016-17.
the it industry added 600,000 in last three years and today, boasts of a total employee base of 3.
9 million, prasad said.
highlighting the survey of staffing firm teamlease, prasad said it sector hiring sentiment is positive and is up by 4  in october 2016 to march 2017.
e-commerce and technology startup sector hiring sentiments has increased by 2 , with projected 14.
94  job growth, teamlease said.
another recruitment firm randstad projected a cumulative growth rate of 9  job growth in the it and it-enabled services market.
prasad hopes the indian technology startup sector would offer strong and growing employment prospects to indian it professionals.
according to nasscom, in 2016, indian technology startups employed 95,000-100,000 it professionals across more than 4,750 startups.
indias total software product market grew by 9.
5  to $7 billion in 2016-17, with exports growing 7.
8  to $2.
3 billion.
indias overall domestic it and business process management (bpm) sector is estimated to grow 8.
5  to $37 billion in 2017.
in villages, community service centres (cscs) generated 10 lakh local level employment by way of village level entrepreneurs, prasad said.
the it ministry has come up with india bpo promotion scheme with an aim to provide employment to 1.
45 lakh persons, mostly in the small towns.
in telecom sector, prasad said 72 new mobile manufacturing units started in the last 30 months and created 1 lakh direct and 3 lakh indirect jobs in india.
all major brands like apple and samsung in the ict sector are manufacturing or ready to manufacture in india.
there are 36 candidates in the fray for three assembly segments -- noida, dadri and jewar -- in gautam bud nagar district that will go to polls on saturday.
over 12.
86 lakh eligible voters will decide the fate of these candidates for the three seats in the district.
there are 14 candidates each for noida and dadri constituencies and eight candidates are contesting for the jewar assembly seat.
there are only two woman candidates -- shakila from dadri and sumit vaid dixit from jewar -- contesting for the three assembly seats.
for the convenience of voters, the district administration has given the address of a website and telephone numbers for knowing their polling booth.
to know your polling booth, log on to http://www.
nvsp.
in and click on know your booth and to get the details on phone, send eci (space) epic number to 166 or 51969.
the voter will get an sms reply giving his serial number and polling centre.
in a handout, the district election officer said those who did not receive their voter slips could cast their vote by showing one of 12 identify proofs at the polling booth.
the identity proofs include voter id card, passport, driving licence, pan card, bank passbook, photo identity card, pension card, aadhar card, mnrega job card, health insurance smartcard, npr smartcard and an identity card issued by mp/mla.
in noida, the bjp has fielded pankaj singh, son of union home minister rajnath singh.
the other main contestants are sunil choudhary of sp-congress alliance and bsps ravikant mishra.
bjp president amit shah, up bjp president keshav prasad maurya, union urban development minister venkaiah naidu, minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad, power minister piyush goyal, minister of state for heavy industries and public enterprises babul supriyo, minister of state for human resource development mahendra nath pandey, former uttarakhand chief minister ramesh pokhriyal nishank, mps kirron kher and udit raj visited noida to support pankaj singh.
the union minister of state for information and broadcasting rajyavardhan singh rathore and northeast delhi mp manoj tiwari held a road show in support of the bjp candidate in noida on the last day of campaigning on thursday.
for bsp, only party general secretary nasimuddin siddiqui held a rally at sector 39 community centre on january 24.
congress leaders ghulam nabi azad held a rally at dadri and up state congress president raj babbar also held a road show in dadri.
national cyber security chief gulshan rai told a parliamentary panel this week that india hasnt made concerted efforts to confront the management of popular social media platforms such as facebook and whatsapp amid growing fears of misuse of user data.
rai said this at a meeting of the parliamentary standing committee on information technology, which discussed privacy issues and data breach in the wake of the cambridge analytica scandal.
the panel, headed by bharatiya janata party (bjp) parliamentarian anurag thakur, wanted to know if facebook can be summoned and held accountable for any data breach of indian users.
the question is whether we can enforce legal provisions.
i think we can.
top management is located somewhere.
what matters is how to enforce our own legal provisions, rai said.
when thakur asked rai if the government can restrict exposure of personal data on social media platforms, rai said: we have also not made concerted efforts till now to confront these managements.
we are moving in the direction, and we expect to resolve it considering the size of the market.
we have sufficient clout, he added.
the panel expressed concern about whether indian users are adequately protected by the terms of service agreements.
union home secretary rajiv gauba made a presentation on privacy issues and said these must be addressed by the governments data governance policy.
gauba and rai pointed out that after the media coverage of the cambridge analytica leak, many social media management have redesigned their terms of agreement for users.
rai said india was among the first 12 countries to have law on information technology and related privacy issues.
cyber security and privacy became a riveting subject after whistleblower christopher wylie alleged in march that facebook had leaked data of 87 million users to london-based consultancy firm cambridge analytica .
wylie also alleged that cambridge analytica had been hired to carry out political campaigns in india, saying the firm compiled a database of over 600 districts and 700,000 villages.
responding to wylies revelations, information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad issued a warning to faceook founder and chief executive officer mark zuckerberg.
we have got stringent power in the it act, we shall use it, including summoning you in india, prasad had said.
there have been many occasions when the fissiparous tendencies of indian political parties and their members willingness to abandon loyalties and adjust principles have made me wonder whether the party system can survive in indian democracy.
in britain over the last month i have witnessed strains in british democracy, which amount to a civil war within the two main parties, labour and conservative, over the arrangements to be made for leaving europe.
the conservative foreign minister boris johnson has written a newspaper article telling the conservative prime minister theresa may her plan for exiting from europe is crazy.
but she has so little control over the war, which has spread to her cabinet, that she didnt feel secure enough to take any action over this open flouting of her authority.
there are revolts too against the labour party leader jeremy corbyn.
both parties are divided on the issue of whether britain should retain a customs link with europe.
may wants a link but her opponents say that would be a denial of the peoples voice, which they maintain spoke for a total break with europe.
now the very validity of the brexit vote is being challenged on two fronts.
new evidence released by the us congress suggests that adverts targeted at british facebook users paid for in russian roubles by the irish republican army, the ira, were released in the run-up to the referendum.
the british electoral commission has also found the accounts of the leave eu campaign reveal it was guilty of multiple breaches of the electoral law, the commission has referred its chief executive to the police.
these two question marks hanging over the british referendum lead me back to indian politics.
the information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad has warned that india too could face problems similar to britains problem with facebook, which would undermine indian elections and issued this threat: in the wake of recent data theft from facebook let my warning be heard across the atlantic far away in california.
any covert or overt attempt to misuse social media, including facebook, to influence indias electoral processes through undesirable means will neither be tolerated nor permitted.
but is ravishankarprasad prasad overestimating his power to reach across oceans?
personal experience suggests he is having difficulty in controlling what is happening in his own backyard.
social media are most frequently misused by posting fake news.
for several years now two fake despatches, purported to have been written by me have been appearing and still are appearing in e-mail in-boxes.
one despatch is an offensive attack on sonia gandhi and the other is an over-the-top endorsement of narendra modi.
when he was information and broadcasting minister venkaiah naidu rang me to ask whether i had written the modi despatch.
i denied it and complained that although i had made several representations to the government there was no evidence of any action having been taken.
the minister replied: we are having a problem with fake news too.
pratik sinha of the anti-propaganda site alt news has told me that the government has taken no action against fake news beyond putting out a circular, which was seen as threatening journalists.
alt news has documented 13 examples of fake news relating to the karnataka election.
amit malviya, head of the bjp its cell admitted there was an impression that political parties put out fake news but he maintained his party did not falsify news.
when i asked him why then there was so much fake news on social media he replied: there are enough statutes to prevent this.
there is a need for better enforcement, and a higher level of awareness and responsibility.
whatever the need, there is no doubt that fake news has been undermining the fairness of both india and britains electoral processes.
as for the fraudulent accounting in the british referendum, it is estimated contestants in the karnataka elections spent rs 10,000 crore.
how many crore were accounted for?
prime minister narendra modi on friday interacted with 26-year-old misba hashmi of yamunanagar and praised her for helping people avail government schemes by running a common service centre (csc) at her native village buria.
the pm talked to misba and two beneficiaries of her csc via video-conference and asked her to continue her service to people.
talking to hindustan times, misba said, it was like a dream come true.
i never thought that the pm will interact with me and appreciate my work.
during the 7-minute interaction, modi asked her to explain how she helped people and how they are benefited under the digital india initiative.
he also praised misba for using the technology to provide medical assistance to women.
she told the pm that she has also started manufacturing sanitary napkins and has employed seven women.
modi assured her that he will have a selfie with her under the selfie with daughter campaign whenever he will visit haryana.
i congratulate you from my heart for the work you are doing for the people of your village especially, women.
the pm also interacted with meenu, who works as a domestic help in yamunanagar, and has learnt how to make online payments from misba .
another beneficiary of misbas csc, shokat ali, told the pm that he had applied for financial assistance under indira awas yojana with the help of the centre and it was approved.
later, the prime minister also tweeted a video of his interaction with misba.
misba, who has done btech in 2013, told ht that she decided to start csc in november 2014 to help people avail government schemes.
though my family and friends wanted me to apply for a job, i set up the centre to educate people digitally.
she said that on thursday, union minister for electronics and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad interacted with her over phone and informed her that the pm will talk to her on friday.
misbas father mohammad irshad is a contractor and her mother sahida bano is a retired government teacher.
misba has also attended several seminars and conferences under the digital india campaign.
the congress on thursday demanded the resignations of defence minister nirmala sitharaman and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, a day after the supreme court ruled it would consider information based on leaked official documents while deciding the merits of review petitions against its december 2018 verdict rejecting a court-monitored probe into the rs 59,000 crore rafale jet fighter deal.
the order of the supreme court in the rafale review petition case is a huge rebuff to the central government, which raised the specious plea of `stolen documents.
we demand the resignation of the defence and law ministers who authorised the plea of stolen documents, senior congress leader and former finance minister p chidambaram tweeted.
his party colleague, abhishek manu singhvi, alleged that the modi government had made lies, falsehood, deceit, treachery and fakery the foundation of its defence in the rafale deal.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has refused to comment on the matter.
addressing reporters at the congress headquarters in delhi, singhvi said, their defenceless defence minister and lawless law ministers fallacious arguments and bogus spins could not save the day for them after the supreme court order to hear the rafale case afresh based on new evidences and documents.
from day one, singhvi alleged, the modi government has lied in the supreme court.
the modi government mischievously lied to the supreme court when they said that the cag [comptroller and auditor general] report on the rafales pricing had been made public and examined by the public accounts committee, a statement that was denied swiftly by pac chairman mallikarajun kharge, he claimed.
a whopping 40.
54 lakh cases are pending across the country in 24 high courts which are also grappling with almost 44  shortage of judges, at a time when the judiciary and executive have differed over appointment of judges in the higher judiciary.
these astonishing figures have cropped up in the indian judiciary annual report 2015-2016 issued by the supreme court, according to which out of a total sanctioned strength of 1,079 judges for the high courts, only 608 judges are working, as per the data compiled till june 30 last year.
this shortage amounts to 43.
65  of the total sanctioned strength of high court judges, the data showed.
out of the total 40.
54 lakh cases pending in all the high courts as on june 30 last year, 29,31,352 were civil cases and 11,23,178 criminal matters, while 7,43,191 matters are over a decade old.
appointment of judges in the higher judiciary has been a bone of contention between the two agencies.
while the apex court has told the government that it cannot bring judiciary to a grinding halt by not appointing high court judges, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on thursday that the government has so far appointed 126 judges, the highest since 1990, and in high courts about 131 additional judges have been confirmed.
the worst affected among the high courts is the allahabad high court which has been functioning with less than half the sanctioned judges strength, leading to the amassing of over 9.
24 lakh pending cases, the highest among all the high courts in the country, of which 3,09,634 cases are over 10-year-old.
this high court had only 78 judges out of sanctioned strength of 160, as per the figures in the 298-page report of the apex court.
the second high court having the maximum number of pending cases is the madras high court which had 3,02,846 pendency but the institution had only 38 judges out of its sanctioned strength of 75.
the bombay high court is facing a pendency of 2,98,263 cases out of which 53,511 matters are over 10-year-old.
this court has 64 judges working out of the sanctioned strength of 94, the data showed.
in terms of percentage, chhattisgarh high court is among the worst affected as it has around 37 per cent judges compared to its sanctioned strength -- eight out of 22, and a pendency of 54,094 cases.
actor-politician shatrughan sinha, who has announced that he is quitting the bjp, on sunday said he decided to go with the congress as it was a national party in the true sense and family friend lalu prasad also advised him to do so.
he said leaders such as trinamool chief mamata banerjee, samajwadi party supremo akhilesh yadav and aam aadmi party (aap) national convener arvind kejriwal, among others, wanted him to join their respective parties, but he had made it clear that whatever be the situation, the constituency he would be contesting in the lok sabha polls would be patna sahib.
the actor-turned-politician, who has been criticising the modi government for long, said it was painful for him to leave the bjp with which he has had such a long association, but was disturbed at the treatment meted out by the party to stalwarts such as l k advani, murli manohar joshi, arun shourie and yashwant sinha.
the bjp has not fielded party veterans advani and joshi in the lok sabha polls.
in an exclusive interview to pti, sinha said he had won from patna sahib in 2014 on his own merit, without support from the party and feels that this time he could break his previous records in terms of victory.
he slammed the bjps leadership of prime minister narendra modi and party chief amit shah saying earlier there was lokshahi (democracy) and now there is tanashahi (dictatorship) in the party.
there used to be collective decision during atal (bihari vajpayee) jis time.
there was democracy in the true sense.
but now, there is the case of one-man show and two-man army, said the 73-year-old leader, who is in muscat where he is being honoured as a cinematic legend.
asked why he decided to go with the congress, sinha said there were several reasons such as it is the grand old party which has had great leaders like mahatma gandhi, vallabhbhai patel, jawaharlal nehru, and those of the nehru-gandhi family.
the party also has a great contribution in the countrys freedom movement, the sitting mp from patna sahib said, adding another reason was that it is a national party in the true sense.
our family friend (rjd chief) lalu prasad also suggested you go there (to the congress).
we are there with you and will be together politically also.
it was done with his (lalu prasads) permission and in agreement with him, said sinha, who won the patna sahib seat back to back in 2009 and 2014 parliamentary polls.
he said an important factor is that the patna sahib seat has gone to the congress quota in the mahagathbandhan (grand alliance) seat sharing and he had said that whatever be the situation, the constituency for him fighting the polls would be the same.
many people like (tmc chief) mamata banerjee, (sp president) akhilesh yadav, and (delhi chief minister) arvind kejriwal among others, wanted me to be in their party.
but i had to come to this place because i had said that whatever be the situation, the location will be the same, sinha said, adding that the congress was a great party.
on claims by bjp leaders that he got votes in patna due to the party, the former union minister said, i would like to say that in the last election it was not just modi leher (wave) but modi qahar (destruction) on certain seats like we saw shahnawaz hussain losing from bhagalpur.
arun jaitley had a humiliating defeat.
sinha said he purposely did not call top bjp leaders such as friend, philosopher, guide advani, joshi, yashwant sinha, sushma swaraj, rajnath singh in the 2014 polls for campaigning.
i did not even call my own daughter sonakshi sinha so that people dont get to say things.
i won on merit, on principles, without anybodys support or help.
they (the bjp) did not give me the help they were giving to other candidates, they did not give me any help, he alleged.
despite the modi leher or qahar in the entire country, by the grace of the people of patna, in my victory, i had the highest vote share percentage in the country, sinha said.
asked how he sees the impending clash with senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad on the patna sahib seat, sinha said the union minister is like a family friend and he has respect for him.
asserting that he doesnt want to comment on personalities as he has only spoken about issues, sinha said, for ravishankarprasad prasad i can only convey my best wishes.
after all, the people of patna will decide.
we will accept the verdict.
i have a feeling that by the grace of god and with great support from the people, i could be breaking my previous records also in terms of victory.
he also hailed rahul gandhis leadership qualities, saying the congress president is a man to be watched for his vision and dynamism.
the way he has taken up issues boldly, he has proved himself and in one year as as congress president he has won three states despite evms and many hurdles.
he is the originator of the most popular slogan -- chowkidar chor hai, sinha said.
on whether gandhi could be the next prime minister, sinha said it all depends on the blessings of the people the number of seats congress gets.
rahul gandhi has all the capabilities, he added.
sinha alleged that the bjp had been threatening him for long that it will take action against him.
i kept on reminding them that every action has an equal and opposite reaction.
they have taken so-called action (of not giving ticket), so it is high time for an appropriate reaction, sinha said.
sinha met rahul gandhi here last week and is set to join the congress on april 6.
the maharashtra police claim to have unearthed separate maoists plots to purportedly assassinate prime minister narendra modi in a rajiv gandhi-type incident during one of his road shows and targeting state chief minister devendra fadnavis for initiating operations against rebels.
in a submission before a local court on thursday, the pune police said it had found a letter in the computer of delhi-based activist rona jacob wilson, one of the five accused of inciting violence in bhima koregaon, detailing a plan to kill the pm.
the letter addressed to one comrade prakash by another person identified by the letter r, and sent last april, raised concerns over the modi-led bjp winning 15 states and talks of procuring weapons and ammunition worth rs 8 crore.
we are thinking along the lines of another rajiv gandhi-type incident, the letter read, adding, targeting his (modis) road shows could be an effective strategy.
public prosecutor ujjwala pawar told the court that the letter revealed a plot to kill someone and did not name any leader.
punes joint commissioner of police ravindra kadam said the letter is one of the documents found by the pune police team.
also read: plot to assassinate pm modi?
maoists letter suggests rajiv gandhi-type incident, say policereacting to the police claim, justice (retired) bg kolse patil, a member of elgar parishad that organised the bhima koregaon event on january 1, said: the government wants to crush the voices which are opposing them.
he got the backing of union social justice minister and dalit leader ramdas athawale who said the parishad had no maoist connection.
defence counsel tosif c shaikh, who appeared for two of the five suspects, said case against arrested persons is fabricated.
the police by selectively leaking letters are trying to create a fabricated case against the five persons.
both the congress and the bjp sought an investigation into the matter while home minister rajnath singh said the government is serious about the pms security and that the maoists were fighting a losing battle.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad termed the reported plot to kill modi as disturbing and expressed hope that a prompt investigation would expose the conspiracy.
congress chief spokesperson randeep singh surjewala tweeted: terrorism, naxalism and extremism are unacceptable.
.
.
a fair investigation, bereft of politics, is the need of the hour.
3/3terrorism, naxalism & extremism are unacceptable.
no one knows it better then the congress, which sacrificed mahatama gandhi, indiraji & rajivji besides s.beant singh,shuklaji & nand kumar patel among others.
a fair investigation, bereft of politics, is the need of the hour.
randeep singh surjewala (@rssurjewala) june 8, 2018at an event in mumbai, fadnavis said that the police has came across an internal communication from a frontal naxal commander to someone else talking about a module on the lines of rajiv gandhis assassination to eliminate modi.
this communication is being investigated and it will be submitted at the right time in the court, said fadnavis.
on friday, maharashtra strengthened the security of fadnavis after his office received two anonymous letters last month threatening the cm and his family with reference to a recent encounter in gadchiroli in which 39 alleged maoists were killed by a joint team of security forces comprising c60 commandos and the central reserve police force (crpf).
the two letters were received on may 13 and may 18.
while one letter is from communist party of india (maoist) central committee, the other is from communist party of india (maoist) dandkaranya special zone committee.
both were handed over to senior police officials by the cmo, said an official from the chief ministers office.
a group of bengali muslim intellectuals has launched a last minute drive to collect one lakh signatures from muslim women and men demanding abolition of triple talaq and polygamy with the objective of submitting them before the president and prime minister before the countrys apex court starts hearing on the legality of triple talaq, halala marriage and polygamy on may 11.
we have already collected about 55,000 signatures, most of them from muslim women.
well submit the signatures by may 9 and on may 10 well sit on a day-long dharna at jantar mantar.
we want the centre to strongly advocate abolition of these practices during the hearing in the court, said osman mallick, headmaster of a government-run high school in west bengal.
he had also filed a petition in supreme court last november.
read: muslim law board shows the door to woman member who opposed triple talaqincidentally, late last year a signature collection war broke out between all india muslim personal law board that launched a nationwide drive to collect signatures of people to save and protect shariat laws --- related to marriage, divorce and inheritance, while womens rights groups unleashed a counter-campaign.
during a recent visit to west bengal, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said west bengal accounted for the second highest number of triple talaq victims.
last year, with tacit support from ruling trinamool congress leaders, kolkata also hosted the first major rally in the country by muslim religious leaders in support of continuing with the practices.
the signatures are being collected from various districts on behalf of a joint movement committee formed by several secular muslim organisations that have been campaigning for the rights of the muslim women and opposing religious fundamentalism.
the organisations include progressive muslim society, reformist muslim society and secular mission.
read: eye on muslim women vote, narendra modi gets combative on triple talaqour signature campaign is aimed at making the union government aware of what the muslim women want.
in a meeting recently held by the orthodox religio-social leadership from the community announced that muslim women campaigners like us are enemy of the community.
i would better be branded like that than being a dumb witness to the injustices against muslim women, said syed tanveer nasreen, a professor of womens studies at burdwan university and a prominent campaigner against patriarchy in muslim society.
the organisers of the last minute drive have planned to organise a dharna at jantar mantar just a day before the apex court begins final hearing on the issue.
(ht photo)a five-judge constitution bench is scheduled to finish the hearing on the legality of orally pronounced triple talaq, halala marriage and polygamy among muslims between may 11 and 19.
the case originated from petitions filed by some muslim women who sought abolition of these practices and argued they contradicted the fundamental rights ensured by the constitution.
read: triple talaq practice will be ended in less than two years, says muslim law board vpwhile all india muslim personal law board has opposed the idea, arguing that the practices have the sanction of the quran, the centre of have so far backed abolition of the practices.
according to kazi masum akhtar, headmaster of a government-run school in kolkata who had to be transferred from a government-run madrasa in the face of life threats from some muslim religious groups, the signature campaign has drawn more support that initially expected.
read: sister of triple talaq victim warns muslim clerics she will adopt hinduismpreviously, muslim women dared not speaking against these social evils but now, largely due to escalated campaign from the secular muslims who want reforms in the community, more and more women are speaking out, akhtar said.
opposition parties such as the congress, dmk, left and trinamool congress will go into a huddle on tuesday morning to evolve a joint strategy on the bill to criminalise the practice of instant triple talaq before it is introduced in rajya sabha.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2017 was passed in the lower house last week and is slated for passage in rajya sabha this week.
even as several opposition parties had demanded amendments and sought a review by a standing committee of parliament during the debate in lok sabha, the parties may recalibrate their positions before the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill comes to rajya sabha.
after the bill gets rajya sabhas appropval, it will be forwarded to the president for signing it into law.
we will take a collective decision after talking to other political parties, a senior leader of the congress party said.
sources added that many opposition parties are not keen to refer the bill for standing committees scrutiny as it might send a wrong message that they are trying to delay the passage of the bill.
some parties may give notices for amendments to show that they want improvements in the bill.
sources said that opposition parties may avoid taking an individual stance vis--vis the sensitive triple talaq bill fearing political isolation even in the opposition quartets.
the government has pitched the bill as a major step for women rights and empowerment.
the opposition parties in the lok sabha, however, had pointed out what they think as loopholes in the historic bill.
the proposed law, which stipulated up to three years of jail and a penalty for violators, was passed amidst concern from opposition members that it was criminalising what was essentially a civil procedure, and that it could be misused.
some muslim womens groups have also raised concerns about maintenance if the husband is sent to jail.
the bill seeks to ensure the larger constitutional goals of gender justice and gender equality of married muslim women and help sub-serve their fundamental rights of non-discrimination and empowerment, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told the lower house.
the bill will only be applicable to instant triple talaq or talaq-e-biddat and gives power to a woman to approach a magistrate seeking subsistence allowance for her and her minor children.
a woman can also seek the custody of her minor children.
under the proposed law, instant triple talaq in any form  spoken, in writing or by electronic means such as email, sms and whatsapp is illegal and void.
though the congress supported the bill, it wanted the government to refer the proposed legislation to a parliamentary standing committee for wider consultations and broader consensus on the move.
the communist party of india (marxist), rashtriya janata dal, samajwadi party and indian union muslim league were among those that endorsed the congress stand.
talaq-e-biddat is banned in 22 muslim-majority countries, including pakistan and ultra-conservative saudi arabia.
muslim men in india can still divorce using two other forms of talaq that have a three-month cooling off period.
congress president rahul gandhi is scheduled to visit patna on may 16 to pep up the lok sabha election campaign for congress nominee from patna sahib, shatrughan sinha, and rashtriya janata dal candidate from patliputra, misa bharti.
rahul is also likely to address an election meeting at sasaram in support of former lok sabha speaker and congress nominee meira kumar.
however, his tour plan for sasaram is yet to be finalised.
all these three constituencies will go to polls along with five others in bihar, in the final phase of the general elections on may 19.
bihar pradesh congress committee (bpcc) chief madan mohan jha said that according to a tentative plan, the congress president was likely to address a public meeting at bikram, a township falling under the patliputra ls seat, and hold a roadshow in the capital city on may 16.
earlier, it was said that priyanka vadra gandhi was tipped to visit patna and lead a roadshow in support of sinha, who recently joined the congress, after quitting the bharatiya janata party.
however, her scheduled engagements with the partys campaign in uttar pradesh (east) as its aicc in-charge and in delhi might have compelled the party to drop her patna visit plan.
some bpcc leaders said that rahul had offered to visit sasaram on the same day, but local leaders requested him to reschedule the programme in view of prime minister narendra modis public meeting there on the same day.
aicc is working on rahul gandhis tour programme for sasaram and the party would announce it as soon as its finalised, said jha, saying that the seat was important for meira kumar, the first woman speaker of ls, who was pitted against bjps sitting mp chhedi paswan.
patna sahib sitting mp shatrughan sinha and misa bharti, daughter of rjd chief lalu prasad, both face a tough battle.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and union minister of state for rural development ram kripal yadav are contesting against sinha and misa, respectively.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) in delhi wants uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath as its star campaigner for the april 23 municipal elections.
the election management committee has listed 53 party leaders, including adityanath, who they want to canvass support in delhi next month.
the list of star campaigners sent to central leadership, however, does not contain the name of prime minister narendra modi.
apart from up cm, the delhi bjp wants chief ministers of all party-ruled states-- manohar parrikar (goa), trivendra singh rawat (uttarakhand), devendra fadnavis (maharashtra), manohar lal khattar (haryana), shivraj singh chauhan (madhya pradesh), vasundhara raje (rajasthan), raman singh (chhattisgarh), raghubar das (jharkhand), and sarbananda sonowal (assam) -- to campaign during the elections.
rajiv babbar, vice-present of delhi bjp and convener of the media committee, said the state unit has requested for a few union ministers too.
the names of star campaigners have been suggested by our party workers.
they want leaders from other states.
now, the central leadership will check with them and apprise us about their availability.
then, we will prepare a schedule for their rallies accordingly, he said.
significant number of voters in delhi are from other states.
therefore, to establish a connect with them, the party has decided to bring leaders from other states for the campaigning, he said.
babbar said all state party leaders were of the view that the union ministers will be the best persons to tell people of delhi about various schemes specially launched for the city by the bjp-led nda government since 2014.
they know better than us.
if they tell citizens about the work being done by the centre, it will be good.
they can explain those schemes better.
delhi bjp president manoj tiwari will lead the campaign, he said.
union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley, m venkaiah naidu, nitin gadkari, ravishankarprasad prasad, smriti irani, jitendra singh, kalraj mishra, radha mohan singh, giriraj singh, dr harsh vardhan, vijay goel and sanjeev balyan will campaign for party candidates in delhi.
the government is preparing for the eventuality of the supreme court collegium recommending the name of uttarakhand chief justice km joseph once again for elevation to the top court, a week after the law ministry suggested that the collegium reconsider his choice.
while it is expected that the scs five-member collegium will meet on this issue on wednesday, no official notification on this had been issued till late tuesday and ht learns the meeting isnt confirmed.
historically, the collegium has usually sent the same recommendation back even after the government suggested that it be reconsidered, said a government official who asked not to be named.
the issue here is whether seniority and regional representation should be allowed to take a back seat or not, this person added.
last wednesday, the government cleared the appointment of senior advocate indu malhotra as an sc judge but put on hold the collegiums recommendation on elevating joseph.
soon after, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad wrote to chief justice of india dipak misra to say, the proposed appointment of justice km joseph at this stage does not appear to be appropriate.
it would also not be fair and justified to other more senior, suitable, and deserving chief justices and senior judges of various high courts.
the letter pointed out that justice joseph is 42nd in seniority among the high court judges and many hcs such as gujarat, calcutta, and jammu and kashmir are not represented in the sc.
we will decide our next step after we receive the collegiums recommendation, a second government official said on condition of anonymity.
legal experts say the government may not have the scope of seeking yet another reconsideration if the collegium suggests justice jopeshs name again, but that it could adopt another strategy.
the collegium is well within its rights to send the same recommendation once more.
but the government can sit over the proposal as no deadline has been fixed for it to approve the decision, former law secretary tk vishwanathan said.
advocate muhammad khan, also a congress spokesperson, said, there is no provision in any statute which authorises the government to veto the collegiums choice.
if the government is allowed to dictate terms, even seemingly harmless ones (to sc), it would lead to a situation of effective control.
the uttarakhand government is set to introduce a vastly improved hi-tech online centralised customer care service to ensure a safe and hassle-free journey for lakhs of pilgrims ahead of the chardham yatra that is expected to begin in the first week of may, an official said on tuesday.
the hi-tech online centralised customer care service we are going to introduce this time will be different from the complaint redressal mechanism available on twitter, facebook and whatsapp, which was introduced some years back, said additional chief executive officer, uttarakhand tourism development board (utdb), c ravi shankar.
the new online mechanism will be a centralised system, which will help redress grievances and complaints of yatris besides promptly answering their general queries and ensuring a safe and hassle-free journey once the pilgrimage starts, he said.
under that system, not only will the services to be provided to yatris be prompt but those operating it will also ensure that once the issue is settled the quality of its disposal is also assessed.
shankar said multiple agencies like garhwal mandal vikas nigam (gmvn), a development corporation that handles yatra packages, district emergency operation centres (deocs) and 108 emergency mobile medical service would also be associated with the hi-tech centralised customer care service.
elaborating, he said deocs are located in all the districts which form parts of the chardham comprising the four fabled himalayan shrines of badrinath, kedarnath, gangotri and yamnotri.
similarly, the108 emergency mobile medical service will also be promptly available for yatris in case of emergencies like road accidents or natural disasters, the official said.
he said pilgrims in need of any service would be able to communicate their issues to the hi-tech online centralised customer care service via any of the social media platforms like twitter, facebook and whatsapp.
such a customer-friendly system is being put in place so that yatris could be provided prompt remedies to all issues they might face during the journey or any information they might need, shankar said.
elaborating, he mentioned visitors complaints might relate to overcharging of services or they might have queries pertaining to helicopter packages.
the hi-tech online customer care system will also promptly answer the simple queries the yatris may have about puja and the shrines which might form a part of their itinerary, shankar said, adding, the mechanism would also promptly answer their sos calls or calls for help in case of natural disasters or accidents in hilly areas.
irrespective of the kind of complaints the customer care system will receive from yatris they would be promptly answered and all agencies concerned will be immediately pressed into service to help the visitors in distress, he said referring to gmvn, deocs and the 108 emergency mobile medical service etc.
it is in light of such frequently received complaints, grievances and issues faced by yatris that the government decided to launch the hi-tech online customer care service for them, the official said.
he said that such a system is being tried out and we hope it would evolve as per our expectations and will work in a robust manner.
the state government had introduced its first online complaint redressal mechanism for the yatris visiting the chardham after the cataclysmic floods struck the fabled religious destination in 2013, killing thousands of people.
the hi-tech online customer care system we are going to launch is a much improved version of the complaint redressal mechanism, shankar clarified.
indias concerns over h-1b visa related developments have been conveyed at the highest quarters in the us, union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on saturday.
the it ecosystem is based upon reciprocity approach, and india neither creates boundaries nor appreciates boundaries, the minister said.
finance minister arun jaitley in washington had met the commerce secretary of the us and conveyed the concerns.
we are proud of the contribution of indian it companies in america and around the world.
they have paid $22 billion as tax revenue in the last five years, they have created 400,000 jobs there, they have given value and competitive edge to nearly two-thirds of the fortune 500 companies, prasad said.
he said the it ecosystem is based up on reciprocity.
indian human resource contributes to usas economy and many us companies also benefit here in bengaluru and other parts of india who have indian minds in creating their research products more competitively.
if multi national companies have made big business then indian minds have also immensely contributed.
there is a need for reciprocity.
ravi shankar prasad (@rsprasad) april 22, 2017indian it companies create jobs they do not steal jobs either in usa or in any other country.
ravi shankar prasad (@rsprasad) april 22, 2017prasad was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the interactive meeting with it /esdm industry organised by the software technology parks of india (stpi).
to a question about protectionist noises being heard from europe and other parts of the world and governments approach towards this, he said, we are reaching out.
but what im very confident about is the talent of indian it minds - that they will always keep the flag flying.
earlier, addressing the meeting, prasad said that today it ecosystem is under some stress and pressure because of what is happening in the us.
stating that the it sector needs to acknowledge its own real strengths, he said the indian it industry has created a new form of confidence in indias human resources.
he said, the dna of technology does not count in its boundaries, and as far as we in india are concerned, we neither create boundaries, nor we appreciate boundaries.
indian it companies dont steal jobs, they create jobs, wherever they go whether it is america or any part of the world.
noting that the indian digital economy that includes communication, it/ites, e-commerce, digital payments is going to be usd 1 trillion, the minister said he is seeing india at the cusp of a big digital revolution.
we missed the industrial revolution, we missed the entrepreneur revolution and we dont want to miss the digital revolution.
we want to become leader in that, that is our fundamental philosophy, he said.
highlighting that in the last two years, 72 mobile manufacturing factories had started production in india, prasad said 42 are mobiles and 30 are components like battery and others.
he also said that the us-based iphone maker apple is again going to meet him in couple of days.
they are very keen.
to a question by reporters on meeting with apple executives, he said they are going to meet him.
what was important is that india is a huge market and make in india was basically for making in india for indian market and also exporting it outside, he said.
a lot of big mobile phone manufacturing companies have come, if apple comes fine, they are welcome, he added.
non-resident indian (nri) men who wed in the country will have to compulsorily register their marriages within a week and update their marital status on their passports, central government officials said.
the decision by an inter-ministerial panel on wednesday is an attempt to prevent nri husbands abandoning their wives.
failure to update their marital status on passports can result in the document getting revoked, one of four officials said on condition of anonymity .
the group of ministers decided that necessary amendments will have to be made in the passport act to incorporate the changes, one of the officials added.
the panel was set up last year to review the legal and regulatory challenges faced by women deserted by nri husbands.
it comprises several ministers, including external affairs minister sushma swaraj, home minister rajnath singh, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi.
swaraj, singh, prasad and gandhi attended a meeting of the panel on wednesday.
the panel decided to make it mandatory for nris to register their marriages with registrars.
the law ministry has agreed to incorporate the necessary clause by amending the registration of births and deaths act, 1969, a second official said.
currently, only a handful of states, including punjab, which was the first to formulate such guidelines, make registration of nri marriages compulsory.
after wednesdays meeting, the law, home and external affairs ministries were asked to come up with draft legal amendments to give effect to decisions taken at the meeting.
the amendments will then go to the cabinet for approval, a third official said.
the panel could not arrive at a consensus on a proposal to attach the property of nris who desert their wives and fail to respond to repeated summons, the second official cited above said.
swaraj and gandhi had suggested that in case an nri who abandons his wife does not own any property, his share of parental property be seized, a fourth official said.
law ministry officials present in the meeting said the proposal to attach property is legally not tenable.
the ministerial panel has directed the law ministry to revisit the proposal and suggest what could be done within a week, said the fourth official.
the panel also decided to allow the ministry of external affairs to put up summons issued to nri men who have not responded to earlier summons on its website.
such notices are to be deemed to have been served.
the union home ministry has already agreed to amend the code of criminal procedure that will allow notification of summons put up on the website of the ministry of external affairs to be deemed to have been served.
the current practice is that once a woman lodges a complaint, the police write to embassies, which sends a summons notice.
but such summons hardly get served as the nri usually moves to a new place or provides an incorrect address.
the panel was set up after a sharp increase in the number of nri men deserting their wives after marrying them in india.
on december 21, minister of state for external affairs vk singh told parliament that indian missions abroad received 3,328 complaints from indian women about marital disputes with their nri spouses since 2015.
of this, 3,268 were addressed by providing counselling to the women, and guidance and information about procedures to address the complaints.
the complaints ranged from grooms disappearing soon after marrying women in india to husbands preventing their wives from travelling to india after seizing their passports; from husbands who abandoned their wives in another country to those who had sent their wives back home but were not giving up the custody of their children.
in comparison, the national commission for women, an autonomous body under the wcd ministry, recorded 346 complaints from women married to nris in 2014 (the latest year for which figures are available).
however, wcd ministry officials conceded that this figure does not reflect the real situation because few women come forward to lodge complaints.
these measures are good and long overdue.
but it will only help future cases.
what about the large number of women who have already been deserted by nri men?
is the government thinking of some measures to help them too?
we as a society have to take care of them also, said arvind kumar goel, retired judge and former chairman of punjabs state commission for nris.
hours after he joined the congress, the party on saturday named lok sabha mp shatrughan sinha as its candidate from the patna sahib constituency against union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who is the bjp nominee from this seat.
earlier, sinha officially joined the congress party at a function in new delhi in presence of senior party leaders kc venugopal and spokesperson randeep surjewala.
joining the congress, sinha targeted the ruling bharatiya janata party saying that under the new leadership, the party has ended internal democracy.
he said, i saw democracy changing into dictatorship in the bjpit has become one-man show and two-man army.
the actor-turned-politician, when asked about his past comment lauding prime minister narendra modi, said, i used to call him dashing and dynamicfor his 56-inch chesttoday, rahul gandhi is the face of the nation and future of the nation.
to another question, sinha said, i will not contest from patliputra lok sabha seat but from the patna sahib constituency.
the congress played the biggest role in bringing indias independence.
it was wholly and solely responsible for freeing india from the colonial rule, he said at a press conference at the congress headquarters.
this comes a week after sinha met congress president rahul gandhi on march 29 in new delhi.
he has been critical of the narendra modi government of the centre and the ruling bharatiya janata party, with which he had an association of more than two decades.
sinha, incidentally, joined the congress on the foundation day of the bjp.
i congratulate the bjp on its 39th foundation day.
i received my political training in the bjp.
but it was congress leader subodh kant sahay took me to public life for the first time, sinha said.
i am sad that i had to quit the bjp on its foundation day, he said slamming the ruling party for imposing 75 year-bar on contesting polls.
do people become brain dead, he asked.
sinha is a two-time sitting member of parliament from patna lok sabha seat in bihar, where the congress is an alliance with the rashtriya janata dal (rjd).
sinha has often referred to rjd president lalu prasad as his family friend even after the latters conviction in a case of corruption.
announcing that he would join the congress, sinha had said that he was doing so with the consent of prasad.
sinha is likely to be fielded by the congress from the patna sahib lok sabha seat, where the bjp has named union minister ravishankarprasad prasad as its candidate.
union minister of law and electronics ravishankarprasad prasad wears many hats.
he is a reputed lawyer, rajya sabha mp, bjps national executive member, the partys national spokesperson, and one of the worlds 20 most influential leader in digital and e-government.
this election year, he is set to add another feather to his hat as he plunges into the electoral battle for a lok sabha seat.
he is the bjps candidate from patna sahib, a seat held for the last two terms by his friend-turned-political rival, shatrughan sinha, who is joining congress.
during the course of hectic campaigning schedule and meeting people in the state capital, prasad spoke to hindustan times on issues pertaining to polls, his party and his achievements as a member of modis cabinet.
q: this is going to be your first electoral battle?
are your nervous?
a: though i have been a member of the upper house of parliament for long, i have always remained connected to people through various party assignments in different states across india.
i started my career as student leader, remained associated with rashtriya swayamsevak sangh and abvp for many years and held various posts in both the organisations.
there are two types of leaders.
one is hoisted from aboveand the other, like me, who has risen from the ranks.
myfirst political role was that of a booth agent in 1971.
i am a son of the soil, have my home and family members here and keep visiting my home town regularly, meeting people to share theirhappiness and sorrows.
i have been in-charge of eight states of india of my party.
the states have extended from tamil nadu to north-east, bengal, bihar, up and uttarakhand.
q:though congress has not announced its candidate from patna sahib as yet, there is little doubt it would your former friend-turned-political rival shatrughan sinha, who is a veteran in electoral polls now.
what do you have to say about him?
a: i do not comment on individuals.
all i can say is that it is a contest between hope and opportunism.
india of 2019 is not the india of 90s where prime ministers were for four-six months.
the days of deve gowda and gujarals are over.
here, on one hand, there is narendra modi as pm, a leader, a cohesive nda.
on the contrary, who is the leader of opposition, nobody knows.
therefore, the theatre of absurd that we witnessed in kolkata, where everybody is fighting against each other, shows the rank opportunism.
this is not the calling of india of 2019.
q:how do you rate bjps chances in bihar and pan-india?
a: historic!
i am sure bjp will get majority and along with its allies it will be historic majority.
in bihar, dont be surprised as things are slipping out of mahaghatbandhan (grand alliance).
we will get 40 out of 40.
q: in bihar, is caste going to be a deciding factor or is it development?
a: caste is going to be a factor but development will override it.
q:you are a staunch advocate for integrity.
do you think the government in bihar fits the bill on integrity count?
a: yes indeed, without fail.
that is why, he (nitish kumar) came back.
he did not compromise on it and walked off (referring to the ga, which nitish was part of in 2015 polls).
q: you believe coalition governments in india will survive?
a: the genuine coalitions will survive for sure.
coalition has three rules.
it must have a major party, trust and common ability in programmes.
all three ingredients are in nda.
on the contrary, there is a nibbling scenario in opposition.
q:what have you to offer to voter of patna sahib?
a: patna sahib ke logo ki awaz ab khamosh nahi hoongi.
(the voice of patna sahib voters will not get suppressed any more).
q:will the air strikes on terrorist camps in pakistan help bjp?
a: air strikes are additional bounty.
people of india have always realized to re-electmodiji to put india ondevelopment agenda.
not even a single country questioned air strikes except my friends in opposition.
q: as a central minister, what have been your big achievements?
a: my achievements are part of larger narratives of transformation of india that has happened under modiji.
india today is fastest growing economy.
india today is emerging as a globally recognized digital power.
india today is extraordinarily doing in terms of infrastructural reforms.
and long term reforms like bankruptcy codes to gst to whole range of other issues.
q:why should people vote for narendra modi?
a: india of 2019 is a different india.
it is recognized as a global power.
loc is no more sacrosanct.
modi is recognized as a global leader.
this election is not a municipal or local or gram panchayat election.
it is an election to elect indias future.
the bihar government has done a fresh categorization of vip security, right from the governor, cm to former cms and mlas, withdrawing security cover from six persons who have either moved out of the state or died.
the security review was done following the recommendations of the state security committee meeting, headed by home secretary amir subhani with police top brass a couple of days ago.
of the 32 vips provided security, there are four former cms; incarcerated lalu prasad, rabri devi, jagannath mishra and jitan ram manjhi.
while lalu prasad and rabri devi have got z-plus secutiy, manjhi has got z-category cover and mishra y-category.
mishra has also been convicted in the fodder scam case along with lalu, but is out of jail.
over 1,000 security personnel will be engaged in the security of the vips in the state.
bihar governor and chief minister are z-plus and advanced security liaison (asl) protectee.
apart from them, only lalu prasad and rabri devi have got z-plus security.
the central government had, in november 2017, completely withdrawn the nsg security cover provided to rjd chief and former chief minister lalu prasad.
his z-plus security was also downgraded.
the centre had then also withdrawn manjhis z-plus security cover.
after the latest review, six union and state ministers have also got z and y-category security.
they include ram vilas paswan, radha mohan singh and ravishankarprasad prasad (all union ministers), bihars deputy cm sushil kumar modi, water resources minister rajiv ranjan singh alias lalan singh and animal husbandry minister pashupati kumar paras.
besides, six mps, sharad yadav, shatrughan sinha, akhilesh prasad singh, vashisht narayan singh, nityanand rai and sushil kumar singh, have also got security of y and z-category security.
lalu prasads elder son tej pratap yadav, mla from mahua constituency, has got y-category security, while his younger son and leader of opposition tejaswhi prasad yadav has got y-plus security.
former speaker uday narayan choudhary and chief justice of the patna high court have got y-category security.
former lok sabha speaker meira kumar has been accorded y-plus security.
in a two-pronged strategy, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) central leadership has gone the whole hog to campaign for its noida candidate, pankaj singh, son of union home minister, rajnath singh.
in contrast, the samajwadi party (sp) did not have any star campaigners in noida, while the congress and bsp roped in only one-two leaders each.
the bjp, to keep its flock together after nominating outsider pankaj in noida, leaders of the disgruntled cadres, from their caste and region, moved to placate them in election rallies and campaigns.
they also wooed the urban voters with several promises of development.
though sitting mla vimla batham has also supported pankaj, her supporters were upset.
a few others who were aspiring for a ticket had threatened to quit the party after pankaj was given the ticket.
two-time former mla from dadri nawab singh nagar, who was ready to jump in the fray on a bjp ticket even from noida, was among those unhappy on being denied a ticket.
one bjp leader is also contesting as an independent candidate.
however, he extended support to the official bjp candidate at party president amit shahs rally on february 5.
bjp president amit shah, state bjp president keshav prasad maurya, union urban development minister venkaiah naidu, minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad, power minister piyush goyal, minister of state for heavy industries and public enterprises babul supriyo, minister of state for human resource development mahendra nath pandey, former uttarakhand chief minister ramesh pokhriyal nishank, mp kirron kher and mp udit raj have visited noida to campaign for pankaj singh.
the party has succeeded not only in pacifying disgruntled members but also making them actively participate in the campaign.
the campaign by senior leaders has helped bjp connect with the representatives of various regions and communities from across the country who are living in noida.
however, pankajs father, rajnath singh, did not visit noida, despite visiting bisada (dadri) on wednesday and rabupura (jewar) on thursday.
it was decided that rajnath ji would not campaign in noida.
however, we roped in several senior party leaders, central ministers and mps from various backgrounds.
this has boosted the morale of the party workers and helped in consolidating the votes from various communities, said manish sharma, bjps media in-charge for the district.
a majority of the visiting bjp leaders addressed a gathering of not more than a few hundred at the auditorium of kailash hospital.
meetings of piyush goyal, ravishankarprasad prasad and nishank were held at other places, but with a limited gathering.
only shah held a public rally, while north east delhi mp manoj tiwari, held a road show in noida on thursday, the last day of campaigning.
due to the strict expenditure cap put in place by the election commission, we decided to hold a workers meet and bring in people from various communities.
the press coverage of their visits helped us in sending our message to these communities as well as the public that the bjp in noida is not a divided house, a party functionary from noida said.
he added that delhis proximity to noida made it possible for ministers to campaign for pankaj.
the other major contenders in noida are sunil choudhary of the sp-congress alliance and bsps ravikant mishra.
for bsp, only the party general secretary naseemuddin siddiqui held a rally at sector 39 community centre on january 24.
bsp national general secretary satish chandra mishra was to hold a public rally in sector 43 on wednesday but the programme was cancelled.
congress leader ghulam nabi azad held a rally at dadri and up state congress president raj babbar also held a road show in dadri.
however, samajwadi party failed to attract any star campaigner in noida, including akhilesh yadav, due to it being jinxed for chief ministers.
we had sent a request for dimple ji (akhileshs wife) to campaign in noida but she could not make it.
our party leader surender nagar held a road show on thursday, raghvendra dubey, sp media head for the district, said.
two key reforms bills are likely to come up for an intense debate in the rajya sabha on tuesday.
the centre will seek to pass legislations on the insolvency and bankruptcy code as well as criminalisation of the instant triple talaq practice in the upper house, where it needs the support of some opposition parties for the purpose.
it will be seen if the congress-led opposition hardens its stand and sends the bill on instant triple talaq to a standing committee for review, thereby delaying the process of passing it.
opposition parties such as the congress, dmk, left and the trinamool congress will go into a huddle on tuesday to decide its stand on the proposed law.
several opposition parties had insisted on wider consultations to address alleged loopholes in the bill, although it received the lok sabhas nod on thursday.
we will take a collective decision after talking to other political parties, said a senior leader of the congress party.
sources claimed that opposition parties may avoid taking an individual stance vis--vis the triple talaq bill as it might send the wrong message at a time when the government has pitched it as a major step towards ensuring womens rights and empowerment.
the proposed law, which stipulates up to three years of jail and a penalty for violators, was passed amidst concern from opposition members that it was criminalising what was essentially a civil procedure, and that it could be misused.
some muslim womens groups also raised concerns about maintenance if the husband was sent to jail.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had told the lower house that the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill seeks to ensure the larger constitutional goals of gender justice and gender equality of married muslim women, and help sub-serve their fundamental rights of non-discrimination and empowerment.
the bjp on thursday said huge voter turnouts in the two phases of the uttar pradesh assembly election meant that the people of the state have rejected the ruling samajwadi party.
the turnout shows that people have rejected the sp.
the bjp will form the next government and provide an atmosphere of peace, development and prosperity in the state, senior bjp leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the first and the second phases of the seven-phase assembly election were held on february 11 and february 15.
the turnout was 64  in the first phase and 65  in the second phase.
he said the sp-congress tie-up for the crucial polls was an alliance of crime and anarchy of sp and corruption of congress.
a businessman is killed in meerut and another businessman sharvan sahu is killed in lucknow.
in sultanpur, an sp mla is named as accused in a rape and murder case, he said, alleging that chief minister akhilesh yadav was protecting that accused legislator.
this is the condition of anarchy and paralysed law and order situation in the state.
the dial 100 service of up police has failed in the state.
after the model code of conduct for the assembly election came into force, we thought that the law and order situation will improve, but ironically it is the worst now, he said.
the goons of sp and criminals are creating nuisance in the elections, he alleged, adding that the irony was that akhilesh still claims kaam bolta hai (work speaks).
in fact, criminal activities of sp goons are speaking, he added.
taking a jibe at the sp-congress alliance, prasad said, if up likes the alliance of sp-congress (as claimed by the two parties), why did they stop joint rallies of rahul and akhilesh?
i think akhilesh has realised that the rally of rahul will ensure the defeat of their candidates.
the congress doesnt like the company of anyone other than those belonging to the nehru-gandhi family.
on the bsp, prasad said its supremo mayawati has accepted her defeat and is ready to sit in the opposition.
he was referring to the remarks of mayawati that her party would sit in the opposition rather than joining hands with bjp to form the government.
on the issue of triple talaq, prasad said this was an issue of women equality, women self-respect and women honour.
more than 20 countries of the world have amended this system of triple talaq.
muslim women are fighting for their rights.
the government will ensure justice to the muslim women of india, he said.
the bharatiya janata party has won stunning election victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, a personal triumph for prime minister narendra modi that could now ensure his partys near-domination of politics in india.
the bjp registered the biggest-ever victory by any political party in uttar pradesh since indira gandhi led the congress to 309 seats in 1980 before the state was divided.
the results routed the samajwadi party-congress alliance, as well as the bahujan samaj party, once a dominant power in a state where the bjp last ruled in 2002.
the bjp wrested uttarakhand from the congress.
the two were neck-and-neck in manipur and goa, where smaller parties will now hold the balance of power.
catch live updates from the day after the assembly election results were announced:9.
55pm: venkaiah naidu and bhupendra yadav are observers for uttar pradesh, narendra tomar and saroj pandey observers for uttarakhand.
piyush goyal and vinay sahasrabuddhe are observers for manipur, says union minister jp nadda, during a press conference in delhi, following the bjps parliamentary board meet.
amit shah has been authorised by the parliamentary board to make the final decision (of who will become cms) after observers submit their respective reports.
9.
45pm: sources say the lone all india trinamool congress legislator t robindro singh has also extended support to the bjp coalition in manipur.
read | bjp gets the numbers, stakes claim to form govt in manipurdespite coming second with just 21 seatsbjp managed to get support of 4 mlas each from npf and npp and also from the lone lok janshakti party legislator karam shyam.
9.
12pm: union transport minister nitin gadkari confirms manohar parrikar as the bjps chief minister candidate in goa.
he also said the bjp has staked claim to form the government with the support of mgp, gfp and othersshri @manoharparrikar will be the chief minister candidate for the @bjp4india led government in the state of goa  nitin gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) march 12, 20179.
00pm: meanwhile, in manipur, bjp mlas and its supporting mlas meet governor najma heptulla8.
35pm: definitely, it was difficult as it was a new department but i am happy that no corruption allegations were levelled against our government, says parrikar on heading the defence ministry.
when asked about what he regards as achievements, he lists, boosting morale, better procurement.
read | bjp secures support of regional parties, all set to return to power in goa8.
25pm: congress mla shyamkumar singh from andro assembly constituency, manipur defects from congress; joins bjp, reports ani.
8.
20pm: parrikar begins speaking, thanks gadkari for coming to goa in such short notice.
he also thanks bjp leaders for showing trust in him.
this is a mandate given by the people, though we fell short of majority.
together we have reached the magic figure of 21.
we met the governor, expecting an invitation.
once we receive it,we will consult our colleagues and decide the date for swearing in, says parrikar.
vijai sardesai of the goa forward party says: we will be watchdogs.
our party colleagues have reservations about this tie-up.
but in political life there are some hard choices.
we will not betray the cause of the party.
eventually everyone will be happy and everyone will go forward.
8.
10pm: union minister nitin gadkari begins press conference in goa on formation of government.
ive been told by other parties that they will extend support to bjp only if parrikar becomes the chief minister of the state.
parrikar has no resigned as the defence minister yet.
the bjp parliamentary board has agreed to allow parrikar to resign but there is a procedure that needs to be followed first.
if goa needs it, parrikar says hes ready to resign as defence minister.
we are in talks with independent mlas and other parties and respect their wishes for a stable government.
defence minister manohar parrikar, union minister nitin gadkari with bjp, mgp, goa forward party leaders and 3 independent mlas at the goa governors house, to stake claim to form government in the state.
(ani)8.
00pm: similar series of events unfold in manipur as the bjp, with other allies, seek an appointment with the state governor to stake claim to form the government.
the national peoples party has now extended support to the bjp, enabling it to reach the 31-seat-mark in the 60-member assembly.
the bjp won 21 seats in the assembly elections in manipur.
it has already been promised support by the naga peoples front which has four seats, the lok janshakti party (one) and one independent.
the npp won four seats in the recent assembly elections.
7.
50pm: manohar parrikar tells ani that he has not resigned from his post as defence minister.
7.
30pm: meanwhile, sudin dhavalikar of the maharashtrawadi gomantak party extends support to the bjp, with the three seats that his party won.
he dismisses allegations of horse-trading.
a self-described chanakya of goa politics, dhavalikar has been part of every state government, be it led by the bjp or the congress, since 1998.
sudin dhavalikar of mgp gives support of three seats to bjp.
half battle won for the party in goa @httweets pic.
twitter.com/n0x4hvzqnx  nida khan (@begamtalks) march 12, 2017vijai sardesai of the goa forward party has also pledged support to bjp, saying his party has a nationalistic agenda and that this is the options that would bring stability and development in the state.
his party holds three seats.
the bjp state high command in goa has left for the governors house with the support of both the goa forward and the mgp.
7.
20pm: ours is a government for everyone, says modi.
he thanks amit shah and those who campaigned in the five states and concludes his address with chants of bharat mata ki jai and vande mantaram.
7.
15pm: we aim to take 125 crore indians together in our efforts towards building a new india, says modi.
want to assure the people in the 5 states that we leave no stones unturned to fulfill your aspirations.
in 2022, we mark 75 years of independence, which will be a landmark moment for the nation.
i had said that we are new, have less experience and can make mistakes, but wont do anything with wrong intentions.
i am happy that people ask me: why do you work so much?
7.
10pm: through the membership drive, the bjp has been able to become the largest political party in the world.
we have never got anything for free or easily.
and we do not have any regrets.
we are ones who have always been working for people, says modi.
i am not someone who looks at things only from an election perspective.
i look at the well-being of the people.
7.
00pm: the poor are saying: i want to progress and i seek the opportunity from you.
this is the foundation of a new india, says pm modi to supporters.
with these wins we have the responsibility of being humble.
power is not about posts.
power is an opportunity to serve.
generations of individuals have given their lives to build this party.
they travelled all over india to make the party strong.
these elections are an emotional issue for us.
they come when we mark the centenary celebrations of pandit deen dayal ji.
antyodaya is integral to our work.
we understand the strength of indias poor.
the burden on the middle class should reduce.
this will enable our middle classes to shine.
the strength of the poor and the aspirations of the middle class will take india to new heights, says modi.
pm @narendramodi: will work to fulfill expectations of all.
this is an opportunity to serve the people.
burden on middle class should reduce pic.
twitter.com/gbj4bo216a  doordarshan news (@ddnewslive) march 12, 20176.
45pm: prime minister narendra modi begins speaking by wishing everyone a happy holi.
chorus of modi, modi from his supporters greets him.
there are many reasons for a win but such an empathetic win after such a record turnout is special and makes everyone think.
elections empower people to participate in nation-building, says modi.
it is a positive sign for democracy to see people coming out in large numbers to exercise their franchise.
a new india is emerging, says the pm.
it is a new india which encapsulates the aspirations of women.
a new india that is about opportunities for the poor.
.
.
.
.
the india of the dreams of indias yuva shakti.
6.
35pm: bjp leaders including rajnath singh, amit shah felicitate modi on stage, pm to speak shortly.
amit shah now addressing supporters who have gathered outside the party headquarters.
he wishes everyone a happy holi and calls this years festive season an auspicious time for country and party.
the mandate given by the people this time, is two steps ahead of the 2014 election mandate, says amit shah.
he talks about the unprecedented wins the party managed in both uttar pradesh and uttarakhand.
it is bjps pro-poor policies that helped us win elections.
he talks about demonetisation and how the poor have followed modi and the partys vision for development.
6.
30pm: pm modi offers tribute to deendayal upadhyay at bjp headquarters.
6.
23pm: pm modi walks the last stretch to bjps headquarters at ashoka road in delhi:prime minister narendra modi arrives at bjp hq in delhi amid loud 'modi modi' chants #electionresults pic.
twitter.com/pguiglcp3l  ani (@ani_news) march 12, 2017madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad reach headquarters to celebrate the bjps win.
5.
45pm: reports now coming in that bjp mla pramod sawant says the party has received letters of support from mgp and two independent mlas in goa and that the party is now confident of forming the government.
meanwhile, in manipur, bjp seeks appointment with state governor najma heptulla.
5.
30pm: with the bjp needing eight seats to reach the magic figure of 21, and the congress four short of a majority, smaller parties and independents now hold the key to government formation in goa.
here is the list of possible kingmakers.
5.
15pm: samajwadi party leader mulayam singh yadav defends his son akhilesh yadav after the partys loss in uttar pradesh elections, saying no one person is responsible for the defeat.
5.
00pm: digvijay singh now accuses bjp of horse-trading to reach the majority mark.
the bjp has been involved in horse-trading, promising sums, ministries, corporations and suvs to the non-bjp mlas to get their support, congress general secretary digvijaya singh alleged.
i have never seen in any other state where a political party which has been rejected outright, where the cm has lost, six ministers have lost, yet they are staking claim to form the government, he told reporters in panaji.
4.
45pm: the naga peoples front has reiterated that they will support any non-congress party to form a new government in manipur.
the naga peoples front bagged four seats yesterday in manipur elections, which threw up a hung assembly with the ruling congress bagging 28 of the 60 seats and the bjp making giant strides to muster 21.
we are an alliance of nda and therefore we will support the north east democratic alliance, which comprises non-congress parties even in manipur, npf spokesperson achumbemo kikon said.
4.
35pm: meeting of congress mlas begins to discuss the head of the legislature in goa; meeting headed by congress leader digvijay singh, reports ani.
4.
00pm: bjp supporters throng outside the partys headquarters at ashoka road in new delhi.
prime minister narendra modis roadshow is expected to begin shortly.
@bjp4india workers at party headquarters.
@narendramodi to join soon.
@httweets pic.
twitter.com/xgq13a0yov  kumar uttam (@meetuttam) march 12, 20173.
50pm: congress amarinder singh says he has met the punjab governor and staked claim to form the government in the state.
march 16 has been fixed as the date of swearing in.
talking to media outside punjab raj bhawan here today, he said that he will go to delhi on march 14 to meet congress vice president rahul gandhi and discuss formation of the new government.
3.
00pm: congress spokesperson randeep surjewala alleges that the bjp is misusing cisf and airport authorities to detain and abduct independent mla asabuddin at imphal airport.
he says the mla was taken to calcutta.
federalism & rule of law being murdered in broad daylight by modi government, tweets surjewala.
2/n modigovt is playing a dangerous game of subverting democracy & abducting mla's by misusing cisf at imphal airport despite electoral loss  randeep s surjewala (@rssurjewala) march 12, 20171.
57pm: manipur: okram ibobi singh elected as leader of congress legislature party.
1.
52pm: parkash singh badal after tendering resignation: whatever they (congress) will do will come in front of you.
akali dal veteran parkash singh badal, along with sukhbir singh badal, during a meeting with punjab governor vp singh badnore to hand over his resignation letter after losing the punjab assembly election.
(pti)1.
36pm: congress spokesperson digvijaya singh: we are in touch with non-bjp mlas, we are confident we have numbers on our side (in goa).
.
.
is this a party of morals?
they have been defeated and doing horse-trading, promising ministries like distributing sweets.
.
.
go ahead if you (bjp) have support of more than 21, we are ready to sit in the opposition but it is a coup against peoples mandate.
1.
12pm: prime minister narendra modi may lead celebration procession from le meridien hotel to bjp headquarters in delhi ahead of parliamentary board meet.
1.
06pm: the partys legislature wing has decided that he (manohar parrikar) should head the legislature wing as cm candidate for bjp: michael lobo, bjp.
12.
47pm: maharashtrawadi gomantak party (mgp) leader sudin dhavalikar tells hindustan times his party is ready to support a bjp-led government in goa.
while the bjp has 14 seats, the mgp has won three seats in this election, meaning that an mgp-bjp alliance would still fall four seats short of a majority.
with the nda in power till 2019, we feel a bjp-led government in goa will be good for the state, dhavalikar said.
12.
31pm: yesterday, the prime minister talked to me.
he said whatever you require for punjab, i will be all willing to help.
12.
25pm: no calculation can make the bjp get the magic figure.
we request them to respect the democratic values of the country, says congress.
12.
22pm: prime minister narendra modi tweets: a new india is emerging, which is being powered by the strength & skills of 125 crore indians.
this india stands for development.
12.
20pm: no vendetta politics, no victimisation.
if name comes in investigation, we will see: amarinder singh on if there will be action on bikram majithia12.
17pm: i have already said two issues require immediate attention - one is health and one is educationif punjab has to progress, it has to be through peace and stabilitywe will reform the policepunjabs security lies in secure and friendly relations with neighbours and that is what we want12.
01pm: we are after the drug chitta (cocaine).
we will wipe it out in the state in for weeks: amarinder singh.
11.
40am: bihar cm nitish kumar congratulates bjp for up and uttarakhand victories, says rival parties ignored the fact that demonetisation gave satisfaction to poor.
i congratulate the congress for its victory in punjab.
i also appreciate that the congress turned out to be the largest party in manipur and goa elections, says kumar.
10.
53am: it was a big win (in constituency jaswantnagar), other things will be reviewed.
victory and defeat are constants in politics, says samajwadi partys shivpal yadav10.
08am: this is a victory of modi jis leadership and pro-poor policies.
the cm candidate for up will be decided by the bjps parliamentary board, says keshav prasad maurya7.
46am: not right, this is the worlds biggest democracy.
she lost because of wrong policies must accept: jaitley on mayawatis evm tampering allegations.
7.
42am: was popular among people and correct from economic point of view, bjp was set to benefit: finance minister arun jaitley on being asked whether demonetisation had an impact on election results7.
36am: it is a sign of change, shows that the country wants to walk with modi ji for development: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on election results7.
20am: the bjps parliamentary board meeting to be held today.
meet to discuss chief ministers selection in states where the party has got majority to form the government.
pm modi to visit party headquarters.
rashtriya janata dal chief lalu prasad accused the bjp-led government of a political witch-hunt after taxmen raided 22 locations in new delhi and nearby areas on tuesday over property deals worth rs 1,000 crore allegedly linked to him and his family.
the bjp last week accused prasad, his parliamentarian-daughter misa bharti and his two sons, both bihar government ministers, of benami deals and asked the union government to probe one such transaction in the national capital.
in a benami transaction the real beneficiary uses a front, or another person, in whose name the property is purchased and registered.
the practice is allegedly quite common among people with illegal cash trying to dodge the taxman.
a team of about 100 income tax officials and policemen conducted the raids at homes and offices of several prominent businessmen and real estate agents in delhi, gurgaon and rewari since morning.
properties of rjd parliamentarian pc guptas son were searched too.
people and businessmen connected to the land deal involving lalu prasad and his family are being searched.
there are allegations of benami deals worth about rs 1,000 crore and subsequent tax evasion, a senior tax official said.
former bihar chief minister prasad reacted sharply to the raids, saying he wont be cowed down by the bjps political vendetta.
bjp ko naiye alliance partners mubarak ho.
lalu prasad jhukney aur darney wala nahin.
jab tak aakhri saans hain fashiwaadi takhto ke saath lartha rahunga, he tweeted.
(congratulations to bjp on its new alliance partners.
lalu will continue to fight fascist forces till the last breath.
)his remarks on the alliance are viewed as a possibility of severing ties with chief minister nitish kumar of the jd(u), which was earlier a bjp partner.
the rjd and congress are part of the kumar-led grand alliance that defeated the bjp in 2015.
lalus two sons  tez pratap and tejaswi  are ministers in the government.
the rjd clarified later that prasad was referring to the income tax department and cbi as the bjps new partners.
finance minister arun jaitley defended the raids, saying the department and the cbi dont act unless there is a substantial basis and a reason to suspect that there is a tax evasion or a crime has been committed.
jaitleys colleague in the ministry, ravishankarprasad prasad, alleged the benami transactions were a case of quid pro quo as they date back to the period when the rjd chief was railway minister.
several suspect land deals took place in bihar, he said, and the rjd leaders official residence was the address of owners of firms allegedly floated by his family members.
the politics of lalu prasad has become politics of loot.
land worth crores of rupees was grabbed for a pittance, he said.
one such land deal involving prasad and his family is in bijwasan in delhi, the bjp minister alleged.
bihars biggest shopping mall spread over 7.
5 lakh square feet is coming up in patna as part of such dubious transactions, he said.
prasad is facing a barrage of corruption charges of late.
last week, the supreme court revived criminal conspiracy charges against him in one of the five pending cases in the fodder scam, one of the biggest scams in bihar.
the court ruling is seen as a setback for the regional leader who was disqualified from parliament and banned from contesting elections after he was convicted of corruption in 2013 in the fodder scam.
cricketer-turned politician navjot singh sidhu courted controversy on monday when he appealed to muslims to cast their votes for the congress in order to defeat prime minister narendra modi.
sidhu made the remarks while addressing an election rally in katihar where he was canvassing for congress candidate tariq anwar.
you comprise 64  of the total population in the constituency.
if you get united, you can uproot modi from delhi, he said.
congress might have once played a role in the freedom movement but this party is now known for encouraging tukde tukde gang and is seeking evidence of the valour of soldiers, said bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad.
terming religion a very private relationship between man and his god, a seven-judge bench of the supreme court, in a majority judgment on january 2, 2017, had held that an appeal for votes during elections on the basis of religion, caste, race, community or language, even that of the electorate, will amount to a corrupt practice and call for disqualification of the candidate.
the supreme court on april 8 last issued a notice to the election commission (ec) on a public interest litigation (pil) seeking strict action against political parties if their spokespersons and representatives deliver speeches or make remarks in the media pertaining to religion or caste.
we want the ec to take cognisance of sidhus speech and initiate necessary action against him in the light of the sc judgment, bihars deputy chief minister sushil modi said in darbhanga.
katihar district magistrate-cum-returning officer, punam, has directed the local sdo to look into the matter and submit a report.
punam said, the civil sdo has been directed to look into the matter and submit a report.
action will be taken against the leader after we get the report, she said.
for nda leaders, sidhus speech came as a much-awaited weapon to corner the opposition.
katihar district bjp president manoj roy said, sidhu has violated the model code of conduct and his speech has created a clear rift between the hindu and muslims.
jd-u leader sanjeev srivastava declared it a gross violation of the model code of conduct as well as the supreme court judgment.
bihar state congress party spokesperson bk thakur said sidhus speech was not dignified.
this seems an outburst of bjp leaders divisive speeches, he added.
sidhu, who is a star campaigner of the congress, could not be contacted for comments.
in a similar incident at deoband in uttar pradesh, bsp chief mayawati had warned the muslims not to split votes between congress and her alliance that led to a ban on her campaigning for 48 hours.
up chief minister yogi adityanath, sp leader azam khan and bjp leader menaka gandhi have also had to face action such speeches and seeking votes on basis of religion.
the comments by former cricketer at a rally in katihar, where he was canvassing in support of veteran congress leader and former union minister tariq anwar,sidhus comments drew an angry response from bjp which alleged that it was in the congress dna to divide the people.
congress might have once played a role in the freedom movement but this party is now known for encouraging tukde tukde gang and is seeking evidence of the valour of soldiers, said bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad.
it is part of the congress dna to divide.
it is not a new norm in this party.
he attacked congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra for her criticism of the saffron party over its interpretation of nationalism.
how does sidhus call to 64 per cent of minorities in the area to unite, help the country, he asked.
the supreme court collegium on wednesday deferred a decision on the elevation of uttarakhand high court chief justice km joseph to the top court.
a meeting of the collegium was necessitated after the government last week returned a recommendation to elevate justice joseph, saying at this stage does not appear to be appropriate.
after putting on hold justice josephs elevation, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on april 26 wrote to chief justice of india dipak misra: .
.
.
it would also not be fair and justified to other more senior, suitable, and deserving chief justices and senior judges of various high courts.
the collegium  a body of the five top judges headed by the chief justice of india (cji)  comprises justices j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, mb lokur and kurien joseph.
prasad rejected on wednesday suggestions that the government had turned down the elevation of justice joseph as he had once overturned the imposition of presidents rule in the state.
he also said the geovernment had the right to seek the reconsideration of proposals sent by the supreme court collegium as the power flows from three apex court judgments.
responding to questions on the decision to stall justice josephs appointment to the top court, prasad said sponsored allegations are being levelled against the government by the congress party in particular and others in general that josephs appointment was stalled due to his uttarakhand presidents rule verdict.
i wish to deny with all authority at my command.
it has nothing to do with that at all, he told reporters.
on april 25, the government cleared senior advocate indu malhotras appointment as a supreme court judge but held back the decision on justice joseph a break in tradition as judges who are recommended together are also appointed together to maintain seniority at par.
a number of supreme court lawyers urged the top court to put on hold malhotras appointment and direct the government to clear josephs name  a request that was rejected by a bench led by chief justice misra.
the bench said the government is within its rights to send back a name for reconsideration.
read | sc collegium names justice km joseph to top court, govt disagrees: a recapa petition was filed by senior lawyer indira jaising, which said appointments have now become a matter concerning the independence of judiciary.
jaising told the court that the government is stalling justice josephs appointment because as chief justice of uttarakhand high court he had quashed the imposition of presidents rule in uttarakhand, leading to the reinstatement of the harish rawat government.
the opposition congress reacted strongly to the governments move.
it accused prime minister narendra modi of suffocating the judiciary.
indian judiciary is in danger.
and if our judiciary is not united to protect its independence then democracy is in danger.
.
.
.
they want to pack high courts with their own people, senior congress leader kapil sibal said at a press conference.
the mood is upbeat at the prestigious patna university campus as two of its illustrious alumni and political heavyweights --shatrughan sinha and his long time friend-turned-political rival, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad- lock horns for the prestigious patna sahib seat.
while prasad is the bjp candidate from patna sahib, sinha, who recently joined congress will be representing the grand alliance (ga), a conglomerate of five parties.
the rivalry between the two for the patna sahib seat has grabbed limelight as sinha has been vocal about his criticism of bjp despite being a part of it till recently.
as the campaigning for the patna sahib seat, which goes to polls on may 19, gains momentum gradually, the patna university (pu) students, many of whom are first time voters, and the faculty, are excited that their two famous alumni are battling it out in the electoral arena and believe that whosoever wins will only bring pride and glory to their alma mater.
read | lok sabha election 2019: bihars patna sahib constituency will be closely watchedthe student unions and voters are charged up and have already started lobbying for their chosen candidates.
n k choudhary, former principal of patna college, said that voting should be done on the basis of ideology.
being an alumnus of any university should not be the basis for support.
as far ravishankarprasad prasad is concerned, he has been more consistent in politics and connected to the land of bihar.
in the given circumstances, i weigh ravishankarprasad prasad higher than shatrughan sinha for the simple reason that prasad holds a strong ideology.
i will vote for the one who upholds secular, socialist and democratic ideology rather than a strong personality.
our members and the students at a large, are clearly in the mood to support ravishankarprasad prasad as he had been a joint secretary of abvp in past and is a promise-fulfilling candidate.
he is a leader who works on the ground level.
youth has more confidence in prasad as his development work in the past has earned high credibility for him, said raja ravi, joint secretary of akhil bhartiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp), the bjps students wingmritunjya kumar, vice president of chhatra jd(u), also expressed the partys inclination towards ravishankarprasad prasad as he has been consistent in his political career and sticks to the same party and ideology.
the leader should be educated and wise enough for assessing the needs of the people and prasad possesses these qualities, he added.
also read | in patna sahib, its hope versus opportunism: ravishankarprasad prasadhowever, a section of students said that the contest may not be an easy one for the union minister, as serious discontent prevails against the central government for its failure to provide sufficient job opportunities for qualified youth.
pm modi had assured to dole out two crore jobs every year.
but the government did little to fulfil the aspirations of the youths.
switching parties cannot be treated as a parameter to evaluate ones contribution to the land because many great leaders have been switching their association from one party to another but peoples trust in them remain intact, said prabhat kumar chandrawanshi, state vice president, national student union of india (nsui).
tanweer hassan, former president of the states ncp student wing said, we will support sinha because he is a trusted leader, who had done a lot for patna sahib and his alma mater.
he brought aiims to patna, gave money for development of the pu science block and has always been in touch with the university students and faculty.
on the contrary, prasad has suddenly landed in the poll fray from delhi.
though his wife maya shankar is a lecturer, still prasad never cared to do anything for his alma mater.
the rajya sabha on thursday condemned the violence in bhima koregaon in maharashtra.
both houses of parliament saw continuous disruptions on wednesday over the riots in maharashtra, as opposition members created ruckus, forcing repeated adjournments.
a bill to ban instant triple talaq was tabled in the rajya sabha on wednesday, but the congress and the bjp indulged in a slugfest over the bill.
while the government wanted a debate on the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, the opposition wanted it to be sent to a select committee for scrutiny.
the winter session of parliament ends on friday, january 5.
here are the live updates:7:00pm: noting that it was public investment that had enabled the country to consistently achieve over 7  growth at a time of dismal private investment, finance minister arun jaitley in lok sabha says the government is bringing all possible resources to bear in order to resolve the issue of banks bad loans.
6:55pm: lok sabha passes bill to hike salaries of supreme court, high court judges.
6:54pm: the duplicity of the congress is quite clear, it has become a typical characteristic of the party: bjp leader sudhanshu trivedi on triple talaq bill.
6:50pm: double standards of the congress-led the opposition are exposed today and i think it is a shame that they are trying to obstruct this path of justice for indian muslim women, says union minister smriti irani on triple talaq bill.
6:35pm: the opposition stands exposed in rajya sabha.
for the past two days, it has been repeatedly said if there are any issues on triple talaq bill, they need to be put out on the floor of the house.
why is the congress-led opposition running away from discussion?
asks smirit irani.
6:25pm: discussion on supplementary grants bill, third batch, begins in lok sabha.
6:20pm: the government is isolated, the opposition is one.
the bill should be sent to the select committee, congress leader kapil sibal tells ani after rajya sabha debate over triple talaq bill.
6:14pm: today, the bjp has been exposed, they dont have the guts to empower women, says tmc mp derek o brien after rajya sabha debate.
6:00pm: law minister ravishankarprasad prasad replies to the discussion on the supreme court and high court judges salary hike bill.
good work of the judiciary needs to be appreciated.
the judges have also worked during vacations, to expedite cases.
5:49pm: rajya sabha adjourned till 11am on friday, after continued uproar over triple talaq bill.
5:46pm: tmc mp derek o brien says, its clear that this side (opposition) wants to empower women, and you (centre) stand exposed.
smriti irani replies: absolutely not, if you seriously want to empower women then have a discussion now.
5:45pm: anand sharma says the motion was moved on wednesday so the unfinished business must be finished.
he objects to taking up another bill instead of the triple talaq bill.
5:42pm: unless there is a consensus in the house, cannot take up the triple talaq bill, says deputy chairman of the rajya sabha.
i will have to go by the list of legislative business.
so the gst bill will be taken up, the chair says.
5:40pm: uproar in rajya sabha after oppositions motion on triple talaq bill, opposition has demanded the bill be sent to select committee.
5:30pm: rajya sabha takes up triple talaq bill.
arun jaitley says the amendment motion brought by anand sharma and sukhendu sekhar roy on wednesday were not as per the rules and hence should be rejected.
opposition mps protest, recall the chairs words that the motions were valid.
5:25pm: members in the rajya sabha express concern over the forcible eviction of some blind students by the delhi development authority, with the centre saying the affected persons were rehabilitated in an adjoining school.
4:45pm: government seeks parliaments approval for additional expenditure of rs 80,000 crore for recapitalisation of public sector banks.
4:30pm: a commission formed to examine repealing the habitual offenders act will submit its report in a couple of days after which a final decision will be taken in this regard, says union minister krishan pal gurjar in the rajya sabha.
4:00pm: rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu asks members to act responsibly to ensure smooth proceedings and assured them that whatever decision he takes would be to enhance the image of the house.
during a meeting, the triple talaq bill was discussed and the chairman asked both the opposition and the treasury benches to sort out the issue between them2:00pm: lok sabha approves amendments made by the rajya sabha in two bills- the national bank for agriculture and rural development (amendment) bill, and insolvency and bankruptcy code (amendment) bill- passed by it earlier.
1.
04pm: rajya sabha adjourned till 2pm.
1.
03pm: in the lok sabha, prahlad singh patel of the bjp raises the issue of rape and murder of girls belonging to dalit communities, and scheduled castes and scheduled tribes.
1.
00pm: in the lok sabha, the government tables a demand for additional grant of rs 80,000 crore for bank recapitalisation.
12.
55pm: minister of state for information and broadcasting rajyavardhan singh rathore informs the lok sabha that as much as 65  population of the country will soon be able to tune in to fm radio network.
currently, only 52  of the population can access fm radio network.
12.
24pm: home minister rajnath singh says nrc work in assam was going on under the directions of the supreme court.
if anyones name is left out, he/she can appeal and it will be looked into.
12.
20pm: in lok sabha, trinamool congress mp saugata roy says the national register of citizens was a conspiracy to drive out bengali people from assam in the name of illegal bangladeshi immigrants.
12.
17pm: rajya sabha amendment on the insolvency and bankruptcy code (amendment) bill adopted by lok sabha.
12.
05pm: in the rajya sabha, ritabrata banerjee said the centre should consider renaming west bengal as bangla, as a resolution has already been passed in the state assembly.
he said the name west bengal was given by the british during partition.
11.
55am: the rajya sabha will take up short duration discussions on the state of economy, investment climate and job creation in the country and the need to address the challenge of rising unemployment.
the upper house will also take up the goods and services tax (compensation to states) amendment bill, the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, the prevention of corruption (amendment) bill, the central road fund (amendment)bill, the state banks (repeal and amendment) bill, and the motor vehicles (amendment) bill.
11.
50am: lok sabha will take up a rajya sabha amendment on the insolvency and bankruptcy code (amendment) bill, and discuss the high court and the supreme court judges (salaries and conditions of service) amendment bill, the payment of gratuity (amendment) bill, the dentists (amendment) bill, the national council for teacher education (amendment) bill.
11.
42am: amar shankar sable of the bjp says gujarat leader jignesh mevani, and umar khalid made inflammatory speeches leading to the violence in maharashtra.
11.
40am: nominated member sambhaji chhatrapati, a descendent of maratha ruler chhatrapati shivaji, says shivaji as well as dr br ambedkar always worked for the uplift of the backward classes, and unity of the people.
11.
33am: d raja of cpi says dalit issue needs to be addressed by all parties, ramdas athawale says those who instigated and carried out the violence in bhima koregaon should be punished.
11.
25am: sharad pawar of ncp appeals to the government to bring the situation to normalcy as quickly as possible, kanimozhi of dmk seeks long-term solution to the issue of violence against dalits.
11.
20am: in the lok sabha, water resources minister nitin gadkari answers questions sharing of water and building barrages across the mahanadi river in odisha.
11.
17am: nadimul haque of trinamool congress demands stop to political lynching, dilip tirkey of bjd seeks probe into similar incidents of violence across india.
11.
14am: rajani patil of the congress starts discussion on bhima koregaon violence.
naresh agrawal of the samajwadi party says maharashtra government failed to provide security to people, demands report.
11.
10am: rajya sabha takes up issue of violence in bhima koregaon in maharashtra.
10.
53am: congress mp rajni patil gives notice in rajya sabha under rule 267 over bhima koregaon violence.
10.
52am: after a shift of the telugu desam party, a key ally of the bjp, other allies may also shift sides and demand the bills scrutiny by a select panel, opposition sources tell hindustan times.
10.
48am: if the government finally agrees to form a select panel to send the triple talaq bill for scrutiny, it will bring its own motion rather than supporting the one given by the congress anand sharma or by the trinamool congress, sources tell hindustan times.
10.
44am: trinamool congress leaders protest in front of the gandhi statue in parliament over the national register of citizens issue in assam.
10.
40am: bjp leaders protest in front of the gandhi statue in parliament against the murder of party worker deepak rao in karnatakas mangalore, demand case be transferred to the cbi.
9.
50am: since the bjp keeps trying to oppress and insult the muslim community, everyone agreed that it should be sent to a select committee, and a decision should be arrived on after taking into consideration all groups interests, says shakeel ahmad.
9.
49am: everyone wants the bill to not be rushed through.
it is a very sensitive issue that should be thoroughly discussed.
the muslim personal law board has objected to it, and muslim women across the nation are protesting it, says congress leader shakeel ahmad.
9.
47am: there are certain provisions in the bill that could harm families.
this is what (prime minister narendra) modi ji wants.
it is the mentality of modi ji and the sangh parivar, because of which there have been efforts to insult the muslim community, congress leader shakeel ahmad tells ani.
9.
45am: congress says the bill on triple talaq, if implemented sans amendments, could harm many families.
# what is the triple talaq bill?
this bill gives power to the victim to approach a magistrate seeking subsistence allowance for herself and minor children in the case of instant triple talaq or talaq-e-biddat.
a victim can also seek the custody of her minor children from the magistrate.
under the law, instant triple talaq in any form - spoken, in writing or by electronic means such as email, sms and whatsapp - would be illegal and void.
the government has reserved its decision on giving apple sops to start its manufacturing plant in india for now as apple top executives presented a detailed plan of its entry into india.
according to top officials in the commerce ministry, apple in its presentation asked for sops like freigh subsidy, waiver of import duties and export subsidy.
an inter-ministerial committee on wednesday was expected to decide if your apple iphone and ipad will get cheaper.
apple has asked for sops from the government to start manufacturing in india and analysts along with industry leaders see this as an opportunity to lure big telecom equipment manufacturers to india.
how will the iphone get cheaper?
simple, if apple starts locally assembling or making earphones, adapters (chargers) and batteries then it will only pay 2  of import subsidy rather than 12.
5  that it pays to bring them the accessories to india.
read: apple may make in india, but with more incentivesalso if it assembles phones in india, it will only pay 1  duty on the finished iphone rather than 12.
5 .
so essentially if the iphone is priced at rs 60,000, then as per 12.
5  duty, apple is expected to pay rs 7,500.
but if it locally makes the device, then it pays only rs 600.
the differential duty structure will indirectly benefit consumers and apple will be able to pass on most or rather the full rs 6,900 balance to indian consumers.
if the government gives apple sops, then simply your apple devices prices will come down, a top industry expert told ht.
read: macbook launch: will the new pcs cure apples achilles heel in india?
though india is still keen for the u.s. tech giant to produce its signature smartphones here.
information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad recently said that india would keep an open mind in negotiations.
we will very much like apple to come and have a base in india, he said.
but apple inc has a long list of incentives and tax sops that it wants before it starts manufacturing in india.
three departments within the indian government are looking into apple incs list of demands.
they are: the department of industrial production and promotion, department of revenue and department of information and technology.
this panel will take a final decision on apples demands on wednesday.
read: apples improved ios to change iphone experienceapple has been looking for several duty and tax incentives for manufacturing handsets in india, but the government is unlikely to make any exception for one company, said a top official in one of the departments mentioned above.
speaking to ht on conditions of anonymity, the official said that any exception for the iphone manufacturer will defeat the purpose of an integrated policy such as make-in-india.
apple wants more incentives from the government under the make in india.
local manufacturing will help apple open retail stores in the country.
taiwans hon hai precision industry co ltd (foxconn), which makes apple devices, has a manufacturing facility in southern india.
read: apple leads in smartphone profits with 91  share, samsung not in top fiveapple wants higher exemptions since there are not many high-end phone-component makers in india to buy from, said another government official, who did not wish to be named.
the company will have to manufacture the components in india, and it has to meet international standards.
apple ceo tim cook has said that the company was looking at india as the next big market.
apple was not in india for a year or two, instead 100s of years, cook said during his visit to india earlier in the year.
the government already offers several initiatives, including differential duty structure, modified special incentive package scheme (msips) and zero-duty on import of all components except adapters, batteries and headsets, for global and local manufacturers, under make in india.
read: indias loss, americas gain?
apple may shift iphone factory to usaimed at promoting electronic manufacturing, msips provides capital subsidy of 20  in special economic zones (sezs) and 25  in non-sezs, in the form of reimbursement of excise for capital equipment.
for high-capital investment projects, it also provides for reimbursement of central taxes and duties.
however, apple seems dissatisfied with just these benefits.
a person in the know of things said that india is now being compared to manufacturing destinations like vietnam and china.
earlier, the tim cook-led company had sought relaxation of local sourcing norms under the shield of state-of-the-art and cutting edge technology providers.
read: nokia has sued apple in 11 countries.
here is whya foreign brand looking to open single-brand retail stores in india is mandated to source 30  from indian manufacturers for a minimum period of three years.
with prime minister narendra modis intervention, apple is likely to see a relaxation on this.
apple wants higher exemptions since there are not many high-end phone-component makers in india to buy from, said a government official, who did not wish to be named.
the company will have to manufacture the components in india, and it has to meet international standards.
competitors such as south koreas samsung electronics and chinas xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country.
read: apple cuts iphone 6s, 6s plus prices by rs 22,000 ahead of iphone 7 launchin may 2016, modi and cook agreed to work towards a package of four projects: assembling iphones, opening apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iphones and refurbishing them in india, according to the letter.
apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iphones in india over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year.
new delhi: the centre has launched a nationwide drive to reduce the number of cases pending in courts by curtailing the zeal of governments and its departments in filing litigations.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has written to all union ministers and chief ministers to launch special arrears clearance drives to reduce pending cases and minimise fresh litigation.
the government and its departments are litigants in nearly half (46 ) of the 3.
14 crore litigations pending in different courts in the country, leading to a huge cost to the government, prasad wrote last week.
the law ministry reasons that pendency of cases can be brought down simply by reducing cases originating from within the government or making it a party to a case.
the state governments and union ministries should identify frivolous and vexatious matters and separate them from matters with merit, he wrote.
the government must cease to be a compulsive litigant and executive power should be used to reduce the grievance of the future litigant.
virtually spelling out that litigation is the last resort will be the governments policy while going forward, prasad has asked his counterparts in other ministries to ensure that departments under them use alternative dispute resolution methods like mediation to reduce litigation against the government.
underlining the seriousness of the drive, prasad has also asked all ministries and states to submit quarterly compliance reports on reducing pendency by withdrawing, settling or disposing of cases.
i am directing the secretary justice to hold meetings with all ministries/departments to review this matter regularly, he wrote.
the government has come under sharp criticism by the apex court for not filling vacancies in the judiciary, leading to pile up of cases.
with a stand-off between the judiciary and the executive persisting over appointment of judges, the government has come up with this plan to reduce pending cases.
.
the appointment panel of top supreme court judges will meet on wednesday evening to decide on the appointment of uttarakhand chief justice km joseph as a judge to the top court.
the collegium  a body of the five top judges headed by the chief justice of india (cji)  is expected to meet after 4 pm, once courts rise upon completing the days work.
justices j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, mb lokur and kurien joseph are the collegium members.
last wednesday, the government cleared the appointment of senior advocate indu malhotra as an sc judge but put on hold the collegiums recommendation on elevating joseph.
in 2016, a bench headed by justice joseph had quashed presidential rule imposed in uttarakhand.
congress government returned to power in the state after the judgment.
after putting on hold justice josephs elevation, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad wrote to chief justice of india dipak misra to say, the proposed appointment of justice km joseph at this stage does not appear to be appropriate.
it would also not be fair and justified to other more senior, suitable, and deserving chief justices and senior judges of various high courts.
the collegium will consider the law ministers letter in their meeting today.
the recommendation is likely to be reiterated.
as per an sc ruling, the government has to notify justice josephs appointment if the collegium sends the file back reinforcing its proposal.
justice josephs file was returned by the government three months after the collegium had sent it on january 10.
the collegium had proposed justice josephs name, saying he is deserving and suitable in all respects than other chief justice and senior puisne judges of other hcs.
government had said the proposal was not in accordance with the top courts parameters and there was adequate representation of kerala in the higher judiciary from where he hails.
the government is preparing for the eventuality of the collegium recommending justice km josephs name once again for elevation to the top court.
historically, the collegium has usually sent the same recommendation back even after the government suggested that it be reconsidered, said a government official who asked not to be named.
the issue here is whether seniority and regional representation should be allowed to take a back seat or not, this person added.
legal experts say the government may not have the scope of seeking yet another reconsideration if the collegium suggests justice jopeshs name again, but that it could adopt another strategy.
the collegium is well within its rights to send the same recommendation once more.
but the government can sit over the proposal as no deadline has been fixed for it to approve the decision, former law secretary tk vishwanathan said.
minorities affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi hosted an iftar for muslim women at his official residence in new delhi on wednesday.
naqvis iftar  the only one by a minister in the bjp-led government  was attended by a host of his cabinet colleagues including home minister rajnath singh and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
union ministers prakash javadekar, smriti irani, harshvardhan and mj akbar were among those who trooped in shortly after the conclusion of the council of ministers meeting chaired by prime minister modi.
asked for his comment on the event hosted by gandhi, naqvi said while the congress was trying to use iftar for political engineering, this is an occasion that shows the government is working for the people.
naqvis office also used the occasion to distribute books on initiatives taken by the ministry in the last four years.
naqvi said nearly 400 muslim women from delhi and uttar pradesh had been invited.
muslim womens empowerment is our governments stated goal.
this is a major step in that direction, the bjp leader said.
a number of women present at the event were those who had been divorced by their husbands through talaq-e-biddat or instant triple talaq that the central government intends to make a punishable offence under the law, even after the supreme court struck down the practice as void last year.
speaking to reporters, prasad said the proposed law was brought in by the government for the dignity of indian women.
he later said in a tweet, it was so assuring to see large number of muslim women demanding justice from unconstitutional practice of triple talaq who repeatedly asked me to get the law regarding this passed soon (sic).
we have come here to raise the issue of loss of livelihood among a number of muslim families due to closure of slaughterhouses, shaista amber, president of the all india women personal law board, said.
even as the aadhaar enrolment touched 111 crore on republic day, the total savings by the central and state exchequers by deploying it stood at rs 36,144 crore in two years, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here on friday.
the chunk of the savings came from the governments pahal scheme for cooking gas cylinders where money is deposited directly in the consumers accounts which are linked with aadhaar.
in 2014-15, the government saved rs 14,672 crore, and in 2015-16, rs 6,912 crore on account of pahal scheme.
aadhaar generation has crossed the 111+ crore mark.
its a great achievement towards inclusion of everyone into national development fabric.
it has come a long way in less than six and a half years of its journey from being a unique identification programme to transform itself into a critical development tool of public-centric good governance and targeted delivery of services, benefits and subsidies, the minister said.
aadhaar enrolment ecosystem with 135 registrars and 612 enrolment agencies working at 47,192 enrolment stations has been enrolling and updating 7-8 lakh requests per day, prasad said.
aadhaar generation as on may 31, 2014 was 63.
22 crore with a per day enrolment and update trend of about 3-4 lakh which remained around 5-6 lakh per day till october 2016.
however, since demonetisation the aadhaar enrolment and update requests are in the range of 7-8 lakh per day, he added.
dispelling apprehensions on privacy and data security, prasad said: the government is vigilant towards privacy protection and database security which is our paramount concern.
we have aadhaar act 2016 which has strict provisions for protection of data and privacy.
as of now, more than 47 crore bank accounts have been seeded with aadhaar number out of which 38.
5 crore are uniquely seeded.
the present rate of aadhaar linking to bank accounts is around 1.
8 crore per month which was about 60 lakh per month prior to demonetisation.
post demonetization, from nov 9, 2016 till jan 15 over 8.
39 crore aadhaar enabled payment system (aeps) transactions have happened in the field, of which over 3.
73 crore transactions took place in december 2016 and 2.
06 crore transactions in first 15 days of january 2017.
earlier aeps transactions were about 2.
57 crore and 2.
69 crore in october and november 2016 respectively.
congress leader shatrughan sinha on saturday took a u-turn on his muhammad ali jinnah statement, saying that the remark was a slip of tongue.
speaking to ani, sinha said he wanted to take maulana azads name but instead, uttered the name of pakistan founder muhammad ali jinnah.
the actor-turned-politicians clarification came after he courted controversy for saying that from mahatma gandhi to muhammad ali jinnah, all are part of congress parivar.
whatever i said yesterday was slip of tongue.
i wanted to say maulana azad but uttered muhammad ali jinnah, he claimed.
sinha, who recently left bjp and joined congress, lauded muhammad ali jinnah along with mahatma gandhi, sardar patel, and jawaharlal nehru, saying they all had a role to play for indias independence.
ye congress parivar mahatma gandhi se leke, sardar vallabhbhai patel se leke, muhammad ali jinnah se leke, jawaharlal nehru se leke, swargiya indira gandhi se leke, rajiv gandhi se leke aur rahul gandhi se leke.
.
.
inki party hai jinka desh ke vikas me, desh ki tarakki me, desh ki azadi me sabse mehatvapurna aur sabse bada yogdaan hua, isliye hum yaha aye (congress family from mahatma gandhi to sardar patel to muhammad ali jinnah to jawaharlal nehru.
.
.
it is their party.
they had the most important role in development and freedom of the country.
this is the reason why i have come here (in congress), sinha said while addressing a rally here.
sinha was in madhya pradesh to campaign for the state chief minister kamal naths son nakul nath, who is contesting from the chhindwara lok sabha parliamentary constituency against bjps nathan shah.
both kamal nath and his son were present at the event.
meanwhile, sinha will be contesting the ongoing polls from bihars patna sahib constituency against bjps ravishankarprasad prasad.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
the government cleared on wednesday the appointment of senior advocate indu malhotra as a supreme court judge but kept on hold the top court collegiums recommendation on elevating uttarakhand high court chief justice km joseph, according to two people familiar with the matter.
the collegium  a body of the five top judges headed by the chief justice of india (cji) that appoints judges  had on january 10 cleared the names of justice joseph and lawyer malhotra.
while the government took up malhotras case, it will spend more time to consider justice josephs file, one of the people quoted above said on condition of anonymity.
malhotra  a renowned arbitration expert  was, in 2007, only the second woman to be appointed a senior advocate by the court, three decades after leila seth made history.
she is the first woman to be nominated to the supreme court directly from the bar.
though segregation of recommendations (separate processing of names that have been sent by the collegium together) is rare in the supreme court, a government official defended the move, saying it was done routinely in the past in the case of high court judges appointments.
the norm of appointing candidates, whose names have been cleared together, at the same time ensures that their seniority is not compromised, explained a former sc judge who did not want to be named.
judges who are appointed to the supreme court first are considered senior to those who are appointed later.
while justice joseph has been the chief justice of the uttarakhand high court since july 2014, malhotra was part of a committee headed by former sc judge justice bn srikrishna to advise on a revamp of indias institutional arbitration apparatus.
justice joseph is the senior-most chief justice of a high court but in the all-india list of seniority, he figured at number 42 as on april 1, said one of the officials quoted above.
he added that the government may raise his seniority for taking longer to consider his name.
the last time the government had to segregate two recommendations made together, it led to a controversy.
the then chief justice of india rm lodha had written a strongly worded letter to the law minister against it on june 30, 2014.
the current law minister ravishankarprasad prasad was in office then too.
justice lodha had at that time said the move was made without his knowledge and consent and unilaterally.
the same problem arose at the time (senior advocate) gopal subramanian was recommended.
the government segregated his name from the other threei had written to the law minister saying it should not be done without consulting the cji.
i emphasised that to the law minister.
my view is it should not be done and that stands, lodha said on tuesday, before the name had been cleared.
subramanians name was sent back to the collegium for reconsideration, after which the lawyer withdrew his consent for elevation.
the delay in processing the january 10 recommendations was raised by justice kurien joseph in a letter to the cji on april 9.
the sc had only sent the recommendations to the law ministry on january 22, after which the process of considering the names started, an official confirmed.
a sea of red broken only by patches of white was the sight in lucknow as the newly inducted samajwadi party member poonam sinha undertook a road show ahead of filing her nomination papers at the collectors office in lucknow on thursday.
poonam sinha, who is congress leader shatrughan sinhas wife, is contesting the lok sabha elections from lucknow against union home minister and senior bjp leader rajnath singh.
poonam joined the samajwadi party on tuesday in the presence of dimple yadav, samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadavs wife.
poonam sinhas candidature from lucknow was announced by akhilesh yadav a day later, on wednesday.
shatrughan sinha had earlier said that he would campaign for his wife, but not for any other non-congress leader.
as poonam sinha goes up against veteran bjp leader rajnath singh, congresss candidate from lucknow acharya pramod krishnan has protested against shatrughan campaigning for poonam sinha.
poonam sinhas road show began from the party office in lucknow on akhilesh yadavs kaam bolta hai rath.
accompanying her were shatrughan sinha and dimple yadav.
all three of them were raised via a hydraulic lift to the roof of the rath that the samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav had got made especially for the 2017 assembly elections.
known as the kaam bolta hai rath, a throwback to the samajwadi partys slogan of kaam bolta hai (my work speaks for itself), it has been taken out every time the yadav family members have gone to file their nomination papers.
shatrughan sinha and poonam sinha inside the samajwadi partys kaam bolta hai rath as they head to the lucknow collectors office where poonam filed her nomination papers.
( ht photo )the procession also turned into a show of strength for the samajwadi party as all that anyone could see either in front or behind the rath were people wearing the samajwadi partys trademark red caps.
while poonam sinha was dressed in a light green, embroidered saree, dimple yadav wore a dark blue saree, with shatrughan sinha accompanying them in an off-white kurta pyjama.
addressing the crowds from the roof of the bus during the road show, shatrughan sinha said, our twin sons too are here.
the issue is of the family, the issue is the mahagathbandhan (sp-bsp-rld alliance), the issue is of mahaparivartan (major change), the issue is of samajwadi party, the issue is of bahujan samaj party; the issue is of lucknows development, the issue is of ups development; and above all the issue is of restoring the countrys lost glory.
in the fight against injustice, we are with you.
our family is with you.
poonam sinha waves to the crowds as shatrughan sinha and dimple yadav accompany her atop the rath during the road show taken out in lucknow on thursday.
( ht photo )shatrughan sinha, an outspoken critic of prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah, had opted to leave the bjp after he was dropped as the partys candidate from patna sahib.
the bjp instead opted to field union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad from the constituency.
shatrughan sinha formally joined the congress on april 6 in the presence of the congress president rahul gandhi.
he has been fielded from patna sahib as the congresss candidate against ravishankarprasad prasad.
the winter session of parliament came to an end on friday, with both houses being adjourned sine die.
the rajya sabha did not take up the triple talaq bill, with the government earlier rejecting the oppositions insistence on sending the bill to a select committee for detailed scrutiny.
a few bills were introduced, and a few motions were adopted.
rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu congratulated the members on the work done, but also said members should retrospect on the time wasted in disruptions over various important bills.
heres what happened on the last day of the winter session: budget session from january 29, budget on february 1the budget session of parliament will start on january 29 and the budget will be tabled on february 1, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar said on friday.
president ram nath kovind will address a joint sitting of the lok sabha and the rajya sabha on january 29.
the economic survey will also be tabled on the same day.
the session will go on a break on february 9.
the second part of the budget session will start on march 5 and conclude on april 6, the minister said.
world bank to give $500 mn for skill development programmea skill development programme with the world banks assistance of $500 million will be implemented in the country under a six-year schedule, finance minister arun jaitley said on friday.
the skills acquisition and knowledge awareness for livelihood (sankalp) was a project with an estimate of $675 million, jaitley said in the lok sabha.
the world bank assistance of $500 million will come in two tranches of $250 million each.
the first tranche has been approved for implementation.
accordingly, a loan agreement with international bank for reconstruction and development (ibrd) for an amount of $250 million has been signed by the government on december 13, 2017, he said during question hour.
the total repayment period of this loan amount is 18 years including a grace period of 6 years.
venkaiah to decide on privilege notice against rahulrajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu said on friday he will take necessary decision at the earliest on a privilege notice served by bjp mp bhupinder yadav against congress president rahul gandhi.
however, he said the matter fell under the purview of the lok sabha.
on december 28, yadav had given notice alleging that the congress president had intentionally, maliciously and disrespectfully twisted the name of leader of the house and finance minister arun jaitley in a tweet.
gandhi had tweeted in connection with jaitleys statement after an agreement to end an impasse in the rajya sabha was reached between the treasury and opposition benches over prime minister narendra modis remarks against his predecessor manmohan singh during the gujarat assembly election campaign.
on the last day of the winter session, yadav wanted to know the fate of his privilege notice, to which naidu said it was under his consideration.
modi walks up to manmohan in rajya sabha, shakes handsprime minister narendra modi shook hands on friday with former prime minister manmohan singh soon after the rajya sabha was adjourned sine die.
the handshake came just weeks after the duo was locked in a bitter war of words over the gujarat election.
after chairman m venkiah naidu adjourned the house, modi was seen moving towards the opposition benches shaking hands with some members.
he reached the seat of the former prime minister, shook hands with him for quite some time and spoke to him.
among others with whom modi was seen shaking hands were deputy chairman pj kurien and veteran congress leader karan singh, who was bid farewell by the upper house as his tenure ends on january 27.
man raises slogans inside lok sabha, whisked awaya man raised slogans in the visitors gallery of the lok sabha on friday morning, but was immediately whisked away by security personnel.
as soon as finance minister arun jaitley ended his reply on farm loan waiver during question hour around 11.
30am, the man raised bharat mata ki jai slogan twice.
he was immediately taken away by three security personnel present in the visitors gallery.
the proceedings were not disrupted, and security personnel said the speaker would decide on whether the person should be let off or a case registered against him with delhi police.
rajya sabha adjourned sine diethe rajya sabha was adjourned sine die on friday, bring the winter session to an end.
chairman m venkaiah naidu congratulated the members on the work done, especially in condemning the treatment by pakistan to the family members of indian naval officer kulbhushan jadhav, who is in a jail in islamabad.
naidu, however, said members should retrospect on the time wasted by the house in disruptions over various important bills.
bill for international arbitration centre introduceda bill for establishing an international arbitration centre in delhi was introduced in the lok sabha on friday.
the new delhi international arbitration centre bill, 2018, was introduced by minister of state for law pp chaudhary.
the bill proposes the establishment of an independent and autonomous regime for institutionalised arbitration and for acquisition and transfer of undertakings of the international centre for alternative dispute resolution.
lok sabha adjourned sine diethe lok sabha was adjourned sine die on friday, bringing the winter session to an end.
speaker sumitra mahajan said the lower house sat for 61 hours over 13 sittings.
the session started on december 15.
congress doing injustice to muslim women: ananth kumarunion parliamentary affairs ministers ananth kumar accused the congress of doing injustice to muslim women by opposing the triple talaq bill, saying the party should learn from the past and let the legislation pass.
they are not thinking about ensuring justice to muslim sisters.
they are doing injustice the same way they did in the shah bano case, kumar told reporters outside parliament on friday.
condemning the congresss demand to refer the bill to the select committee, kumar said: every day, they bring a new excuse and their demand to refer the bill to the select committee is just a trick to misguide all.
i condemn this.
rajya sabha bades farewell to retiring membersthe upper house bade farewell on friday to three retiring members -- karan singh, janardan dwivedi and parvez hashmi -- all three representing the national capital territory of delhi.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad of the congress and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad convey their wishes.
panel tables report on customer satisfaction with airlinesthe parliamentary standing committee for transport has laid a report on the table of rajya sabha on issues related to improving customer satisfaction with airlines, reports ani.
the committee deliberated on issues of exorbitant fares during festival seasons, holiday seasons, natural disasters and political and social unrest.
it also noted that there were many incidents of manhandling, and discourteous and rude behaviour by airline staff.
majority of the committee members said the attitude of airline staff was very condescending, often uncooperative and on many occasions, downright rude.
bjp questions credibility of jadhav videothe bjp slammed pakistan over the release of a video of former indian naval officer kulbhushan jadhav.
such videos will be taken seriously only if those circulating the video are credible enough.
unfortunately, pakistan does not understand that their credibility has reached a nadir.
nobody is now ready to believe what pakistan is saying, no matter how many such videos they decide to bring out, bjp vice president and rajya sabha mp vinay sahasrabuddhe told ani.
another bjp mp prabhat jha also questioned the credibility of the video.
it would be a mistake to think that pakistan could release a credible video of kulbhushan jadhav, jha told ani.
bjp, congress issue whipthe bjp issued a whip asking all its mps to remain present in both the houses of parliament on friday.
the congress also issued a whip on friday for its members in the rajya sabha, asking them to remain present in the house on the last day of the session.
bills to be introduced, or taken up for debate and discussionthe rajya sabha will take up for consideration the goods and services tax (compensation to states) amendment bill, 2017, the triple talaq bill or the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2017, the prevention of corruption (amendment) bill, 2013, the central road fund (amendment) bill, 2017, the state banks (repeal and amendment) bill, 2017, the motor vehicles (amendment) bill, 2017.
in the lok sabha, the government will seek to withdraw the consumer protection bill, 2015 and introduce the consumer protection bill, 2018.
the lower house will also take up the new delhi international arbitration centre bill, 2018, the payment of gratuity (amendment) bill, 2017, the dentists (amendment) bill, 2017, the national council for teacher education (amendment) bill, 2017 and the representation of the people (amendment) bill, 2017.
bjp president amit shah on monday listed the steps taken by the narendra modi-led nda government to what he said brought india on the world stage and tackled several domestic issues plaguing the country.
amit shah was speaking at the event to release the bjps manifesto or sankalp patra just two days ahead of the lok sabha election 2019.
prime minister modi, union ministers rajnath singh and sushma swaraj were among those present at the launch of the manifesto at the partys headquarters in new delhi.
the last five years from 2014 to 2019 were golden years for india.
it was for the first time after 30 years that a full majority government came.
despite a majority, we formed the nda government, amit shah said.
watch: nationalism, farmers, youth- focus of bjps 75-point manifestothere was a time india did not matter in front of the world and in the last five years, the entire world has taken cognisance of us, he said.
in five years, the government led by prime minister narendra modi has taken 50 major decisions for the betterment of the country and transformed the country, amit shah said.
the bjps manifesto was prepared after consulting six crore people.
when we came to power in 2014, our country was ranked as the 11th major economy and today, it stands as the fifth major economy, shah said.
we are going forward with 75 resolutions that we can fulfil by the year 2022 when india completes 75 years of independence, he added.
the ruling party focussed on pension schemes for small and marginal farmers and rashtriya vyapari ayog for the trading community, days after the congress vowed to bring about several welfare measures, including a grant of rs 72,000 to the poorest 20  households in the country, if voted to power.
the party also reiterated its promise of building the ram mandir made in the last elections, saying the temple will be built as soon as possible in a harmonious environment.
union home minister rajnath singh-led manifesto committee of the bjp had decided to form 15 sub-panels to reach out to the different group of voters in january this year.
the 20-member manifesto committee included union ministers arun jaitley, ravishankarprasad prasad, nirmala sitharaman, thaawarchand gehlot, piyush goyal, and mukhtar abbas naqvi.
it also has former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, bihars deputy chief minister sushil modi, his uttar pradesh counterpart, keshav prasad maurya, among its members.
polling will be held in seven phases across the country from april 11 to may 19.
the results will be declared on may 23.
chief justice js khehar has constituted a special committee to suggest ways to ensure uniformity in the selection of judges for all lower courts, which have over 4,000 vacancies.
though the decision to streamline appointments in the subordinate judiciary was taken on the administrative side, justice khehar announced it after a senior advocate requested him to list a pil dealing with the issue on wednesday.
the advocate, vijay hansaria, informed the bench that the top court has been monitoring the process for years  nudging the high courts to adopt a uniform procedure.
the case in hand was heard last july.
i want to share a secret.
we have formed a panel that will give its report within 15 days.
wait till then.
if that does not happen, you can mention it again, the chief justice told hansaria.
the countrys subordinate judiciary is being weighed in by over two crore cases.
law ministry data has suggested that while 41  of these cases are less than two years old, over 10  have been languishing before various lower courts for more than a decade.
justice khehars move to set up the panel comes close on the heels of law minister ravishankarprasad prasad questioning the judiciary over its inaction in filling up trial court vacancies.
prasad had gone on the offensive after former chief justice ts thakur criticised the government for sitting on recommendations to appoint high court judges.
the posts of over 4,000 subordinate judges are lying vacant.
why are they not being filled up?
neither the centre nor the state governments have any role to play in this because they have to be filled by the respective high courts on their own accord or through the public service commission, the law minister said.
the committee will deal with issues such as fixing the dates for floating advertisements, conducting examinations and interviews, and issuance of appointment letters.
hansaria, who has been assisting the court on the pending pil, said he was hopeful of a concrete decision from the administration.
however, the same has to be incorporated on the judicial side, so high courts are made to follow it, he told ht.
the advocate said there hasnt been a major improvement in the situation despite the top court issuing several directives in his case.
the indian government has conveyed its concerns at a very senior level in the us administration on the move to curb h-1b visa processing, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on tuesday.
i think our concerns at a very senior level have already been conveyed to the government of usa.
i would not like to get into the details except that indian it companies are giving good value addition to us companies, prasad told reporters on the sidelines of icegov conference.
the us said last week it will temporarily suspend premium processing of h-1b visas from april 3, eliminating the option of shorter waiting period for the programme that helps highly skilled foreigners work at american firms.
under the current system, companies submitting applications for h-1b visas for potential employees can pay an additional sum for expedited service, which is known as premium processing.
the temporary suspension could last up to six months, according to the us citizenship and immigration services (uscis).
premium processing costs an additional $1,225 and ensures a response from the uscis within 15 days or the fee is refunded.
processing of standard h-1b applications takes between 3 and 6 months.
prasad said that the indian it companies are servicing more than 75  of fortune 500 companies.
they are making them more competitive and giving them extraordinary value addition.
i am given to understand that they have paid around $20 billion tax revenue in last 5 years.
they have created 4,00,000 jobs, not only in america but other parts of the world.
indian it companies and it professionals are giving lot of opening to american companies in india, prasad said.
he also said that the whole it movement in the world is based on sharing and reciprocity.
on recent reports of misuse of aadhaar data, prasad said that the unique id is completely safe and secure and that some people were trying to play mischief in a sponsored manner against whom police have taken action.
with hardly 20 days left for the assembly polls, congress is yet to come up with its list of star campaigners even as the bjp has released a heavyweight list of over 40 star campaigners including prime minister narendra modi and partys national president amit shah.
the list of star campaigners submitted by bjps national general secretary arun singh to the election commission on january 24 for poll-bound uttarakhand also include union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley, manohar parrikar, nitin gadkari, ravishankarprasad prasad, uma bharti and smriti irani among others.
it features at least 15 prominent bjp leaders from uttarakhand like former chief ministers bhuwan chandra khanduri, bhagat singh koshyari and ramesh pokhriyal nishank.
the list also includes three former congress leaders who are now in the bjp - ex cm vijay bahuguna and former cabinet ministers yashpal arya and harak singh rawat.
the saffron party will also bring two film celebrities  hema malini and manoj tiwari  both of whom are actors-turned-parliamentarians.
largely dependent on the gandhi family for its campaigning, congress is yet to announce its star campaigners for the february 15 polls.
mathura dutt joshi, state congress chief spokesperson, said the party had drawn up a draft list of around 31 leaders whom it wants to bring to uttarakhand as its star-campaigners.
we have sent the list to our central leadership for their consent.
.
.
some more names may be added (to the list) by them.
we hope to release the names soon so that campaigning can start in a big way, joshi told ht.
besides sonia and rahul gandhi  congress national president and vice president respectively  the partys list is likely to include all india congress committee general secretary ambika soni (who is also the partys state in charge), besides politicians jyotiraditya scindia, sachin pilot and manish tewari and also leaders from uttarakhand.
the bjp is trying to take undue political advantage by bringing its union ministers to uttarakhand as it is desperately looking to seize power in the state, joshi alleged.
the opposition bjp, however, retorted by alleging that congress party was bereft of leadership.
we have taken a clear lead over the congress, right from announcing our candidates to our star campaigners.
we have many stalwarts so we are utilising them.
.
.
what does congress have?
they do not have many options (for star campaigners) and their allegation is only a case of sour grapes, state bjp spokesperson vinay goyal told ht.
the supreme court reinstated criminal conspiracy charges against bjp leaders lk advani, murli manohar joshi and uma bharti in the babri masjid demolition case.
the cbi had petitioned the court for restoring criminal conspiracy charges against the senior bjp leaders for the demolition of the mughal-era mosque on december 6, 1992.
the incident sparked one of indias worst communal riots that left more than 3,000 people dead.
the ayodhya structure was demolished by supporters of the right-wing vishwa hindu parishad (vhp) over a belief that hindu god ram was born at the spot where babur, the first mughal emperor, had built the mosque.
here is how the situation progressed:1:55pm: bjps ravishankarprasad prasad defends party leaders, says they are behind lk advani, murli manohar joshi and others.
1:50pm: this country belongs to the cow, ganga, ram and the tricolour.
i will defend them if they are insulted, uma bharti says as she ends the press conference.
1:45pm: why should i regret it.
i was involved in the ayodhya incident.
i remain unrepentant.
1:40pm: i want to tell the country its time for the ram mandir to be built.
there is no conspiracy.
yes, i was there in ayodhya on december 6.
.
.
im not one of those who are glued to power: uma bharti1:35pm: union water resources minister uma bharti holds a press conference: she says there was no conspiracy in the babri masjid demolition case.
.
.
for ayodhya, for ganga, for the tricolour, im ready to bear any sentence.
.
.
why should i resign.
bharti turns the allegations against congress on the emergency when asked if she will resign on the opposition partys demand.
party which was behind emergency and 1984 riots has no right to demand my resignation: union minister uma bharti #babrimasjid pic.
twitter.com/jdwetlzlxc  ani (@ani_news) april 19, 2017the (babri masjid) case is yet to conclude.
im have not yet pronounced guilty.
for ram mandir, im ready to leave even indras seat, not just a ministerial seat.
1:19pm: congress leader kapil sibal speaks on the verdict: it is a substantial step forward in the cause of justice.
it means the majesty of law has been upheld.
.
.
im happy about that.
12:50pm: bjp reacts to the sc order, says the party will study the verdict in detail: ani quotes sambit patra as saying.
12pm: after the sc directive, shiv senas sanjay raut says the government should withdraw the chargesheet.
how can on one hand you do this and then talk of building ram mandir?
bjp was elected to uttar pradesh earlier this year, with construction of a ram mandir in ayodhya one of its primary poll planks.
11:15am: congress welcomes the sc ruling though it says it is delayed.
it is little late in the day but nevertheless satisfying to note that the law will be taking its own course, says congress spokesperson manish tewari.
11:10am: others who will face criminal conspiracy charges are vinay katiyar,sadhvi ritambara,satish pradhan,champat rai bansal and late giriraj kishore, reports ani11am: cbi shall ensure that on every hearing, there is a prosecution witness.
the case cannot be adjourned for want of a witness: sc10:55am: the apex court says the trial judge hearing the babri masjid demolition case shall not be moved out until he completes the trial in two years.
10:50am: bjp leader kalyan singh is protected from facing trial as he is a governor, but charges will be framed against him once ceases to be the governor.
kalyan singh is the governor of rajasthan.
10:45am: the babri masjid case will be transferred to lucknow court from rae bareli within four weeks, directs sc.
10:35am: the top court revives the charges 16 years after they were dropped by a lucknow court on technical grounds.
the bjp leaders are already being tried for making inflammatory speeches that provoked the kar sevaks to pull down the mosque.
the trial is being held in rae bareli.
private security guards of jailed rjd chief lalu prasads elder son tej pratap yadav on sunday roughed-up a cameraperson while he was covering yadav at a polling booth.
yadav later alleged that the entire incident was a conspiracy to murder him.
the camera person who was beaten by yadavs security guards allegedly broke the windscreen of yadavs car.
the incident occurred when yadav was leaving after casting his vote.
yadav later went to a police station in the city and filed an fir in regard with the incident.
speaking to ani after the incident, tej pratap said, my bouncer did not beat anyone but has suffered an injury on his hand.
i was leaving a poll booth when some media persons surrounded my vehicle.
one of the camerapersons also hit the windscreen of my car.
he further dubbed the entire episode as a conspiracy to murder him and said, i have registered an fir.
in past also i have received threats.
i am being attacked continuously.
this all is planted and there is a conspiracy to murder me.
interestingly, yadav had arrived in an e-rickshaw to cast his vote at the polling station and had said that because his vehicle was taking time to come, he boarded the common mans ride.
patna is among the 59 constituencies which went to polls today.
congress leader shatrughan sinha is seeking to retain the seat for a third consecutive term this time and contesting against bjp leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad from the seat.
patna barely an hour after the supreme court revived the conspiracy charge in the babri masjid demolition case against bjp stalwarts like lk advani, murli manohar joshi, kalyan singh, uma bharti and vinay katiyar, rjd chief lalu prasad, on wednesday, came out with his own explanation of the turn of events.
this development smacks of a conspiracy scripted within the bjp, prasad alleged, pointing out that the prosecuting agency in the babri case, the cbi, was under the control of the prime minister and implying this may have had something to do with the development of the day.
when the cbi says in the court that the conspiracy case against the advani and other bjp leaders should be pursued, what else remains to be said?
he added, welcoming the apex court verdictprasad, who had stopped advanis somnath to ayodhya rath yatra in bihar, in october 1990, at the peak of the bjps movement for constructing a ram temple at ayodhya in uttar pradesh, seemed to imply a deliberate effort to undermine the position of the veteran bjp leader.
there was a lot of talk in the market about advani as a prospective candidate for the post of president of india, the election for which is scheduled to be held in july.
following the court verdict, advanis chances are gone in a single stroke, he pointed out.
prasad said: anyone can read the turn of events, leading to this situation.
but then, in the rss and bjp, anything is possible.
they dont spare anyone.
it was advani who had helped narendra modi (remain gujarat cm) in the wake of the 2002 gujarat riots, but today he knows best what has happened, prasad told reporters at his residence.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who was in patna, on wednesday,however, asked the rjd chief to reply to serious allegations of corruption levelled against him and members of his family, over the past several days, by bjp leader sushil kumar modi.
modi has been holding press conferences over the past several days, questioning how members of the rjd chiefs immediate family had secured ownership of a couple of companies, which possessed valuable tracts of land at patna and other places.
the union minister also urged bihar chief minister nitish kumar to take action in the matter.
ravi shankar prasad, however, did not say anything about wednesdays apex court verdict in the babri case.
i have not seen the judgment.
advaniji, joshiji and all others are our respected leaders.
i will not make any comment without studying the order, as i am the law minister, he added.
blaming the higher judiciary for vacancies in the subordinate judiciary, union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad on monday proposed a national level entrance test for talent infusion into the lower judiciary.
neither the government of india nor the state governments have a role to play in these vacancies, prasad said, as he pointed out to the nearly 5,000 posts of judicial officers lying vacant across the country.
clarifying that he was not pitching for a national level judicial service on the lines of the all-india services like the indian administrative service and indian police service, the minister said the examination would allow the pool of talented young lawyers who graduate every year from national law universities get into the judicial service.
it should be a robust all-india competition to get the best talent, he added.
prasad was speaking at the launch of the website and mobile app for nyaya vikas  a programme launched by the law ministry to monitor the progress of development of judicial infrastructure in real time.
the app and website were developed by the indian space research organisation (isro), using remote sensing technology.
appointments to the lower judiciary in the states are made by the respective high courts either directly or with the help of state public service commissions.
the government has in the past proposed an all-india judicial service involving the union public service commission  a statutory and autonomous body responsible for recruitments to all-india services and military services.
on the differences of top supreme court judges with the chief justice of india that came to the fore with an unprecedented press conference on january 12, prasad said the judiciary had enough foresight and statesmanship to settle the differences within.
i would urge the political process to remain as immune as possible from this process.
judges will come, judges will go, but the institution of judiciary has to remain.
and we must respect their institutional integrity, he said.
without naming the congress, prasad said parties that lost elections were using courts to hit out at the ruling party through sponsored litigation.
the government had recently come under attack by the opposition when it returned a collegium recommendation to elevate uttarakhand high court chief justice km joseph to the supreme court, citing seniority and regional imbalance.
even in the collegium system (of appointing judges), the right of the government to seek reconsideration and provide inputs is recognised, prasad asserted.
the bar council of india  the apex body of lawyers that regulates the legal profession  and a top confederation of law firms have both lodged protests with the ministry of law and justice over a recent move of the government to revoke a ban on foreign law firms in special economic zones.
what has irked lawyers is an amendment in the special economic rules governing sezs notified by the ministry of commerce and industries on january 3, 2017 that will allow multi-national law firms and possibly legal process outsourcers (lpos) to set up shop inside sezs.
earlier, legal services and accounting firms were excluded from the list of companies that could set up shop in sezs.
the bci will lodge a formal protest with the government next week while the society of indian law firms (silf) has already met law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad and objected to the development.
we will pass a formal resolution and lodge a protest.
there are repeated attempts by the government to undermine the bar council, bci president manan k mishra told ht.
silf has demanded withdrawal of the notification.
the ministry of law and justice has been working on evolving a formula to allow foreign firms into the country and opening up the legal sector but without irking indian lawyers.
it should not pave the way for unregulated and backdoor entry of foreign law firms.
we are for a rational and phased opening up of the sector and the first phase should be to liberalise the sector internally, silf president dr lalit bhasin said.
currently, rules do not allow law firms to advertise or have a website.
after already strained relations with the judiciary, over the scrapping of the national judicial appointments commission act in 2015 and the alleged slow pace of filling vacancies in the high courts and the supreme court, the government does not want to upset lawyers.
sources said the law ministry has asked the lawyers bodies to give a representation listing their concerns that it can take up with the ministry of commerce and industry.
the governments declared policy is that it wants to liberalise the sector but in face of the opposition from local lawyers, it is not being able to commit to a time frame drawing criticism internationally.
sarosh zaiwala, founder of london based law firm zaiwala and company who had met law ministry officials as part of a british delegation seeking opening up of the sector blamed the delay on a few high ups in the legal profession trying to monopolise it.
indian lawyers should shed this village mentalitythe delay is denting indias image internationally.
stressing the importance of information technology and communication in changing times, prime minister narendra modi said on sunday that courts could use video conferencing to communicate with government officials instead of summoning them to appear in court, saving time and money.
technology could have big scope in the judiciary as well, he said: i urge those involved with the start up sector to innovate on aspects where technology can help the judiciary.
the prime minister was speaking at closing ceremony of the sesquicentennial celebrations of allahabad high court.
earlier, advocates after going through a file had to search for relevant judgments for hours but now one can find it on the internet in a matter of minutes.
video conferencing facility in jails will also save a lot of time and money, he said.
prime minister narendra modi and chief justice of india js khehar light the ceremonial lamp at the closing ceremony of the sesquicentennial celebrations of the allahabad high court on sunday.
(pti)law is for all and not just for the rich.
my government will ensure justice for all, he said, adding allahabad high court is like a tirtha kshetra for our judiciary.
while recalling mahatma gandhi s philosophy that every decision must benefit the weakest section of the society, modi said his government had in the past three years scrapped almost 1,200 obsolete british-era laws.
new bench on way?
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath indicated that there is a need for a separate bench of allahabad high court for litigants of far flung areas of state, in view of the immense difficulties they face to travel to court, adding that the chief justice of the allahabad high court, who was also present, could make the necessary proposal.
no one is above law, even a ruler is under law and he has to work according to law, the chief minister said.
special guest of honor, chief justice of india (cji) jagdish singh khehar said he would tell his dil ki baat on the lines of the prime ministers mann ki baat.
if every judge works for just five days in the summer vacation, he will be able to resolve more than 100 cases, justice khehar said, adding if all the judges sit for only five days in vacation, thousands of cases could be sorted out.
prime minister narendra modi, chief justice of india js khehar, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, up governor ram naik and cm yogi adityanath at the sesquicentennial celebrations of allahabad high court on sunday.
(pti)the cji, who has set up three constitution benches to hear important matters including triple talaq cases during the summer vacation, also dwelt upon his plan to digitise the supreme court in 200 days and turn the judicial process paperless.
guest of honour union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that in cooperation with the cji, the government would expedite the appointment of judges, while stressing the governments commitment towards independence of the judiciary.
he said that in order to reduce pendency of cases, he has written to all state government to reduce government litigation.
pm narendra modi, chief justice of india js khehar, up governor ram naik and cm yogi adityanath release a souvenir at the sesquicentennial celebrations of the allahabad high court on sunday.
(pti)justice dipak misra, senior judge of supreme court, who was guest of honour, said every member of the bar is expected to be diligent.
he said allahabad has been a centre of law and would continue to be flag-bearer of independence of judiciary.
welcoming the guests, chief justice of allahabad high court db bhosale said the court would strive to not only maintain the honour of the institution but also enhance it.
a memento was presented to the prime minister by justice bhosale, while the pm also released a souvenir containing the history of allahabad high court.
the governor of up ram naik released a news letter of allahabad high court on the occasion.
besides, a book -- development of law containing leading cases of allahabad high court -- was released by the cji.
justice dipak misra released a silver coin of the sesquicentennial celebration, while law minister ravishankarprasad prasad released a special type of envelope prepared by the postal department.
justice tarun agarwal, chairman of the sesquicentennial committee, proposed the vote of thanks.
prominent among those present on the dias included senior judge of high court vk shukla, deputy chief minister keshav prasad maurya, state law minister brijesh pathak, president of allahabad high court bar association anil tiwari and president of advocates association bp singh.
the allahabad high court completed 150 years of existence in march 2016.
to mark these occasions, a year-long programme commemorating the sesquicentennial celebrations commenced on march 13, 2016, with the inaugural ceremony being graced by president pranab mukherjee.
the inaugural ceremony was also attended by the then chief justice of india, governor ram naik, the then chief minister, the then union law minister and several other dignitaries.
decks were cleared on friday night for the promulgation of an ordinance by the tamil nadu government for conducting bull-taming sport jallikattu, with the union ministries of environment and law giving its nod.
the move came even as thousands continued to stage protests against the ban on jallikattu.
protesters thronged chennais signature marina beach, and cities and towns across the state.
celebrities and sportspersons have rallied behind demonstrators in tamil nadu, demanding that jallikattu be allowed in the state during pongal festivities.
the tamil nadu government said it drafted an ordinance to ensure that the bull-taming sport is held in the state.
sources said the proposal of the tamil nadu government was cleared by the centre without recommending any changes.
read | what is jallikattu?
all you need to know about the bull-taming sporthere are the live updates:7:59pm:law,environment and culture ministries clear tamil nadu's govt's ordinance on #jallikattu  ani (@ani_news) january 20, 2017after consulting ag mukul rohatgi, the law ministry forwarded the tamil nadu governments ordinance to president mukherjee.
* in the state governments draft ordinance, bulls will be denotified from the list of performing animals in the prevention of cruelty to animals act.
* attorney general mukul rohatgi had opined that by taking this route, the state can bring out an ordinance which is tenable legally.
7:25pm: actor rana daggubati supported the protests for jallikattu, saying it is amazing to see people come together to support their tradition.
jallikattu is a part of tamil nadus culture.
the protest that is going on there in support of jallikattu at the chennais marina beach is very touching.
it is in the right direction, rana said at a press conference in the second day of jaipur literature festival.
7:10pm: lakshmi saravanakumar, writer and recipient of the sahitya akademis yuva puraskar returned his award, protesting against the lack of positive action from the centre on the jallikattu issue.
6:57pm: the tamil nadu governments announcement that it would issue an ordinance to ensure the conduct of jallikattu sport drew a sharp reaction from eminent jurist soli sorabjee who said such a move could be constitutionally invalid.
the central government wants to consult the state government and sort it (the issue of jallikattu) out.
very good.
but to run an ordinance in these circumstances is out of the question.
it will not be warranted at all, the former attorney general told some television channels, pti reported.
5:51pm: the environment ministry gave its observations to the proposal sent by the tamil nadu government for lifting of the ban on jallikatu and returned it to the home ministry for final decision.
the proposal was submitted to the home ministry.
the home ministry sent it to us for comments.
we gave our comments and have sent it back to the home ministry for further vetting, a source in the environment ministry said.
5:37pm: with traders downing shutters following a bandh call against jallikattu ban, employees of information technology, banks and other commercial establishments today staged a protest here expressing their solidarity to the cause.
banking operations took a hit with some employees taking part in protests called by bank employees federation of india, tamil nadu unit and all india bank employees association, pti reported.
4:30pm: the bjp, for its part, said dmk can only stage protests on the jallikattu issue and the ruling party at the centre alone can find a solution to the vexed issue.
4:20pm: dmk welcomed cm o panneerselvams announcement that tamil nadu government will issue an ordinance to amend the prevention of cruelty act to allow jallikattu, but insisted that bulls should be permanently removed from performing animals category by the centre so that the sport is held in the state annually, pti reported.
4:08pm: as many as 500 jallikattu supporters gathered in mumbais chembur to form a human chain in support of the bull-taming sport.
3:30pm:mumbai: people make human chain to protest in support of #jallikattu pic.
twitter.com/plercijkkx  ani (@ani_news) january 20, 2017gujarat: people protest in support of #jallikattu in vadodara pic.
twitter.com/vjxppa0djb  ani (@ani_news) january 20, 20172:56pm: amid demands to lift the ban, the government said it is making efforts to bring out a legal solution at the earliest.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in new delhi that the narendra modi government respects the culture of tamil nadu and is mindful of the sentiments expressed by the people in the state through a peaceful protest.
2:40pm: the centre is in talks with the state government and we will ensure there is a solution soon, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad tells tv channels.
2:30pm: after rajinikanth, kamal hasan also joins protests against sc ban on jallikattu, tv reports say.
ganesh venkatraman, also present at the protest site, reiterates their demand: all we are asking is for supreme court to show sensitivity in this issue.
2:25pm: the madras hc dismissed a pil seeking the enactment of a special law with conditions by the centre and the tamil nadu government for holding jallikattu, saying it cannot issue such a direction.
the court cannot issue such a direction, the bench, comprising chief justice s k kaul and justice m sundar said while hearing a petition by k k ramesh, managing trustee of tamil nadu centre for public interest litigation.
2:07pm: pressing for an ordinance for conducting jallikattu, aiadmk mps met union home minister rajnath singh, who assured them that the centre will take action so that the tamil nadu government could promulgate it in the next few days.
the home minister has assured us that the file on ordinance will be processed as early as possible so that the ordinance can be promulgated in next two-three days, lok sabha deputy speaker m thambidurai told pti.
2:04pm: amid the controversy of jallikattu, the supreme court agreed not to pronounce its verdict on the bull-taming sport for one week.
a bench headed by justice dipak misra agreed to put the pronouncement on hold on a plea by attorney general mukul rohatgi who told the court that cultural passions were running high in the state, ians reported.
2pm: opposition leader mk stalin demands that the centre must remove bulls from list of performing animals in the prevention of cruelty against animals act, announcing that he will lead a fast on saturday with party.
1:51pm: after superstar mahesh babu, actor-politician pawan kalyan has extended support for jallikattu.
he said the ban on the bull-taming sport is a direct attack on dravidian culture and its integrity.
ban on jallikattu and cockfight by government of india is an attack on dravida culture and its integrity.
this is how it is being viewed in dakshin (south) hindustan.
i had observed this deep hurt in people while shooting in pollachi, tamil nadu, pawan kalyan tweeted on friday.
1:30pm: we also expect the notification of ordinance will appear by day after tomorrow (sunday).
it will definitely happen: tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam.
vaadivasal will be opened for jallikattu within a day or two.
i will inaugurate the jallikattu event.
1:10pm: environment minister anil dave holds a press conference, asking everyone to be patient about the decision and reiterating that the government wants to protect the sentiments of tamil nadu.
by today evening or tomorrow, well be able to reach a conclusion about jallikattu.
hinting at a possible amendment to the prevention to cruelty against animals act, dave says: in 2011, the bull was added in the list of performing animals.
if they didnt do that, we wouldnt have been sitting here.
today the home minister has received a proposal from tamil nadu government.
the entire proposal is under consideration.
different ministries are giving a thought to it.
the paper is on way to the environment ministry.
i am sure within the shortest time we will be able to reach on the final decision, he told reporters.
1:05pm: centre and tamil nadu govt are talking.
it will be decided if centre or state will act or even both can intervene.
all options are open: ag mukul rohatgi12:55pm: stepping up pressure against jallikattu ban, dmk announces that it will go on one-day fast on satuday, led by stalin in valluvar kottam.
12:50pm: leaders from tamil nadus ruling party will also meet president pranab mukherjee at 2pm on saturday, asking him to approve the ordinance.
12:40pm: aiadmk lawmakers meet rajnath singh, urging promulgation of ordinance in support of jallikattu.
we had come to urge the home minister to take steps for promulgation of ordinance in support of jallikattu, deputy speaker m thambi durai says.
12:15pm: actor rajinikanth joins the protest organised by nadigar sangam against jallikattu ban in chennai, reports ndtv.
12pm: aiadmk lawmakers reach home ministry to meet rajnath singh.
aiadmk mps meet union home minister rajnath singh to lift jallikattu ban.
aiadmk (@aiadmkofficial) january 20, 201711:25am: aimim chief asaduddin owaisi tweeted in support of jallikattu on friday, calling the jallikattu ban a lesson for hindutva forces.
he linked the tamil nadu protests to the uniform civil code and said the code cannot be imposed.
.
.
this nation cannot have one culture, we celebrate all.
11:20am: stalin is released after being held in preventive custody as dmk workers clashed with police at mambalam station in chennai.
11:05am: dmks working president (stalin) requested the state govt for an all party meeting on the issue for demanding enactment of emergency law for jallikattu, says rajya sabha mp kanimozhi.
10:55am: sc agrees to delay its verdict on jallikattu for a week after centre says this will help avoid unrest.
rohatgi mentioned the matter before a bench comprising justices dipak misra and r banumati that people of tamil nadu are passionate about jallikattu and the central government and the state are trying to resolve the issue.
rohatgi mentioned the matter before a supreme court bench headed by chief justice of india jagdish singh khehar.
read | jallikattu ban: tamil nadu cm panneerselvams rush over ordinance on ban could be a move to buy time10:35am: pon radhakrishnan, thamizhisai soundarrajan reach environment minister anil daves residence in delhi.
10:25am: dmks mk stalin taken into preventative custody after halting a train while protesting in mambalam station in chennai.
following protests, southern railway announced full and partial cancellation of some trains, besides diversion of others.
railway minister suresh prabhu asked the protestors not to cause inconvenience to the poor.
rail is preferred mode of transport for poor, common people.
please dont disrupt traffic, cause inconvenience to those who cant afford other, he said in a tweet.
10:15am: prevention of animal cruelty act also taken into account, it will take a day or two, says attorney general mukul rohatgi, referring to the jallikattu ordinance.
10:10am: the government should keep an eye on peta because they are interfering in our traditions, union minister pon radhakrishnan tells ani, adding that he will meet environment minister anil dave and rajnath singh.
10:05am: tv reports say the tamil nadu government has proposed to amend the animal cruelty act.
9:30am: dmk workers breach the barricades in mambalam while protesting in support of jallikattu.
partys working president mk stalin too joins the protest in mambalam: ani9:20am: the state government exercised considerable pressure on the centre to ensure that the home ministry passes the ordinance quickly, sources in the aiadmk tell ht.
after the draft ordinance is vetted by the ministry, it will then be delivered to president pranab mukherjee who will have to approve it for the tamil nadu governor vidyasagar rao to officially promulgate it.
9am: even after tamil nadu cms assurance, protesters at marina beach in chennai say they will only call of the agitation after a formal order is received revoking the jallikattu ban: tv reports8:30am: cm panneerselvam says he has spoken to legal experts and tamil nadu has readied an ordinance to bypass jallikattu ban.
.
.
we will revoke the ban on jallikattu with the ordinance.
the centre has assured its support.
a draft ordinance is ready, and has been sent to the home ministry.
i believe the draft would be approved in 1-2 days, which will pave way for jallikattu.
.
.
i request all protesters to call off their demonstration.
there is a high chance jallikattu will be held in the next 1-2 days.
an ordinance will be promulgated to allow jallikattu to be played: tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam #jallikattu @httweets  aditya iyer (@theadityaiyer) january 20, 2017people for the ethical treatment of animals (peta) india had said on thursday that it may take the legal route if the centre brings an ordinance to enable jallikattu.
8:20am: aiadmk lawmakers will meet home minister rajnath singh at noon on friday to discuss the jallikattu ban, tv reports say.
a day before, tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam had appealed to prime minister narendra modi for an ordinance on jallikattu.
modi, however, remained non-committal on the contentious issue, saying the matter was in the supreme court.
8:15am: tamil nadu opposition dmk leader and mp kanimozhi will hold a rail roko protest at chennai egmore railway station in support of jallikattu on friday, ani reports.
8am: members of south indian artists association, nadigar sangam, ask media to not cover their silent protest against jallikattu and focus on the youth at marina beach.
7:45am: protests continue at chennais marina beach.
schools across tamil nadu to remain closed for the day.
the supreme court collegium, headed by chief justice dipak misra, will meet on wednesday to discuss the way forward after the government asked it to reconsider the name of km joseph, chief justice of uttarakhand high court, for elevation to the apex court.
it is the latest potential flashpoint between the executive and the apex court.
here is what you should know about the controversy: judges to the supreme court are appointed by a panel of the courts top five judges who make up the collegium.
on january 10, the collegium recommended two judges for elevation to supreme court.
on april 25, the government cleared senior advocate indu malhotras appointment as a supreme court judge , but held back a decision on justice joseph.
in 2016, justice joseph had ruled against presidents rule in uttarakhand, which paved the way for the congress to come back to power in the state.
on april 26, the central government returned the collegiums recommendationto elevate justice joseph.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, in a detailed note to chief justice misra, said the proposal to reconsider justice josephs name was approved by president ram nath kovind and prime minister narendra modi.
the centres argument is that there was adequate representation of kerala, josephs home state, in the higher judiciary while other states did not have a representative.
the government also said that the principle of seniority was not observed by the supreme court collegium as justice joseph is placed at 42 on the list of seniority.
the congress called the governments action an assault on the judiciary.
as the law stands now, the recommendation of the sc collegium is final and binding in the appointment of judges.
.
.
what is holding up justice k m josephs appointment?
his state, or his religion or his judgement in the uttarakhand case?
said senior congress leader p chidambaram.
law minister prasad rejected the allegation.
the congress party has no moral authority or stand to ask questions about dignity of the judiciary from us.
the whole record of congress party is littered with repeated instances as to how the judiciary of india was supposed to be compromised, he said.
senior lawyer indira jaising filed a petition urging the top court to put on hold malhotras appointment and direct the government to clear josephs name  a request that was rejected by a bench led by chief justice misra.
the government is within its right to send back a name for reconsideration, the bench said.
supposing the government is sending it for reconsideration, it will be seen.
you are saying stay the warrant (of malhotras appointment).
it is unthinkable, unconscionable, unimaginable, and if i may add never heard before, said misra.
earlier this year, four senior judges publicly criticised chief justice misra for his style of administration and over the allocation of cases.
justices jasti chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, madan bhimrao lokur and kurian joseph said they were forced to speak in public, breaking the settled principle of judicial restraint, because chief justice misra did not take steps to redress their grievances.
.
though there were 18 candidates in the fray, the battle at patna sahib was a prestige battle between the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and shatrughan sinha, formerly of the party, who switched to the congress shortly before the polls.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who is a rajya sabha member, contested the elections for the first time.
in 2014, sinha won the seat defeating the congress by over 265,00 votes.
he had also won the seat in 2009.
both the congress and the bjp are in alliances in the state, with the rashtriya janata dal and the janta dal (united), respectively.
a mistake was detected in the photograph on the voter card of rjds tejashwi prasad yadav, who did not cast his vote as he was in new delhi.
patna district magistrate kumar ravi said, it seems to be an old photograph of tejashwi yadav.
we are trying to verify it.
in another incident, the driver of tej pratap yadav, tejashwis brother, reportedly ran over the leg of a photojournalist, which led to a fight.
when i protested about the manner in which the driver manoeuvred the suv, tejs bouncers and supporters mercilessly thrashed me, causing serious injuries, said ranjan rahi, the photojournalist.
bihar chief electoral officer (ceo) hr srinivasa sought separate reports about the two incidents from the patna district magistrate.
tej pratap, however, lodged a police complaint alleging that the photographer attacked his vehicle, damaging its front windshield and causing injury to his driver, a charge rahi denied.
patna sahib, which has 2.
1 million voters, is dominated by kayasthas (both, sinha and prasad belong to this community), and is considered to be a bjp stronghold.
in 2015 assembly polls, the bjp had won five of the six seats.
rjds ramanand yadav won the fatuha assembly seat.
the constituency came into existence in 2008 after the patna and the barh lok sabha seats were merged and rechristened as patna sahib and patliputra during the delimitation of constituencies.
in his first visit to patna after joining congress, patna sahib mp shatrughan sinha on friday said that he would have perhaps joined the congress long back, had mrs (indira) gandhi been alive.
talking to the media during his visit to sadaquat ashram, headquarters of the bihar pradesh congress committee (bpcc), sihna said he had never spoken against the congress, even though he remained in the bjp.
there has been a considerable rise in popularity of rahul gandhi.
i seem the present and future of india in him.
success of the congress party in three state polls within a year of rahul gandhis accession to the chief of the party was no mean achievement, said sinha after his grandiose welcome at his new home by the party workers.
sinha, also known as bihari babu, said that he stayed back in the bjp, as he did not wish to leave a party where he had grown up and earned respect.
but things have changed drastically in the last two-three years.
arrogance has taken over the party after the departure of atal bihari vajpyee.
it has now become a one-man show and two-man army in the party, said sinha, who will be contesting from the patna sahib lok sabha seat to wrest it for the congress.
the country would retrieve its lost glory under the leadership of rahul gandhi, who is not just a dynamic leader, but also understands the aspirations of youth, farmers and the poor indians well.
unlike the bjp leaders, he (rahul gandhi) does not take recourse to doling out hallow rhetoric.
earlier at the patna airport, sinha wished bjp candidate and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who is in the fray from patna sahib, and exuded confidence that he would set a new record for victory margins.
prasad is a friend of mine.
i have no personal enmity with him.
it is a fight for ideology, which cares about the interest of farmers, unemployed youth, national interest and communal harmony, said the actor turned politician.
dubbing local bjp leaders as exhausted cartridges, sinha said that he opted to join the congress to take forward the peoples fight for self-respect and realise their dreams of a prosperous india, where there was respect for one another.
i came here to honour my words.
i had said earlier that the situation could be different, but the location would be same, said sinha, adding that he made up his mind after bjp announced prasads candidature for patna sahib.
to a query about the contest in bihar, sinha said the grand alliance (ga) was like a magic wand and would sweep the poll.
he also praised rjd chief lalu prasad for his understanding of bihar and said he joined the congress on his advice and suggestions of other senior leaders of the opposition parties like mamata banerjee, akhilesh yadav, mayavati and arvind kejriwal.
bpcc president madan mohan jha said that sinha would wrest the patna sahib seat for congress and infuse a fresh lease of life into the party workers.
congress mlc and aicc media panelist prem chandra mishra lambasted the bjp for its bid to paint the congress in bad light on the issue of military strikes across the border and said the party always honoured the armed forces.
the congress needs no lesson on nationalism, as two of its senior most leaders, indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi, laid down their lives for national interests, said mishra.
there cannot be a complete security of personal data of online consumers, nasscom chief r chandrashekar today said, underscoring the need for strict enforcement of consumer protection laws to minimise impact.
more than 3 million credit card data were misused recently.
let us face it, these kind of security breaches will take place.
there is nothing called fully perfect security in it, chandrashekar said while addressing an event organised to commemorate the world consumer rights day.
the impact and scale of such incidents can be minimised, but a complete cyber security cannot be provided, he cautioned.
there is a greater urgency, according to chandrashekar, to protect online consumers as the e-commerce industry is growing at a faster pace.
more so because the country does not even have privacy laws unlike others such as the uk and the us where online consumers are protected, he said.
while access to personal data helps companies give better services to consumers, there is a need to strike a balance between voluntary and mandatory disclosure of personal data, he suggested.
it is not that a separate law is required to regulate e-commerce market, but the question is how to enforce consumer laws in digital world, chandrashekar said.
earlier addressing the event, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said there is a dilemma on how to strike a balance between maintaining privacy of data and at the same time using it for providing better services.
he said the government is pushing digital programmes to empower people to improve their lives and cited various experiences of common people earning better income taking advantage of digital technologies like internet and smartphones.
speaking on the occasion, national consumer disputes redressal commission (ncdrc) member rekha gupta said special attention needs to be given in areas of data protection and security breaches.
there is a rise in complaints in consumer courts on e-commerce and digital financial products like cloning of atm cards and unauthorised withdrawal of money, she said, hoping that new law will have provisions to curb such practice.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad sunday took a potshot at rahul gandhi for deciding to contest wayanad seat in kerala, claiming that the congress chief is feeling uncomfortable, insecured and helpless in amethi, his lok sabha constituency for three terms in a row.
rae bareli, the constituency of sonia gandhi, and amethi are considered as his familys pocket borough, but he is so scared that he fled to a place far away in south india, prasad told reporters here.
the congress sunday announced that rahul gandhi will contest wayanad parliamentary constituency in kerala along with amethi in uttar pradesh.
rahul gandhi is feeling uncomfortable, insecured and helpless in amethi.
so he chose to contest wayanad seat considering it as safe because of its ethnic profile, the senior bjp leader said.
the captain ran away after noticing that the ship is sinking and landed in the sanctuary of wayanad where 49.
48 per cent people are hindus and the rest minorities, he said.
rahul gandhi had never cultivated his image as a hindu but recently he is going temple hopping, showing off his janeu (sacred thread) and flaunting his gotra, the minister said asserting that he suddenly decided to contest a minority dominated seat feeling insecured.
when pointed out that narendra modi as prime ministerial candidate in 2014 elections had contested from two seats - gandhi nagar and varanasi, prasad said it was because the people of gujarat had requested modi, who was the chief minister of the state for 12 years, to do it.
congress spokesman randeep surjewala made a statement that gandhi will contest wayanad to safeguard the cultural tradition of south india.
on this, the bjp leader said it is an ugly cruel joke as senior leaders of the congress and other parities such as p v narasimha rao, nt rama rao, m g ramchandran, jayalalitha, and devraj arsh were treated badly by the party.
since you have gone to kerala supposedly to safeguard the cultural tradition of south india, please tell us what is your take on sabarimala (temple issue).
we know the stand of the left and our stand is also known to the public, he said.
the sabarimala temple was out of bounds women between 10 and 50 years of age.
the supreme court on september 28 last year allowed all women, including those in the menstruating age, to offer prayers at the shrine.
while the bjp opposed the verdict, the ruling left parties supported it.
rahul gandhi initially welcomed the ruling but later backtracked saying he will leave it to the people of kerala to decide on the matter.
on mahagathbandhan in bihar, prasad said there is no grand alliance in up and west bengal, and he is not sure how long it would survive in bihar.
the grand alliance in bihar consists of the rjd, the congress and some other parties.
mahagathbandhan has no programme, no policy, no commitment and no leadership, he said asserting that the bjp and nda would get decisive mandate in the elections as it is a battle between hope and opportunities, aspirations and despair.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
if you cooperate, i will operate better.
that was m venkaiah naidu deploying alliteration as is his wont as he made his debut as chairman of the rajya sabha on friday.
he was urging members not to give long speeches while welcoming him in the house in his new role.
naidu is known for his communication skills, quick wit and one-liners.
president ramnath kovind administered the oath of office to naidu, 68, at a brief ceremony in the durbar hall of rashtrapati bhawan attended by political leaders cutting across party lines.
wearing his trademark white panche (lungi) and white shirt, naidu took oath in hindi in the name of god.
naidu told the opposition that he will ensure as the rajya sabha chairman that they have a say when legislations are debated but the government will finally have its way as it has the mandate.
if the ruling party has power, opposition must at least have its say.
but at the end of the day, democracy says that opposition must have its say and the government must have its way because it is as per the mandate of the people, naidu said in his first speech as the rajya sabha chairman.
president ram nath kovind with prime minister narendra modi during the swearing-in ceremony of vice-president venkaiah naidu at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on friday.
(pti photo)an all-party manthe former bjp president said he was an all-party man now and his role was above politics.
i will meet your expectations.
everyone among you will get an opportunity but everyone must follow the rules and regulations (of parliament), naidu said in response to welcome speeches by rajya sabha members.
he said politicians must not look at each other as enemies but as rivals in their common endeavour of working hard to strengthen the country and help people.
democracy is not about numbers but to understand and appreciate each others point of view.
we must debate, discuss, decide and deliver.
he credited his political success to the might and beauty of the indian constitution.
pm welcomes farmers sonprime minister narendra modi praised naidu for his various development schemes.
venkaiah naidu is a farmers son and during his tenure as poverty alleviation minister, he has always upheld the interests of the poor, said pm modi while speaking in rajya sabha.
naidu acronymderek obrien of the tmc welcomed newly elected vice president of india venkaiah naidu in 10 couplets in rhyme.
he also described the new rajya sabha chairman in acronym: naidu- n: now, a: all, i: india, d: dearest, u: umpire.
vice president m venkaiah naidu meets guests before take administering oath at the durbar hall in rashtrapati bhawan in new delhi on friday.
(sonu mehta/ht photo)oppositions hopesleader of opposition ghulam nabi azad welcomed vice president m venkaiah naidu, the new chairman of rajya sabha, and hoped that the tradition of impartiality would continue.
you are one of the very few who get this auspicious chance to sit on that chair.
.
.
you have risen from the ground and come from a very humble background, this depicts the best part of our democracy, azad said.
welcoming the new chairman on behalf of the entire opposition, azad said that its twice a responsibility to run the upper house as the members have to meet the expectations of the mlas who elected them, and the people who elected the mlas in the first place.
people like judges, speaker and chairman rajya sabha have a scale behind them to remind us that they are impartial.
they have to be just and impartial so that house may function properly.
.
.
our house has double the responsibilities, that is why it must maintain the tradition that no bill passes through this house in the din.
.
.
hope that tradition would continue, azad said.
treasury must have its waythe opposition must have its say, the treasury benches must have their way and parliament will function in a better way when that happens, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
while welcoming new rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu, prasad tried to follow naidus inimitable style of rhyming to convey political statements.
the opposition must have its say, but the treasury benches must have their way.
when that happens, the parliament will function better, he said.
the bjp on tuesday hit back at congress president rahul gandhi for his speech in bahrain that was critical of the indian government , terming it irresponsible and saying that it was the congress that spread hatred in the country for the longest period.
addressing non resident indians at a meeting of global organisation of people of indian origin (gopio) at manama in bahrain on monday, gandhi blamed the bjp-led national democratic alliance government for dividing people on the basis of caste and religion and alleged that it was converting the anger of jobless youth into hatred between communities.
gandhi said the conversation in india was not about jobs, healthcare, or education; but what you are allowed to eat, who is allowed to protest, and what we can say or rather what we cannot say.
taking exception to gandhis criticism of india on foreign soil, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a briefing at the bjp headquarters in the capital that it was expected of the congress chief that he would not harp on political differences and spread hatred in a foreign country as he did in india.
the bjp strongly condemns rahul gandhis irresponsible utterances.
.
.
.
he is spreading hatred among people, prasad added.
he referred to the triple talaq bill, whose passage the congress had stalled in the rajya sabha and accused the congress of failing to take a stand on an issue of womans respect and justice.
the congress didnt facilitate the passage of the bill, which criminalises the practice of instant divorce among muslims.
it maintains that it supports the bill but wants specific provisions discussed by a committee of parliamentarians.
in his speech, gandhi claimed job creation in india was at an eight-year low.
the congress leader added that new investments are the lowest they have been in 13 years, bank credit growth has sunk to a 63 year low and arbitrary decisions such as last years demonetisation had dealt a crippling blow to indias overall growth.
.
.
instead of focusing the attention of our people on what is critical, the removal of poverty, job creation and the building of a world class education system, we see instead a rise in the forces of hatred and division, he said.
sporadic incidents of violence marred the last phase of national elections in bihar as eight out of the states 40 lok sabha seats went to the polls on sunday.
according to the election commissions voter turnout app, a 53.
36  turnoutwas recorded in the state.
a mob threw stones at police over alleged inaction in checking bogus voting at two booths in ara, where union minister r k singh of the bharatiya janata party was up against communist party of india (marxistleninist)s raju yadav.
son of rashtriya janata dal supremo lalu prasad yadav, tej pratap yadavs guards reportedly thrashed a photojournalist ranjan rahi.
in turn, the rjd leader accused the photojournalist of breaking his vehicles windshield and lodged a police complaint against him for allegedly trying to attack him.
additional director general of police kundan krishnan said the police had to fire to disperse a mob trying to cast bogus votes in paliganj under the patliputra seat.
we cannot allow assembly of a large number of people near a polling booth.
security personnel of the bihar military police fired in the air on seeing the mob advancing towards the booth.
.
.
a mob damaged block development officer ranjan kumar nigams vehicle in nalanda as he was persuading a group of voters, boycotting the polls over lack of civic facilities, to vote.
in patna rural, police superintendent sanjay kumar singh directed rjd legislator ramanand yadav to stay indoors after he allegedly tried to woo voters.
he was cautioned that he would be arrested if he did not comply with the orders.
the legislator dismissed the allegation, saying he was stopped and threatened with arrest if he did not stay home.
he accused the administration of working in favour of the bjp-led national democratic alliance.
yadav said he would urge the ec to take action.
in another incident, a belligerent mob attacked the sector magistrate at bikramganj village in karakat parliamentary constituency.
the mob also damaged some spare evms which the sector party was carrying, said krishnan.
rld leader tejashwi prasad yadavs voter slip was found to have photograph of another individual.
he was in delhi, though, and did not vote, said rjd lawmaker bhola yadav.
patna district magistrate kumar ravi said the slip seemed to have an old photograph of tejashwi yadav.
we are trying to verify it.
we had specifically asked our returning officers to prepare a list of all high-profile voters and ensure that there was no anomaly.
i have sought a report.
.
, said bihars chief electoral officer, h r srinivasa.
union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad (patna sahib), ram kripal yadav (pataliputra), ashwani kumar choubey (buxar) and r k singh (arrah) were among the 157 candidates in the fray on sunday.
standing against prasad was shatrugan sinha, who contested on a congress ticket, after having won the seat in 2009 and 2014 on a bjp ticket.
india on monday discussed several issues, including the proposed restrictions on h1b visa programme and intellectual property rights (iprs), with visiting us lawmakers.
these issues were deliberated upon during a 45-minute long meeting between commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman and the eight-member us delegation here.
while india raised its concerns regarding h-1b visa restrictions, which will have adverse bearing on the indian it industry, the us side flagged the ipr and copyright related matters, sources said.
besides, both sides also discussed market access of certain agricultural products.
the us delegation was led by bob goodlatte, chairman, judiciary committee, house of representatives.
he is also scheduled to meet it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
the proposed overhaul of popular h-1b visa regime by us president donald trump has raised concerns among indian it firms, as any changes in the visa regime may result in higher operational costs and shortage of skilled workers for the$ 110-billion indian outsourcing industry.
indian it sector, which contributes 9.
3 per cent to the countrys gdp, is one of the largest private sector employers of 3.
7 million people.
the us accounts for nearly 62 per cent of the exports, while eu is the second largest market for the indian it services exporters with around 28 per cent contribution.
recently, a us legislation (lofgren bill) has been introduced that proposes doubling of the minimum wages of h-1b visa holders to $ 130,000.
the current h-1b minimum wage of $ 60,000 was fixed in 1989 and has since remained unchanged.
such protectionist stance by the us could also spell more trouble for it firms that are already facing strong headwinds from currency fluctuation and cautious client spending.
the unique identification authority of india (uidai) has blacklisted for 10 years an aadhaar centre that allegedly leaked a receipt given to cricketer ms dhoni, divulging his personal details.
ab pandey, the chief of uidai  that acts as the nodal authority for aadhaar  told news agency pti on wednesday that a probe would continue finding out how the details of the cricketer were tweeted by the official handle of the agency handling the enrollment process for the 12-digit identification number.
the action came a day after information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad promised action against the leaking of personal information, which he termed illegal.
the enrollment agency, csc e-governance services india limited, had tweeted -- through its official twitter handle @cscegov -- a picture in which ms dhonis fingerprints were getting scanned into the system.
they went a step forward and tweeted a screenshot of the jharkhand cricketers application form, which dhonis wife sakshi complained about to prasad on twitter.
the incident quickly gained traction on social media with many saying the leaking of dhonis personal details was symptomatic of larger privacy concerns over aadhaar.
the voting will take place for 59 seats including varanasi in uttar pradesh from where modi is seeking re-election, bringing the curtain down on the seven-phased mammoth electoral exercise which began on april 11.
in the last phase of polling, 13 seats each in uttar pradesh and punjab, nine in west bengal, eight seats each in bihar and madhya pradesh, all four constituencies in himachal pradesh, three in jharkhand and one seat in the union territory of chandigarh will witness the polling.
according to election commission of india (eci), over 10.
01 lakh voters will decide the fate of 918 candidates.
the counting of votes will take place on may 23.
follow live updates below:9:20 am ist seers from gorakhnath temple cast vote yogi kamalnath, the officiating chief priests of gorakhnath temple cast his vote with others seers of temple.
9:09 am ist voters in bhangar allege intimidation by tmc strongmen in bhangar under west bengals jadavpur lok sabha constituency in bengal, a section of voters alleged intimidation by tmc strongmen on saturday night, who warned them not to venture to the polling station in the morning.
but policemen went to the villages in uttar gazipur and encouraged them to vote.
however, former tmc mla arabul islam rejected the allegation saying the allegations were false.
9:05 am ist union minister ravishankarprasad prasad casts vote union minister and bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad arrived in bihars patna to cast his vote at booth no.
77 in patna womens college.
8:24 am ist tmc candidate abhishek banerjee casts vote cm mamata banerjees nephew and tmc leader, abhishek banerjee casts his vote at polling booth no.
208 in south kolkata parliamentary constituency.
whatever he (pm) said in meeting on 15 may in diamond harbour, he has to substantiate those statements with ample proof & justify what he said.
if he fails to do so ill sue him in the criminal and defamation cases.
ill drag him to the court & do the needful, he said, reported by news agency.
8:22 am ist bjp candidate from kolkata north casts vote bjp candidate from kolkata north rahul sinha cast his vote at polling booth in west bengals jadavpur.
8:13 am ist first-time voters in punjab get certificate of appreciation first-time voters in punjab received certificate of appreciation after casting their vote.
first time voter manmeet kaur showing ink mark and voter id card after casting vote outside the polling station during seventh and last phase of parliamentary polls in amritsar ( sameer sehgal/ht photo ) anandita (r) surbhi (c) and kavita ( l) first time voter at a polling booth in jalandhar.
( pardeep pandit/ht photo )8:07 am ist evm snag in patna evm malfunction was reported at booth no.
6 in pant nagar of bihars patna sahib (lok sabha constituency), reported news agency ani.
8:00 am ist harbhajan singh queues up to cast vote cricketer harbhajan singh queued up to cast his vote at a polling booth in jalandhars garhi village in punjab.
7:56 am ist elections should not be held over such a long duration: nitish kumar elections should not be held over such a long duration, there was a long gap between each phase of voting.
i will write to leaders of all parties to build a consensus on this, said bihar cm nitish kumar.
7:50 am ist bihar cm nitish kumar casts his vote bihar chief minister nitish kumar cast his vote at polling booth number 326 at a school in raj bhawan, in bihars patna.
7:49 am ist bihar deputy cm sushil modi casts his vote bihar deputy chief minister sushil modi cast his vote at booth number 49 in bihars patna.
7:34 am ist all eyes on varanasi, big test for sp-bsp alliance in east up varanasi, the seat of prime minister narendra modi, will go to polls along with 12 other parliamentary seats on may 19, the last phase of the ongoing general elections.
the state voted in all the seven phases of the month-long polls.
all 13 constituencies lie in the eastern region of the state.
in 2014, the bharatiya janata party and allies had won all these seats, including gorakhpur, the home turf of up cm yogi adityanath.
varanasi looks largely predictable, but bjp cannot be sure of repeating its 2014 performance in the region.
7:22 am ist pm modi urges voters to turn up in record numbers today is the final phase of the 2019 lok sabha elections.
i urge all those voting in this phase to vote in record numbers.
your one vote will shape indias development trajectory in the years to come.
i also hope first time voters vote enthusiastically, tweeted prime minister narendra modi.
7:16 am ist glad to see voters enthusiasm: up cm yogi adityanath im glad about the enthusiasm with which the voters have participated in the electoral process.
the entire election circled around pm modi, said up chief minister yogi adityanath after casting his vote in gorakhpur.
7:08 am ist uttar pradesh cm yogi adityanath casts his vote uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath cast his vote at polling booth no.
246 in uttar pradeshs gorakhpur.
he was accompanied by bhojpuri actor and bjp candidate ravi kishan.
7:05 am ist vote in favour of development, tweets amit shah   ,              , , ,                             ,         chowkidar amit shah (@amitshah) may 19, 20197:00 am ist voting begins voting on 59 seats across 8 states begins.
according to election commission of india (eci), over 10.
01 lakh voters will decide the fate of 918 candidates.
the counting of votes will take place on may 23.
6:55 am ist voting across 8 states to begin shortly in the last phase of polling, 13 seats each in uttar pradesh and punjab, nine in west bengal, eight seats each in bihar and madhya pradesh, all four constituencies in himachal pradesh, three in jharkhand and one seat in the union territory of chandigarh will witness the polling.
6:50 am ist voters queue outside polling booths people have begun queuing up outside polling stations in jharkhands dumka lok sabha constituency, to cast their votes.
voting for the 7th and last phase of lok sabha elections 2019 will begin at 7 am today.
6:30 am ist battle for india enters the final lap the seven-phase poll process for electing the 17th lok sabha will come to an end with voting in 59 parliamentary constituencies (pcs) on sunday.
more than two months of official campaigning for the 2019 general elections ended on friday.
the election commission of india (eci) had announced the schedule on march 10.
