;;-0.5859;;bhopal: farmers' protest continued unabated in many parts of western madhya pradesh today even as chief minister shivrajchouhan said his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of agitating farmers.
;;-0.7184;;meanwhile, assistant sub-inspector of police pawan yadav, who suffered a severe injury to eye in stone-pelting at ratlam yesterday, has been sent to chennai for treatment, to ensure that infection doesn't spread to the other eye, the cm informed.
;;-0.4497;;chouhan held talks with protesters' leaders yesterday, but while two of the farmer outfits called off the agitation, others continued the stir.
;;0.0;;a photo of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan has gone viral today.
;;-0.5606;;according to sources, the chief minister was carried by cops as the collector and the local police chief did not want him to get hurt or bitten by snakes.
;;-0.2732;;chouhan then went to maihar town where a building of the madhya pradesh housing board had collapsed on saturday, trapping many people in the rubble.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone for the new campus, coming up at kothri kalan on bhopal-indore highway, will be laid on thursday by madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan and minister for higher education jaibhan singh pawaiya in the presence of officials from the vit.
;;0.128;;bhopal: as western madhya pradesh reels under violent protest by farmers over loan waiver and better price for their produce, chief minister shivrajchouhan today said the state government was open for a dialogue to iron out the differences and once again appealed them to maintain peace.
;;0.6486;;jaitley said chief minister shivrajchouhan focus on social schemes, special emphasis on bijli (electricity), paani (water), sadak (road) had helped the state to achieve double digit growth in agriculture, thereby bringing prosperity to farmers.
;;-0.8176;;(photo | ani)bhopal: assuring concrete proof that the terrorists responsible for the bhopal-ujjain passenger train blast were affiliated with the isis, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan stated that after placing the pipe bomb in the train, the terrorists had then proceeded to send the pictures to syria.
;;0.2023;;speaking to ani here, chouhan further informed that the terrorists, who hailed from kanpur and kannauj had made plans to rush back to lucknow once their nefarious plans to set off the bomb had come through.
;;0.4215;;hailing the madhya pradesh anti-terrorism squad (ats) for the nabbing the accused so quickly, chouhan also thanked prime minister narendra modi for his vigilance in ensuring there was smooth coordination between the state and central agencies.
;;0.0;;i am quitting the red beacon today onwards and other ministers will also quit the same, chief minister shivrajchouhan said.
;;0.5267;;five categories would be allowed to use the red beacon- president, vice president, prime minister, chief justice of india and the lok sabha speaker.
;;0.0;;pratap grewal, the congress mla from sardarpur seat of dhar district had asked during the ongoing session of vidhan sabha about the existence of any such letter as mentioned by chauhan in july 2014.
;;0.0;;whether the department had informed then cm shivrajchouhan about the letter or not.
;;-0.875;;importantly, then cm shivrajchouhan had mentioned in the vidhan sabha in july 2014 about an anonymous letter having alerted the government and police about the pmt fraud, which ultimately led to the busting of the mppmt fraud in july 2013  which was the first case of the multi-layered and multi-crore vyapam scam.
;;-0.4767;;he demanded chief minister shivraj singh chouhan's resignation and also hit out at prime minister narendra modi for keeping mum on the issue.
;;0.0;;3 per cent after madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan announced that all liquor shops would be closed across the state in a phased manner.
;;0.0;;the june 4 meeting between chief minister shivrajchouhan and the rss-affiliated bharatiya kisan sangh (bks) and another farmer body, the kisan sena, was a case in point.
;;-0.0;;thiruvananthapuram: political parties in the state came together to condemn the action of madhya pradesh police in preventing chief minister pinarayi vijayan from attending a programme in bhopal.
;;0.0516;;he also asked prime minister narendra modi to make it clear whether it was the centres policy to deny civil rights to chief ministers of non-bjp ruled states.
;;-0.5574;;stating that the incident had not happened all of a sudden, he said it was a fascist act implemented by madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan with the knowledge of the centre.
;;0.0258;;instead, they prevented the chief minister from attending the reception and seeing the people from his state, the cpm said and added that it was an unlawful act on the part of the police.
;;-0.4019;;in a significant development, meanwhile, chief minister shivrajchouhan met with agitating farmer leaders in ujjain in the afternoon, after which bhartiya kisan sangh (bks) leader shivakant dixit declared that the stir had been called off after the cm accepted most of the demands of the agitating farmers.
;;-0.3713;;however, a shortwhile later, mp kisan sena (mpks) leader jagdish rawalia said the stir has not been called off as the farmers were not fully satisfied with the meeting with the cm and may meet him again in indore on monday.
;;0.6059;;the bks leader has said that the cm has accepted their series of demands, but the rkms stir was only focused on two demands and not series of demands.
;;0.3612;;the second demand was to waive off the farmers loans worth around rs 45,000 crores in mp, none of which has been accepted by the cm.
;;0.4939;;earlier in the day, the cm had tweeted after meeting the farmers i am happy that farmers have decided to withdraw their strike.
;;0.0;;thiruvananthapuram: the bhopal police on saturday advised chief minister pinarayi vijayan against attending a reception accorded to him by the malayali association there.
;;-0.2263;;the police alerted the cm that there could be some untoward incidents and protests against him.
;;0.6705;;he told the police that he was the chief minister of another state and if the police who handle the security dissuades him from attending the function, he should respect it.
;;-0.2263;;the police alerted the cm that there could be some untoward incidents and protests against him.
;;-0.4215;;after the madhya pradesh polices advisory against attending the felicitation function snowballed into a controversy, the states chief secretary basant pratap singh and director general of police rishi kumar shukla met chief minister pinarayi vijayan in bhopal and expressed regret.
;;0.0;;according to the chief ministers office here, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan telephoned pinarayi vijayan but the incident in bhopal did not figure in the talks.
;;0.0;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had said late last night that all issues can be sorted out through talks.
;;0.0;;soon after getting information about patwa's demise, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan rushed to the hospital.
;;-0.5994;;later, chouhan condoled the death of the senior bjp leader.
;;0.4019;;terming the indefinite fast by the state chief minister shivrajchouhan as a pretense, congress party spokesperson randeep surjewala asked chouhan to prepare for his political exile.
;;-0.1531;;madhya pradesh could come under the grip of a violent agitation by farmers despite the state being run by chief minister shivrajchouhan , who has unmatchable credentials in agricultural growth, said the party leaders to attribute criminal-political motive to the turn of events.
;;-0.0772;;farmers in madhya pradesh too had staged protests on the similar lines, but called off the agitation after chief minister shivrajchouhan agreed to the demands put forth by them.
;;0.6249;;after the bjp returned to power for the third time in the state in 2013, pathak crossed over to the saffron party at the instance of former chief minister shivrajchouhan to save his mines which are under litigation for being located on forest land.
;;-0.6908;;speaking to reporters here, naidu also dismissed the congress' demand that chief minister shivrajchouhan step down from his post in view of the deaths of five protesting farmers in police firing.
;;-0.5106;;targetting the opposition party, he recalled an incident in the state's betul district on january 12, 1998, where 24 farmers died allegedly in police firing ordered by then chief minister and congress leader digvijay singh.
;;-0.8442;;on chouhan's resignation, naidu questioned whether singh had resigned from the post of chief minister after the farmers, who were seeking compensation after a hailstorm, were killed.
;;0.0;;the minister described chouhan as the most farmerfriendly chief minister and listed welfare measures taken by the bjp-led centre and state government.
;;-0.6249;;the police official's statement that the men were not linked to the islamic state comes as madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan on wednesday said in bhopal that those behind the bhopal-ujjain passenger train bomb blast had suspected islamic state (is) links.
;;-0.4939;;chouhan also revealed that the explosion was caused by a pipe bomb, whose pictures were sent to syria through their mobile phones.
;;-0.2732;;farmers had yesterday resorted to violence and arson in western madhya pradesh despite prohibitory measures, posing a major challenge for chief minister shivrajchouhan and providing a rallying point for the opposition parties.
;;0.2732;;the chouhan government had sought to cool the tempers by announcing certain measures, including a loan settlement scheme for those cultivators who had defaulted on repayment of farm loan borrowed by them earlier.
;;-0.7964;;new delhi: union home minister rajnath singh on monday spoke to madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan and sought for a detail report after eight terrorists of the banned group students islamic movement of india (simi) escaped late on sunday night from the bhopal central jail.
;;0.3612;;kk mishras counsel cross-examined shivrajchouhan by asking him 15 questions, to which he responded either with one-liners or elaborately.
;;0.2732;;anand tiwari, counsel for the chief minister, however, objected to certain questions raised by mishras counsel as irrelevant to the case, which chouhan did not respond to during the cross examination.
;;0.8519;;when asked by mishras counsel about this, shivrajchouhan agreed that in 2013-14, the state had won the award only for staying ahead of others in wheat production.
;;-0.7964;;during the cross examination based on shivrajchouhan deposition made during similar examinations in the case in november 2016, the counsel for the accused showed the cm his picture with a man accused in the multi-crore vyapam scam.
;;-0.6249;;shivraj singh chouhan also denied that the then bjp national president rajnath singh, had in june 2014 asked him about media reports containing congress leader kk mishras allegations of chouhans link to the vyapam scam.
;;-0.1513;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan described the jailbreak as very serious and announced the suspension of five jail officials, including the jail superintendent.
;;-0.25;;she was leading a protest march, during which an effigy of chief minister shivrajchouhan was burnt.
;;-0.1779;;mandsaur: in ferment for the last several days, madhya pradesh's mandsaur, the epicentre of a violent stir by farmers, remained peaceful today, prompting chief minister shivrajchouhan to end his indefinite fast.
;;-0.6908;;chouhan, under relentless opposition attack over the farmers' stir, broke his fast about a day-and-half into it with a glass of coconut water offered by former mp chief minister kailash joshi.
;;0.0;;during his fast, chouhan had met 15 delegations of small farmers and 236 of big cultivators.
;;-0.7845;;bjp's state unit president nandkumar singh chauhan claimed the family members of those killed in tuesday's police firing had yesterday met chouhan and requested him to call off his fast.
;;-0.7845;;the kin of four out of five men killed in firing had met chouhan at the fast venue.
;;0.128;;bjp general secretary kailash vijaywargiya claimed the farmers requested chouhan to end his fast and even said they were ready to withdraw the agitation.
;;0.4767;;bhopal: the ambitious narmada seva yatra spearheaded by madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan evoked the participation of bjp national president amit shah on monday.
;;0.3612;;just like our pm narendra modi has been working for the cause of the environment with a missionary zeal, mp cm shivrajchouhan too, has been making conservation of narmada a public movement, said shah.
;;0.0;;before, this as cm of gujarat our present pm narendra modi linked narmada river to many rivers in gujarat,  maintained shah.
;;0.0;;earlier, addressing the gathering chouhan announced that a massive tree plantation drive will be organised on the banks of river narmada, spanning from river's origin amarkantak in anuppur district to barwani and alirajpur districts.
;;-0.296;;former state congress president arun yadav (who lost to outgoing chief minister shivrajchouhan from budhni seat by more than 59,000 votes) broke into tears while meeting and embracing the outgoing leader of opposition, ajay singh (who lost from churhat seat) outside the latters residence, amid the suspense over who would become the new chief minister prevailing in the neighbouring party headquarters.
;;0.0772;;before the elections, arun yadav had expressed confidence that he would emerge a giant-killer, asserting the alarming rise of the sand mafia and the vyapam examination scam would prove to be outgoing chief minister shivrajchouhan political waterloo.
;;0.4118;;war of slogans outside mp congress hqtwo days of suspense over who would be chosen the next cm of madhya pradesh provided the perfect opportunity to supporters of kamal nath and jyotiraditya scindia to not only show their might outside the mp congress state hq, but also get their visuals and sound bytes regularly beamed across the nation through the tv crews stationed in bhopal since the day the results were announced.
;;0.0;;after a request from madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , who briefed union home minister rajnath singh on the incident over phone and requested an nia investigation into the issue, the mha is considering to handover over the probe to the national investigation agency.
;;0.0;;incidentally, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan visited bhatia village in the district today and announced a slew of schemes for the welfare of tribals.
;;-0.296;;the district's chief medical and health officer (cmho) dr a p dwivedi said, i have just returned after the chief minister's tour and i have no information about the incident.
;;0.5423;;chief minister shivrajchouhan said the state government was open for a dialogue to iron out the differences and once again appealed them to maintain peace.
;;-0.743;;meanwhile, the shivrajchouhan government earlier in the day transferred the collector and superintendent of police of mandsaur district which witnessed the death of five farmers in police firing.
;;-0.2732;;farmers had yesterday resorted to violence and arson in western madhya pradesh despite prohibitory measures, posing a major challenge for chief minister shivrajchouhan and providing a rallying point for the opposition parties.
;;0.2732;;the chouhan government had sought to cool the tempers by announcing certain measures, including a loan settlement scheme for those cultivators who had defaulted on repayment of farm loan borrowed by them earlier.
;;-0.5719;;in indore, the agitating farmer union rashtriya kisan mazdoor sangh (rkms) demanded the dismissal of shivrajchouhan government and the the imposition of presidents rule.
;;0.0;;the congress mp for chhindwara, kamal nath too urged chouhan to quit.
;;0.0;;shivraj singh chouhan too convened his council of ministers, and talk was that some major announcements would be made to placate farmers.
;;-0.7906;;by iansbhopal: a war of words has broken out between former madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan and the congress government in the state over the proposed temple of goddess sita in sri lanka.
;;0.5267;;responding to chouhan's allegations, state public relations minister pc sharma said that the former cm had visited sri lanka only to gain political mileage.
;;-0.8402;;an alleged case of suicide, by consuming poison, was also reported from sehore, home district of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;-0.8591;;bhopal: following the incidents of firing in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh in which at least five farmers were killed on tuesday, chief minister shivrajchouhan dropped his plans to visit gwalior and chaired an emergency meeting of the state cabinet here.
;;-0.4019;;further, the cm also declared a compensation of rs 5 lakh to the injured.
;;-0.9246;;the wailing wife of head-constable ramashankar, who was killed by simi terrorists during their escape from central jail, in bhopal on monday | ptibhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan on tuesday announced rs 10 lakh for the family of the policeman allegedly killed by simi activists who escaped from the bhopal central jail.
;;-0.1027;;bhopal: in the wake of the uttarkashi bus accident, railway minister suresh prabhu has instructed authorities to arrange a special train bogey to bring bodies to madhya pradesh on chief minister shivraj singh chouhan's request.
;;0.0;;bengaluru: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan on wednesday invited industrialists from it and other sectors in karnataka to invest in that state.
;;-0.6705;;within six months after i took charge as cm, dacoits were either killed or sent to jail.
;;0.8393;;singh said madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan did not want to give entertainment tax exemption to three ipl matches to be played in indore next month as he was averse to the idea of cheerleaders in the popular t20 tournament.
;;0.296;;i have been told that cm shivrajchouhan was averse to the idea of cheerleaders in the ipl, he told reporters.
;;0.5859;;the party had earlier formed a committee under the leadership of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan to prepare a 'garib kalyan' (welfare of poor) agenda under which its state governments will be asked to achieve certain key objectives in various welfare schemes.
;;0.4215;;he further said that the farming sector under the leadership of chief minister shivrajchouhan has been growing well.
;;0.2023;;meanwhile, chouhan has begun an indefinite hunger strike for peace at the dussera maidan to restore the prevailing tense situation.
;;-0.0829;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan had frequented shahdol to ensure that bjp retains the seat as he did not want to give any chance to his rivals to attack him, given that his party had failed to retain the ratlam-jhabua lok sabha seat by-poll in november last year.
;;0.0;;sisodia also took a jibe at madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan for being carried by two police officials while inspecting a flood situation in his state.
;;0.4767;;the photograph went viral, attracting trolling of chouhan.
;;0.0;;the june 4 meeting between chief minister shivrajchouhan and the rss-affiliated bharatiya kisan sangh (bks) and another farmer body, the kisan sena, was a case in point.
;;-0.1779;;sharma's reaction came after singhar writes to congress interim president sonia gandhi accusing digvijaya singh of trying to destabilise chief minister kamal nath-led government in madhya pradesh.
;;0.0;;sharma also said that singhar should have approached kamal nath first instead of directly approaching to the congress chief.
;;0.0;;the minister further said, he is continuously writing letters to chief minister kamal nath and his cabinet colleagues and making it viral on social media.
;;0.0;;singhar further said that former chief minister shivrajchouhan and opposition leader gopal bhargava have also been saying that the government was being run by digvijaya singh.
;;0.0;;kamal nath was sworn in as chief minister but someone else is running the government from behind, bjp leader chouhan had said.
;;0.0;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan made a presentation on how to double farmers' income.
;;-0.4767;;bhopal: launching a scathing attack on the opposition over the bhopal encounter, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan on tuesday said some leaders are indulging in vote bank politics which is highly condemnable.
;;0.6526;;meanwhile, minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju came to the rescue of madhya pradesh cm shivrajchouhan saying one cannot raise alarm bell merely on the basis of a clip or some kind of papers.
;;-0.6705;;after the incident, chief minister shivrajchouhan , in his tweet, had blamed the opposition party for instigating violence.
;;0.0;;a presentation on the roadmap of doubling farmers income will be made by madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.6908;;praising madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , prime minister modi said, cm @chouhanshivraj, who has revolutionised agriculture sector in mp, will share a presentation on the roadmap to double income of farmers.
;;0.6705;;state agriculture cabinet has also decided to set up agricultural costs and marketing commission to ensure better prices of the farm produce vis--vis cost of crops, chitnis told reporters after attending the agriculture cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;-0.4215;;the mp kisan sena (mpks), which was spearheading the stir, announced on sunday that it was calling it off hours after chief minister shivrajchouhan had held talks with the protesting farmers in ujjain district.
;;0.2732;;rss-affiliated bharatiya kisan sangh's kshetriya sangathan mantri shivkant dixit had said farmers had decided to withdraw their stir saying the cm has agreed to most of their demands.
;;-0.7096;;(ashwin prasath | eps)bhopal: the violent agrarian agitation in madhya pradesh, which was largely confined to the western districts, spread to sehore, hometown of chief minister shivrajchouhan , on friday.
