;;-0.743;;meanwhile, the leader of opposition in the assembly, ajay singh, demanded the resignation of chief minister shivrajchouhan , it is a shameful incident for a chief minister who claims to be a farmer's son.
;;-0.34;;chouhan should resign immediately, the congress leader said.
;;0.0;;modi's felicitation is scheduled in sehore, the home district of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , on february 18.
;;-0.6486;;ls proceedings washed out on opening daynew delhi, jul 22, 2015, (pti) 18:13 istparliament today saw a washout as the opposition aggressively pressed for ouster of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, as also madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , rejecting the government's offer for a debate.
;;-0.6124;;amid protests by bjp members, she demanded an impartial cbi probe and resignation of chouhan.
;;0.296;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , who is convener of the sub-committee, recently decided to reduce the number of css and said only important schemes will be retained while the decision to continue others was left to the states discretion.
;;0.0;;the sub-group on css has chief ministers of 11 states, including rajasthan, nagaland, manipur, jharkhand, kerala, jammu & kashmir and arunachal pradesh.
;;-0.5719;;they said the bjp leadership had not taken any action against madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan in the vyapam scam.
;;-0.886;;vyapam scam: cong wants fir against chouhanafter meeting prime minister narendra modi, congress leaders stepped up the offensive against madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan in connection with the vyapam, or madhya pradesh professional examination board (mppeb), scam.
;;-0.886;;since the beginning of the monsoon session on july 21, lok sabha saw repeated disruptions by opposition congress that demanded resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for facilitating travel documents of former ipl chief lalit modi, while asking for resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan over the vyapam scam.
;;-0.7783;;congress has been demanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the wake of the lalit modi controversy and that of the madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan over the vyapam scam in his state.
;;-0.7096;;they also sought resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan over the vyapam scam.
;;-0.7783;;as ansari started the question hour proceedings, congress members were in the aisle raising the vyapam scam issue and demanding the resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.0;;so far, we have performed 82 autopsies, chief medical officer dr arun sharma told deccan herald over phone.
;;0.0;;chief minister anandiben patel and governor o p kohli were present at the state-level celebration held at the gmdc ground in ahmedabad.
;;0.0772;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan led a large number of students and others in a yoga session at the lal parade ground in state capital bhopal.
;;0.0;;chief minister arvind kejriwal and his deputy manish sisodia was among the participants on rajpath.
;;0.5267;;union minister of state for social justice and empowerment krishan pal gujjar was the chief guest at the event at jhelum view park in rajbagh, organised by the kashmir unit of bjp.
;;0.0;;chief minister manohar lal khattar attended the state level function organised by haryana government in karnal.
;;0.0;;in rajasthan, lakhs of people performed yoga for one hour to mark the day with the state's main event being attended by chief minister vasundhara raje and her cabinet colleagues at sawai man singh stadium in jaipur.
;;0.2732;;chief minister raje also administered the oath of health, fitness and discipline in life to over 25,000 people.
;;0.6249;;in chhattisgarh, chief minister raman singh encouraged people, particularly the youngsters, to practice yoga while highlighting the benefits of the ancient form of exercise and meditation.
;;-0.34;;the congress and some parties are demanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over their alleged help to former ipl chief lalit modi, who is facing an enforcement directorate investigation, and of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan over the vyapam scam.
;;-0.5719;;it also wants madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan sacked over his reported involvement in the vyapam scam.
;;0.0;;calling december 15, when cbi conducted the raid at the office of his principal secretary rajendra kumar, a black day, kejriwal tore into modi and dared him to act against madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , his rajasthan counterpart vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushma swaraj.
;;0.0;;tomorrow there can be raids on any chief minister.
;;-0.3291;;in the past, we set up a commission of inquiry over the transport scam involving former cm and her officials, but mha later declared it null and void as lg was getting implicated in it.
;;0.2023;;madhya pradesh denies releasing advertisement with cm's photographsnew delhi, may 16, 2015 (ians) 19:58 isteven though the supreme court has prohibited the use of photographs of governors and chief ministers in advertisements put up by state governments or its agencies, a leading national daily on friday came out with a two-page pull out carrying the photographs of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan along with that of prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.0;;the two pages, called a media marketing initiative, carry five photographs of chauhan at different functions and a write up by him.
;;-0.6808;;the opposition also demanded that madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan step down in the wake of the vyapam scam.
;;-0.4588;;nhrc seeks report on youth's deathmarch 05, 2016, new delhi, dhns 2:12 istthe national human rights commission (nhrc) has sought a report from the madhya pradesh government after media reports said that a youth was left to bleed to death by the police to allow chief minister shivrajchouhan cavalcade to pass.
;;0.3291;;to a query why madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan was kept out of the party's parliamentary board, singh quipped: chouhan has been doing excellent work but then there was only one vacancy and we had to choose one of them and we chose modi as he is the senior-most chief minister.
;;-0.9451;;vyapam scam: rajnath speaks to mp cm over journalist's deathnew delhi, jul 2, 2015, (pti): 20:52 istconcerned over the death of a tv journalist covering the vyapam scam, union home minister rajnath singh spoke to madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan and asked him to conduct a thorough investigation into the death.
;;-0.5994;;during their 10-minute telephonic conversation, singh asked chouhan to order a thorough investigation into the death of tv journalist akshay singh in madhya pradesh's jhabua district.
;;-0.5994;;official sources said the chief minister briefed the home minister about the incident and the steps being taken to know the details on the circumstances leading to the death of the journalist.
;;0.6124;;the home minister also asked the chief minister to ensure the security of all people connected with the case.
;;-0.2732;;farmers had yesterday resorted to violence and arson in western madhya pradesh despite prohibitory measures, posing a major challenge for chief minister shivrajchouhan and providing a rallying point for the opposition parties.
;;0.2732;;the chouhan government had sought to cool the tempers by announcing certain measures, including a loan settlement scheme for those cultivators who had defaulted on repayment of farm loan borrowed by them earlier.
;;0.1027;;on second consecutive day, chouhan reached petlawad in a helicopter.
;;-0.8402;;on saturday, chouhan had met the people injured met the injured in the petlawad community health centre and met kin of the people who died in the gruesome in petlawad town.
;;-0.4404;;rss bounty on kerala cm's head draws flakthiruvananthapuram, mar 3, 2017, dhns: 0:01 istrss leader kundan chandrawats announcement of a bounty of rs 1 crore on chief minister pinarayi vijayans head was widely condemned in kerala.
;;-0.34;;leader of the opposition in the kerala legislative assembly ramesh chennithalaand minister for agriculture v s sunil kumar, among others, urged madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan to order the arrest of the rss ujjain mahanagar prachar pramukh.
;;0.6486;;on the occasion, modi greeted the people for the holi festival and also wished madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan on his 56th birthday.
;;-0.7506;;scindia said that congress will not budge on its demand for resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan over vyapam scam as it has dented the image of madhya pradesh at the international level.
;;0.0;;the saffron party's acts and deeds on corruption are way apart, scindia, chief whip of congress in lok sabha, told pti here.
;;-0.7579;;almost half the session has gone in disruptions as opposition parties led by congress are not allowing discussion while demanding resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over the lalit modi controversy and that of chouhan in connection with the vyapam scam.
;;-0.5719;;stating that the scam took place when medical education department was headed by chouhan, scindia said it has dented the image of madhya pradesh at the international level.
;;0.802;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan called modi 'super manav' (super human) who is working to make india a strong country.
;;0.3318;;defence parrikar manohar parrikar recalled there was never lack of valour in the country and cited examples of shivaji and maharana pratap.
;;0.0;;he should remove madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , rajasthan cm vasundhara raje, chhattisgarh cm raman singh, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley and other tainted ministers and by all means let parliament function, the congress leader said.
;;0.34;;singh said he had spoken to punjab chief minister prakash singh badal, the national security adviser ajit doval, director general of bsf and union home secretary l c goyal.
;;0.0;;i have also instructed bsf to enhance vigil along the entire international border, he said, before leaving for neemuch with madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.2263;;after seeking all chief ministers consent on the draft, the final recommendations will be submitted to the prime minister, said chouhan.
;;-0.3612;;rahul had visited the ftii in pune in july to express solidarity with the protesting students demanding removal of gajendra chauhan as chairman.
;;-0.7506;;the congress vice president's reference to silence on his tweet was apparently to the prime minister's silence on the opposition demand for resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the wake of the lalit modi controversy and that of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan over the vyapam scam.
;;0.0;;chief minister shivrajchouhan announced a compensation of rs 10 lakh to the next of the kin of the deceased.
;;-0.6705;;while the congress called for a statewide bandh on wednesday, chouhan blamed the opposition party for instigating the violence.
;;-0.2263;;we will solve all problems through discussion, chouhan tweeted.
;;-0.34;;chouhan should resign immediately.
;;0.0516;;as yadav again sought to press his point, gandhi was seen telling partymen to resume slogan shouting in the well, which was temporarily stopped when the sp chief was speaking.
;;-0.34;;when he alleged that the help extended to the former ipl chief was not humanitarian, but commercial in nature, there was an angry reaction from the treasury benches.
;;-0.6908;;while in their last rounds of protest, congress members had concentrated on lalit modi issue in their placards, today they targetted madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan for 48 deaths in vyapam scam.
;;0.2263;;an ffi delegation will also meet madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan and request him to instruct the police and the officials concerned to take the necessary steps to allow the smooth screening of the film, he said.
;;0.0;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan described jayalalithaa as a symbol of women's empowerment.
;;0.25;;at a time when women entering politics was rare, jayalalithaa created a political history in contemporary tamil nadu politics by becoming aiadmk's general secretary and later as chief minister of tamil nadu, rao said.
;;0.5574;;gujarat governor o p kohli and chief minister vijay rupani today paid rich tributes to jayalalithaa.
;;0.2263;;his warning came after the first two weeks of parliament's monsoon session saw very little work in the lok sabha, as congress and left party mps disrupted the proceedings demanding resignations of not only chouhan, but also external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for their purported role in helping tainted ipl ex-chief lalit modi procure travel documents from the british government.
;;0.0;;the state cabinet in its meeting chaired by chief minister shivrajchouhan today decided to shift the fiscal year january to december.
;;-0.296;;rahul targets pm over corruption, why no action against shivraj?
;;-0.34;;new delhi, july 9, 2015, (pti) 19:51 istreminding prime minister narendra modi of his poll promise to end corruption, rahul gandhi today asked why is he not taking action against madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , who is embroiled in the massive admission and recruitment scam.
;;0.0;;why are you not acting against shivrajchouhan , he said in brief remarks here.
;;-0.8591;;new delhi, july 6, 2015, dhns: 1:39 istat a time when the narendra modi government and the bjp central leadership are backing beleaguered madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , union water resources minister uma bharati has raked up old rivalry by saying she feels scared and fears that her name might be dragged into the vyapam scam.
;;-0.3818;;the apprehensions of bharati, who has had a running feud with chauhan for years now after she was ousted from the state politics when he became chief minister, are similar to those expressed by opposition parties, who have been demanding a supreme court-monitored cbi probe to unravel the mysterious deaths of over 40 people linked to the scam.
;;-0.6597;;soon after the incident, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , who was earlier reluctant to hand over the probe into the scam to cbi, decided to write to the mp high court for an investigation by the central agency into the scandal which is said to have claimed over 40 lives, including that of witnesses.
;;0.1531;;president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendra modi, congress vice-president rahul gandhi, union minister venkaiah naidu, chief minister o panneerselvam, his counterparts from several states, governor vidyasagar rao, dmk leader m k stalin and superstar rajnikanth were among the dignitaries who paid homage at rajaji hall where the body of 68-year-old jayalalithaa lay in state since early morning.
;;0.0;;those who paid homage to the late leader at rajaji hall, included madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , odisha chief minister naveen patnaik, andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan, karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah, governor p sathasivam and former prime minister h d deve gowda.
;;-0.743;;there is no basis to these complaints, she said of the congress allegations that madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan was to blame and must quit.
;;-0.5719;;meanwhile, another vyapam scam whistleblower ashish chaturvedi said he along with his colleagues will write a letter to madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan seeking that the transfers of rai and his wife be revoked.
;;-0.25;;on june 8, khatik was leading a protest march during which an effigy of chief minister shivrajchouhan was burnt.
;;0.6124;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had launched an indefinite fast in bhopal on saturday with an appeal for peace and met farmer leaders.
;;0.4588;;the situation in western madhya pradesh is posing a major challenge for chief minister shivrajchouhan and providing a rallying point for the opposition parties.
;;0.2732;;the shivrajchouhan government had sought to cool tempers by announcing certain measures, including a loan settlement scheme for those cultivators who had defaulted on repayment of farm loan borrowed by them earlier.
;;0.7184;;the opposition party has taken a strong stand against modis government refusal to sack external affairs minister sushma swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje (over lalitgate) and madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (over vyapam scam).
;;-0.7783;;the congress has also been demanding the resignation of rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje on the same issue and that of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan over the vyapam scam.
;;0.0;;after raje, congress trains guns on shivraj chouhannew delhi, june 27, 2015, dhns: 1:32 istafter vasundhara raje, the congress on friday trained its guns on madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;-0.6369;;senior congress leaders approached the election commission accusing chouhan of violating the model code of conduct enforced in the state for the bypoll to the garoth assembly constituency.
;;0.25;;aicc general secretaries digvijay singh and mohan prakash met chief election commissioner nasim zaidi with a memorandum against chouhan accusing him of inducing a local bjp leader for mustering his support in saturdays byelection.
;;0.5994;;the congress accused chouhan of alluring chaudhary to seek vote from a particular community in favour of the bjp candidate for which he would be suitably rewarded.
;;0.2732;;the bill was passed in the rajya sabha with four official amendments, which was suggested by madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (bjp) and accepted by the congress.
;;0.0;;the prime minister, who is keeping a close watch on the situation, spoke to chief ministers of bihar, sikkim, up and madhya pradesh.
;;0.0;;due to the situation, the pm also spoke to madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , it said in another tweet.
;;-0.0516;;buckling under pressure, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan had yesterday made a u-turn and decided to seek an investigation into the murky vyapam scam by cbi on a day the supreme court agreed to hear petitions in this regard.
;;-0.6124;;chouhan attacked the congress and other opposition parties saying they were indulging in a reckless propaganda of bringing disrepute to the state.
;;-0.5994;;congress blasts chouhan, demands separate probesnew delhi: july 8, 2015,dhns: 1:48 istthe congress on wednesday demanded separate probes into the vyapam scam and the 49 deaths connected to it even as embattled madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan said he would approach the supreme court for a cbi probe into the scandal.
;;-0.2732;;the congress accused chouhan of trying to hoodwink the people by not even mentioning the scam-related deaths in his communication to the madhya pradesh high court requesting a cbi probe into the matter.
;;-0.7184;;vyapam is bigger than the haryana recruitment scam and the bihar fodder scam, singh said in an attempt to bracket chouhan with convicted former chief ministers om prakash chautala and lalu prasad respectively.
;;0.7506;;prime minister manmohan singh on tuesday also directed the defence ministry to deploy helicopters to rescue people stranded in remote areas of uttarakhand, following a meeting with chief minister vijay bahuguna, who sought the centres help to tackle the situation in his state.
;;-0.4404;;chouhan also mentioned that soyabean crop had been damaged because of the rains.
;;0.0;;so much so that it roped in kejriwal's friend-turned-foe and former police officer kiran bedi and declared her as its chief ministerial candidate.
;;0.1027;;how serious a threat is the aap to the bjp is clear from the fact the bjp-led central cabinet ministers and other stalwarts like madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan had to be brought in to campaign.
;;0.4019;;the party is banking on former union minister ajay maken, who has been appointed as its campaign chief.
;;0.6597;;delhi congress unit chief and former minister arvinder singh lovely not contesting reflects the low morale of the party.
;;0.3612;;chief ministers reach chennai to pay tributes to jayachennai, dec 6, 2016 (pti) 16:26 istseveral chief ministers today arrived here to pay their last respects to j jayalalithaa and hailed their late tamil nadu counterpart for being a leader of the masses whose demise has left a vacuum in public life that cannot be filled.
;;0.2263;;paying tributes, chouhan hailed jayalalithaa's welfare schemes for the people of tamil nadu.
;;-0.2732;;karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah also paid tributes to the 67-year-old leader, who passed away last night after battling for life for 75 days.
;;-0.25;;bhopal, jul 7, 2015, (pti) 19:05 istafter resolutely rejecting calls for a cbi probe, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan today decided to seek an investigation into the murky vyapam scam by the central agency on a day the supreme court agreed to hear petitions in this regard.
;;-0.5574;;under intense opposition attack and mounting public outrage over a string of deaths of people associated with vyapam, a beleagured chouhan, a third time chief minister, announced his decision to recommend to the high court a cbi inquiry.
;;0.34;;as chouhan buckled under all round pressure to go for a cbi probe, a day after union home minister rajnath singh ruled it out in the absence of a direction from the court, congress dismissed the move, insisting merely an investigation by the premier agency would not suffice and that it should be monitored by the supreme court.
;;0.3182;;latest decision of shivraj to write to high court for cbi probe is another attempt to muzzle the truth.
;;-0.9413;;chouhan was under mounting pressure from opposition parties, particularly the congress to order a cbi probe following the death of arun sharma, the dean of a jabalpur medical college probing the scandal on sunday in delhi, a day after akshay singh, a journalist of the tv today group on the vyapam scam trail, mysteriously died minutes after he had interviewed the parents of a deceased girl accused.
;;-0.886;;as the opposition kept up its attack on chouhan over the scam and modi for his silence on the issue, in potentially controversial remarks law minister d v sadananda gowda termed the scandal as a silly issue on which the prime minister need not comment.
;;-0.4215;;the opposition party has been demanding the resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan insisting that a fair and impartial probe into the scam was not possible without his removal.
;;0.0258;;the drubbing in the recent bihar assembly elections, and rss chief mohan bhagwat's quota review remarks appeared to have made bjp jittery, forcing madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan to strongly contend that till the time he is there, there will be no end to reservation.
;;0.128;;as long as narendra modi is prime minister and i am chief minister, no one ('koi mai ka laal') can end reservation, chouhan recently said while addressing meetings at bori and baledi villages while campaigning for the party candidates in the bypolls.
;;-0.2263;;chouhan said the congress has distorted the statement of rss chief over reservation and is playing politics over it.
;;0.7184;;sensing an opportunity in the bypoll, the otherwise divided congress party in the state has tried to project unity with all senior leaders, including general secretary digvijay singh, former union minister kamal nath and party's chief whip in the lok sabha jyotiraditya scindia and state unit chief arun yadav campaigning vigorously for kantilal bhuria.
;;0.0772;;in an effort to retain both the seats, bjp, besides banking on its chief minister's charisma, also deployed union minister narendra singh tomar, party's national vice president and in-charge of state unit vinay sahastrbuddhe, national general secretary kailash vijaywargiya, state bjp president nandkumar singh chouhan and a number of state cabinet ministers, for the campaigning.
;;-0.6908;;speaking to reporters here, naidu also dismissed the congress' demand that chief minister shivrajchouhan step down from his post in view of the deaths of five protesting farmers in police firing.
;;-0.5106;;targetting the opposition party, he recalled an incident in the state's betul district on january 12, 1998, where 24 farmers died allegedly in police firing ordered by then chief minister and congress leader digvijay singh.
;;-0.8442;;on chouhan's resignation, naidu questioned whether singh had resigned from the post of chief minister after the farmers, who were seeking compensation after a hailstorm, were killed.
;;0.539;;the minister described chouhan as the most farmer- friendly chief minister and listed welfare measures taken by the bjp-led centre and state government.
;;0.5267;;a bench headed by chief justice h l dattu said all cases will be transferred to the cbi from monday and the agency will file its report before it on july 24.
;;-0.4215;;speculations were rife that advani was unhappy over the reported move to make gujarat chief minister narendra modi the partys poll campaign panel chief.
;;0.7096;;recently, advani had praised madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , raising eyebrows within a section of the party.
;;0.4019;;the rss is said to have given the green signal for modi being made campaign panel chief as rss in-charge for bjp suresh soni met party president rajnath singh on thursday.
;;0.0;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan had also urged the union health minister j p nadda that viscera samples be tested at aiims.
;;-0.128;;the demand for sending the viscera outside the state was made by singh's sister in a letter to chouhan.
;;0.0;;and sisodia must not spare him (kejriwal) if he (chief minister) himself indulged in corruption, the aap chief said.
;;-0.5267;;kejriwal went on to demand that prime minister narendra modi should similarly sack madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , who is linked to a recruitment scandal.
;;-0.34;;congress had yesterday attacked madhya pradesh chief minister chief minister shivrajchouhan on the issue of mp professional examination board (mppeb) scam alleging that the original excel sheet seized from a computer was tampered to shield him and his family.
;;-0.5106;;however, state law and legislative affairs and parliamentary affairs minister narottam mishra had termed the allegations as baseless and untrue and an attempt to tarnish the image of chouhan after suffering a string of defeats in successive elections.
;;0.7579;;uma had led the party to a spectacular win in the 2003 state assembly polls after which she became the chief minister.
;;-0.25;;the bjp has decided to bite the bullet and scuttle the opposition's move to rake up the vyapam scam, involving madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara rajes reported attempts to help ipl ex-chief lalit modi get british travel documents, by saying that these are state issues and cannot be debated in parliament.
;;0.836;;meanwhile, chief minister shivrajchouhan today began his indefinite fast at the dusshera maidan here for restoration of peace and promised profitable prices to farmers for their produce.
;;-0.6486;;parliament has witnessed a washout since the monsoon session began on july 21 with congress-led opposition aggressively pressing for ouster of swaraj, raje, as also madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , rejecting the government's offer for a debate.
;;-0.8225;;jhabua (mp), july 6, 2015, (pti) 1:41 istthe central bjp leadership is looking up to the courts to decide the next course of action in the vyapam scam with voices demanding resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan growing louder over increasing figure of suspicious deaths.
;;-0.743;;union home minister rajnath singh, who was in jhabua to tribute to the late bjp mp dileep singh bhuria, was also briefed by chauhan about the incidents given the fact that trainee sub-inspector anamika sikarwar (25) was the latest to have died on monday, providing fodder to opposition to demand the cms resignation and an sc-monitored cbi probe.
;;0.0;;this team of technical experts not only displayed immense potential of our youth but also set an exemplary example for others to follow, chouhan added.
;;0.0;;bjp veteran l k advani wanted madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan in the partys highest decision-making body.
;;0.0;;chouhan eventually made it to the list of permanent invitee chief ministers in the national executive.
;;-0.8979;;new delhi, jul 5, 2015 (pti) 17:01 istthe last rites of investigative tv journalist akshay singh, who was covering vyapam scam, were held today in the capital where rahul gandhi and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal were among those present, amid mounting outrage over his mysterious death.
;;0.0258;;something must be done to prevent more deaths, the delhi cm tweeted.
;;0.1531;;speaking in madhya pradesh assembly, chief minister shivrajchouhan said that those who orchestrated the blast arrived from lucknow and planted the bomb in the passenger train as part of a pre-planned conspiracy.
;;0.5719;;bjp won local body elections at three places, including sehore, the home district of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.9042;;congress chief whip in the lok sabha and guna mp jyotiraditya scindia expressed his gratitude towards the people for reposing faith in the party and congratulated the winning candidates.
;;0.6057;;state bjp president nandkumar singh chouhan said that his party has accepted people's mandate with all humility and would continue to serve them and will not leave any loopholes in it.
