;;-0.8442;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (source: ani/twitter) madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (source: ani/twitter)madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan on thursday announced that a legislation to award death penalty to persons who rape minor girls will be tabled in the monsoon session of madhya pradesh assembly.
;;-0.7269;;chouhan has often talked about death penalty for rapists but its for the first time that he announced a bringing a legislation to make that happen.
;;0.4404;;the first condition for the development of the state and the country is a good law and order system and this is the major responsibility of the police, chouhan added.
;;0.0;;the madhya pradesh patidar samaj had claimed on tuesday that the cremations would not take place until chief minister shivrajchouhan made an appearance.
;;-0.4939;;late on tuesday, chouhan increased the compensation from rs 10 lakh to rs 1 crore and a job to the next of kin of each dead.
;;0.3818;;in order to augment agriculture growth in the state for farmers madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan said that additional irrigation facility will be provided in 13 lakh hectare area in the state.
;;-0.4767;;watch what else is making newsreferring to the ongoing public welfare schemes of the state government, chouhan mentioned that every poor of the state will have their own house and land till 2022.
;;0.0;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had on wednesday said: we have proof that the explosion was carried out by isis-inspired operatives.
;;0.0;;both minister arya and sanctuary chairman akhileshwaranand suggested the government turn its attention to the sanctuary after may 15, the day the narmada seva yatra ends, allowing chief minister shivrajchouhan time.
;;0.0;;in this meeting chaired by the chief minister shivrajchouhan , cabinet had decided to constitute a tourism cabinet to translate states tourism potential into reality.
;;-0.92;;chief minister shivrajchouhan was deeply pained by the death of five farmers, the bjp leader said, adding that no state in the country has ever given a compensation of rs 1 crore upon a farmers death.
;;0.25;;his comments came as he reacted to madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan who while praising the prime minister for the surgical strikes said modis 56-inch chest had now swelled to 100 inches.
;;0.6124;;election commissioner o p rawat has recused himself from cases related to the aam aadmi party the election commission is hearing after delhi chief minister and party leader arvind kejriwal questioned his independence.
;;0.0;;in an interview, kejriwal had reportedly said he does not believe in the independence of two commissioners, includingrawat because he comes from madhya pradesh and has been very close to chief minister shivraj singh chauhan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendra modi with madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , mp governor anandiben patel and union minister narendra singh tomar at mandla in madhya pradesh on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi with madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , mp governor anandiben patel and union minister narendra singh tomar at mandla in madhya pradesh on tuesday.
;;0.128;;the mobile app mp e-nagarpalika was launched last evening here by state chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.128;;(source: pti photo) the mobile app mp e-nagarpalika was launched last evening here by state chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.128;;the mobile app mp e-nagarpalika was launched last evening here by state chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.0;;cheif minister shivrajchouhan was also present on the occasion.
;;-0.6369;;the centre is not budging despite the fact that nearly 12,000 farmers are committing suicide every year, scindia, the congress chief whip in lok sabha, claimed.
;;-0.4767;;he said chief minister shivrajchouhan is now trying to mollify the families of the farmers killed by giving them a compensation of rs 1 crore, jobs to the kin, among others.
;;-0.5106;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had failed in controlling his ministers,he alleged.
;;-0.7184;;a victim of alleged police brutality, the elderly woman has refused to eat until chief minister shivrajchouhan visits her with a promise to release her son and four grandsons from jail.
;;-0.4404;;they dragged my son and grandsons and beat me and my husband, the woman alleged two days ago but refused to narrate her ordeal in detail on monday because her associates said she would not to speak to anyone until the cm arrived.
;;-0.4215;;incidentally, chouhan broke his fast on live television on sunday in bhopal, 30 km from here.
;;0.0258;;we will agree only if the cm comes here, yadav said, directing the blame for mistreating kamlabai to awasthi, who in turn alleged that she was trying to settle scores with him for not listening to her when her land was to be assessed.
;;0.0;;last week,madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan had campaigned for uma bharti in charkhari,but did not go to the adjacent mahoba.
;;0.0258;;please alltwo months after his much publicized resignation as chief spokesperson of the up congress,subodh srivastava has quietly returned to the partys media management team.
;;0.4019;;the partys central leadership picked up ajay singhji as the leader of opposition and the state unit has been informed about it, state party chief arun yadav confirmed to pti today.
;;-0.4767;;ajay, son of former union minister arjun singh, had earlier worked in the similar capacity from 2010 to 2013 and during his stint the congress had then brought a no-confidence motion against the bjp government led chief minister shivrajchouhan which was defeated.
;;-0.1027;;b'in the wake of the uttarkashi bus accident, railway minister suresh prabhu has instructed authorities to arrange a special train bogey to bring bodies to madhya pradesh on chief minister shivrajchouhan request.
;;-0.8225;;chouhan on tuesday announced an ex gratia of rs 2 lakh each to the next of kin of those killed in uttarkashi bus accident.
;;0.0772;;pti photothe us-based companies are expected to invest more than rs 2,400 crore in madhya pradesh, especially in the infotech sector thus generating a large number of jobs, chief minister shivrajchouhan has said.
;;0.0;;chouhan was talking to reporters here last night on his return from a five-day visit to us.
;;0.4215;;my appeal to the farmers would be to come forward and talk to their respective chief ministers.
;;0.6249;;meanwhile, hitting out at some anti-social elements for trying to bring instability in the state, chief minister shivrajchouhan reiterated that the government is ready to resolve the farmers issues through talks.
;;0.4019;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan had called a special session in his state on august 24.
;;0.0;;chief minister shivrajchouhan expressed condolences to the families of the deceased and announced compensation of rs 2 lakh.
;;-0.7003;;i appeal to chief minister shivrajchouhan to impose a complete ban on liquor in the state in the coming days, he said.
;;0.0;;taking the lead, bjp-ruled madhya pradesh headed by chief minister shivrajchouhan tuesday decided to switch to january-december fiscal.
;;-0.5267;;announcing that peace had returned to madhya pradesh following appeals made by families of those killed in police firing in mandsaur and his own decision to go on a fast, chief minister shivrajchouhan called off his 28-hour fast at the dussehra maidan in bhopal on sunday.
;;0.4019;;union ministers thaawarchand gehlot and narendra tomar and bjp vice-president kailash vijayvargiya  they are from madhya pradesh  were present when chouhan ended his fast at the instance of former chief minister and party veteran kailash joshi.
;;-0.6249;;after its office-bearers met chief minister shivrajchouhan in ujjain, the bharatiya kisan sangh (bks), an organisation affiliated to the rss, said it has suspended the agitation.
;;0.2144;;we have suspended the agitation but if the government goes back on its promises we may take to the streets again, said bks leader shivkant dixit, seating next to the cm at the ujjain circuit house.
;;0.0;;he said the cm called him up late on saturday and invited him for talks.
;;0.0;;the organisation did not get any call from the cm.
;;-0.2023;;the bjp has backed the minister with state party chief nandkumar chouhan saying there was no need for him to resign.
;;0.4019;;asked for a comment, chief minister shivrajchouhan said the state party chief has already said what had to be said.
;;-0.34;;the congress has asked the minster to resign and the cm to sack him.
;;-0.7964;;meanwhile, chief minister shivrajchouhan , his cabinet colleague narottam mishra and other leaders have expressed grief on the death of yadav.
;;0.0;;last year, constable dharmendra chouhan was mowed down during a crackdown on the sand mafia.
;;0.3612;;chief minister shivrajchouhan announced a compensation of rs five lakh and assured a job to a member of the guards family.
;;0.5719;;the manifesto committee chairman,vikram verma relased the partys vision document in the presence of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan,leader of opposition in the lok sabha,sushma swaraj,state bjp president narendra singh tomar and other senior party leaders.
;;-0.5719;;it is the farmers anger which has spilled onto the roads against chief minister shivrajchouhan due to widespread corruption in the farm sector, rashtriya kisan mazdoor sangh national president shivkumar sharma told pti.
;;0.0;;i had been saying that massive corruption is plaguing the farm sector under chouhan since long.
;;0.0;;express photo by amit mehra madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;-0.0516;;express photo by amit mehramadhya pradesh finance minister jayant malaiya on wednesday said newly-appointed state congress president kamal nath stood no chance against chief minister shivrajchouhan in the assembly elections, due later this year.
;;0.2263;;kamal nath is no match to chouhan (59) in terms of popularity.
;;0.4754;;shivraj is very popular among the people for the welfare works he has done.
;;0.3612;;the congress has pitted an elderly leader like kamal nath (71) against chouhan, malaiya told reporters at indore.
;;0.0;;kamal nath would not be able to face shivraj in the upcoming assembly elections.
;;-0.5849;;he said the condition of roads and the power scenario was very bad during 1993-2003 when congress digvijay singh was the chief minister.
;;0.0;;b'patel, who took over as chief minister in may 2014 from modi, will cross the age bar of 75 years on november 21 this year as she was born in 1941.
;;0.0;;(source: file) patel, who took over as chief minister in may 2014 from modi, will cross the age bar of 75 years on november 21 this year as she was born in 1941.
;;0.0;;patel, who took over as chief minister in may 2014 from modi, will cross the age bar of 75 years on november 21 this year as she was born in 1941.
;;0.0;;earlier, a couple of ministers in madhya pradesh including senior leader babulal gaur and sartaj singh were dropped from the state cabinet by chief minister shivrajchouhan due to the age bar.
;;0.0;;chouhan and his ministers eat lunch brought from home on tuesday after the cabinet meeting.
;;0.0;;the cm tweeted that the experience of eating together was unprecedented.
;;0.0;;express chouhan and his ministers eat lunch brought from home on tuesday after the cabinet meeting.
;;0.0;;the cm tweeted that the experience of eating together was unprecedented.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken at a cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.7506;;chouhan directed his ministers to use deendayal upadhyays photograph on their letterheads, advertisements and official correspondence to celebrate the party ideologues birth centenary celebrations.
;;0.0;;chief minister shivrajchouhan on thursday asked collectors to take steps to reduce delays at mandis.
;;-0.2263;;they are demanding a meeting with chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.1531;;chief minister chouhan on tuesday had announced compensation of rs 1 crore and a job to each of the next of kin, and a compensation of rs 5 lakh and free treatment to the injured.
;;-0.2263;;b'the madhya pradesh congress today demanded that the ruling bjp deposit in the state exchequer rs 2 crore spent on decorating the venue of chief minister shivrajchouhan fast here.
;;0.0;;the spokesman said that the fast appeared to be meant for nothing but cheap publicity of chouhan.
;;0.34;;chouhan called off his fast in less than 20 minutes following an assurance by prime minister manmohan singh that the centre will look into the issues raised by the state government.
;;-0.6124;;the cm sat on a fast on february 13 in a makeshift tent here at dussehra maidan to protest the centres alleged neglect of the demands of the state.
;;-0.296;;meanwhile,madhya pradesh bjp president prabhat jha today said that pms phone call to chouhan on sunday indicated that the bjp was able to exert pressure on him.
;;-0.0772;;madhya pradesh farmers protest: madhya pradesh congress party activists along with bharatiya kisan mazdoor sangh during a demonstration against chief minister shivrajchouhan in bhopal after the incident of police firing on farmers in mandsaur on wednesday.
;;-0.0772;;(source: pti photo) madhya pradesh farmers protest: madhya pradesh congress party activists along with bharatiya kisan mazdoor sangh during a demonstration against chief minister shivrajchouhan in bhopal after the incident of police firing on farmers in mandsaur on wednesday.
;;-0.6249;;following the violence in mandsaur and the deaths of the six farmers, chief minister shivrajchouhan ordered a judicial probe.
;;0.85;;when the bill introduced by animal husbandry minister lakhan singh yadav came up for discussion on wednesday, the bjp scaled up its arguments with former chief minister shivrajchouhan alleging that on one hand the government was talking about building cow sheds but on the other hand is bringing an amendment that will allow cow smugglers a free run in transporting cows and to take them to mechanised slaughterhouses.
;;0.0;;chief minister shivrajchouhan , who reviews the scheme daily, made the announcement after fridays meeting with bureaucrats from the agriculture and finance departments, warehousing corporation and agriculture marketing board.
;;-0.4767;;he demanded chief minister shivrajchouhan resignation and also hit out at prime minister narendra modi for keeping mum on the issue.
;;-0.8658;;chief minister shivrajchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers(file photo) chief minister shivrajchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers(file photo)in a move to quell the tension that arose after farmers protest turned violent on tuesday in madhya pradesh, chief minister shivrajchouhan on wednesday said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers.
;;0.128;;(pti photo)as western madhya pradesh reels under violent protest by farmers over loan waiver and better price for their produce, chief minister shivrajchouhan on thursday said the state government was open for a dialogue to iron out the differences and once again appealed them to maintain peace.
;;0.0;;the june 4 meeting between chief minister shivrajchouhan and the rss-affiliated bharatiya kisan sangh (bks) and another farmer body, the kisan sena, was a case in point.
;;-0.0258;;shah submitted his resignation to chief minister shivrajchouhan today,which was then forwarded to governor ram naresh yadav,who accepted it, sources close to chouhan said here today.
;;0.0;;he had allegedly also made a passing reference to sadhna singh,wife of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan,during a speech in jhabua.
;;-0.2263;;the congress had held statewide protests on the issue yesterday,with the state congress president kantilal bhuria and the leader of opposition ajay singh slamming chouhan for his silence on the issue for two-days.
;;0.836;;meanwhile, chief minister shivrajchouhan today began his indefinite fast at the dusshera maidan in bhopal for restoration of peace and promised profitable prices to farmers for their produce.
;;0.6808;;sharing the purported facebook post in which gangwar has liked the article, s k mishra, principal secretary to chief minister shivrajchouhan who holds the general administration department portfolio, said: the government acted when the anti-modi post was brought to its notice.
;;0.25;;scindia, the congress chief whip in lok sabha, was stopped from entering mandsaur along with his supporters at dhodar.
;;-0.2263;;in the wake of protests, chief minister shivrajchouhan had observed an indefinite fast in an attempt to calm down the rising tempers.
;;-0.4767;;he demanded the resignation of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;-0.4019;;naidu dismissed the partys demand for the resignation of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;-0.7845;;he recalled a similar incident in 1998 in betul district where 24 farmers were allegedly killed in police firing ordered by the then chief minister and congress leader digvijay singh.
;;-0.2263;;read: as protests spread to other mp areas, shivrajchouhan offers farm sops.
;;-0.1027;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had said the police have limited powers to probe such matters, but their investigation would continue.
;;-0.1027;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had said the police have limited powers to probe such matters, but their investigation would continue.
;;-0.1027;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had said the police have limited powers to probe such matters, but their investigation would continue.
;;0.4215;;watch what else is making newsthe state cabinet meet chaired by chief minister shivrajchouhan today approved the liquor policy for next financial year.
;;0.128;;b'his campaign coincided with the conclusion of the narmada seva yatra launched by chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.128;;(source: ani/twitter) his campaign coincided with the conclusion of the narmada seva yatra launched by chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.0;;the former minister was camping in bhopal for the last three days and met bjp president nandkumar chouhan.
;;0.128;;his campaign coincided with the conclusion of the narmada seva yatra launched by chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.1531;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan today laid emphasis on active participation at community and government level to combat the challenges of climate change.
;;-0.7845;;pticongresss chief whip in lok sabha jyotiraditya scindia and gujarat-based patidar leader hardik patel were on tuesday stopped from visiting relatives of farmers who died in police firing in madhya pradeshs mandsaur district.
;;0.34;;referring to chief minister shivrajchouhan statement announcing that he was calling off his fast because normalcy had been restored, scindia said if that was the case, why was he being not allowed to go to mandsaur.
;;0.5719;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (file) madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (file)a day after new madhya pradesh congress committee chief kamal nath took a jibe at chief minister shivrajchouhan , indicating that the latter may be a nalayak (unworthy) friend, chouhan used the word in a self-deprecating manner nearly a dozen times at an event on tuesday to talk about pro-poor schemes launched during his tenure.
;;-0.5574;;hum nalayak hai kyunki humne colonies vaidh ki, hum nalayak hai kyunki hum ek rupaye me gehoon de rahein (i am nalayak because i regularised colonies; i am nalayak because my government gives wheat at rs 1 a kilo) chouhan, chief minister of madhya pradesh for more than 12 years, said while launching a campaign to legalise illegal colonies across the state at a function in gwalior.
;;0.836;;responding to a question on his friendship with chouhan during an interaction with the media on monday, kamal nath, a nine-time lok sabha mp from chhindwara, had said, koi mitra layak hotey hai toh koi mitra nalayak hotey hai (some friends are worthy, some are unworthy).
;;0.5719;;after the congress leaders remarks went viral on social media, chouhan chose to respond with a few lines on twitter late monday by playing on word kamal (lotus, the bjps election symbol): only kamal is worthy.
;;0.2732;;the opposition party accused the ruling party of circulating a video that shows the cm in the role of angad (a character in ramayan), and congress leaders take turns to move his foot but come a cropper.
;;0.0;;bjp president amit shah with madhya pradesh cm shivrajchouhan and his wife sandhya singh offer maha aarti during narmada sewa yatra on the banks of river narmada in gwarighat in jabalpur on monday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) bjp president amit shah with madhya pradesh cm shivrajchouhan and his wife sandhya singh offer maha aarti during narmada sewa yatra on the banks of river narmada in gwarighat in jabalpur on monday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)prime minister narendra modi will be attending the concluding ceremony of narmada river conservation awareness programme next month at amarkantak in madhya pradesh, according to chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.0;;chief minister shivrajchouhan ordered a judicial probe into the incident.
;;-0.8689;;after the death of protesters, the bjp was forced to cancel a programme organised to felicitate the cm.
;;-0.5994;;opposition congress in madhya pradesh would hold a rally at nasarullahganj in chief minister shivrajchouhan assembly constitutency to highlight the problems caused by illegal mining in the state.
;;-0.2023;;chief minister shivrajchouhan makes empty announcements whenever farmers take to the streets, he said.
;;-0.4678;;chouhan made several announcements in the past whenever farmers protested, but no action was taken on ground.
;;-0.3818;;to soothe frayed nerves, chief minister shivrajchouhan announced a compensation of rs 1 crore and a job to the next of kin of each dead and rs five lakh and free treatment to the injured.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister shivrajchouhan has appealed to prime minister manmohan singh to discontinue the practice followed by the upsc,wherein marks scored by civil services aspirants in english are taken into consideration before arriving at the final tally.
;;-0.6369;;read: maharashtra farmers strike: supplies from other states keep markets going, prices begin to normalise againchief minister shivrajchouhan announced a compensation of rs 1 crore and a job to the next of kin of each dead and rs five lakh and free treatment to the injured.
;;-0.6808;;calling it a conspiracy, chief minister chouhan accused the opposition congress of instigating farmers.
;;0.3182;;chouhan appealed to farmers to remain calm.
;;0.128;;bks office-bearers announced that since chouhan had assured them of purchasing onions at rs 8 per kg and making half the payment in cash at mandis, they were taking back the agitation.
;;0.0258;;chief minister shivrajchouhan has ordered a judicial enquiry into the matter.
;;-0.7964;;the bharatiya janata party (bjp) was forced to cancel a programme organized to felicitate the cm after the death of protesters.
;;-0.4215;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had on monday said that his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of the agitating farmers.
;;0.0;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (file photo) madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (file photo)another son risethere are signs that another son could be rising in the bjp.
;;0.5927;;kartikey, whose father shivrajchouhan is the madhya pradesh chief minister, is slowly but surely making his presence felt in the state.
;;-0.2211;;chief minister shivrajchouhan talks big about curbing corruption,but is lagging behind in taking firm action and is not serious on the issue, he alleged.
;;0.0;;the meeting of sub-committee under the chairmanship of chief minister shivrajchouhan was held yesterday, he said.
;;0.0;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan was also present at the event.
;;0.2732;;with the aam aadmi party (aap) so far not part of the united opposition taking shape over the forthcoming presidential elections, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury on friday met delhi chief minister and aap chief arvind kejriwal to discuss the issue, as also draw the party into participating in a joint protest on the agrarian crisis.
;;-0.1027;;at a party briefing, spokesperson priyanka chaturvedi and aicc secretary jeetu patwari demanded chief minister shivrajchouhan resignation.
;;-0.7906;;chief minister shivrajchouhan has announced a compensation of rs 1 crore for the kin of the dead and rs 5 lakh to those who were injured.
;;0.0;;a committee, which includes experts from iit-kharagpur and headed by cabinet minister rajendra shukla, has been formed to make suggestions about mining in the narmada river, chief minister shivrajchouhan told reporters in bhopal.
;;0.0772;;the cm accused the opposition party of stooping low in the face of electoral defeats and said, i am not going to take it kindly.
;;0.0;;while the chouhan made his case in a series of tweets, the state transport minister bhupendra singh released the list of 316 constables at a press conference.
;;-0.1779;;digvijaya defends uma in peb scambhopal: aicc general secretary digvijaya singh defended union minster uma bharti, claiming that her name was being dragged in the examination and recruitment scam to save cm shivraj singh chouhan.
;;-0.128;;at their meeting with the cm, dhanvate and team were willing to reverse the strike call.
;;0.4939;;when chief minister shivrajchouhan called the bharatiya kisan sangh (bks) for talks four days after the farmers stir began on june 1, he was confident.
;;-0.1531;;in 2012, when angry farmers engaged in arson and beat up government and police officials in bareli in raisen district, the rss simply sacked then bks chief shivkumar sharma.
;;0.1531;;this time, seated next to the cm at the ujjain circuit house on june 5, bks general secretary shivkant dixit announced that the strike had been called off, and that the state government had agreed to buy onions at rs 8 a kg.
;;-0.7552;;im not sure if his presence will help or aggravate the situation, claims the state chief of the patidar samaj, mahendra patidar, who was among the very few people allowed access to one or two families of the victims of tuesdays firing.
;;0.2263;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan will visit surat in june second week to get an idea about diamond cutting and polishing industries as he is planning to house some firms in his state.
;;0.0;;we had earlier got an intimation from our head office in mumbai that shivrajchouhan will be visiting surat in the last week of may.
;;0.34;;chauhan had met gjepc representatives in an gems and jewellery exhibition organised in mumbai few months ago and had proposed to set up diamond processing units and jewellery manufacturing units in indore.
;;0.5267;;when told that a government official close to chief minister shivrajchouhan had on sunday said that he had quit because of the governments delay in providing him with official car, justice pandey said, please, then, seek other detils from him only.
;;-0.6705;;the meeting was called reportedly on the advice of chief minister shivrajchouhan , amid the uproar over a dalit students suicide in hyderabad.
;;0.0;;thete also drafted a letter for another dalit bureaucrat, shashi karnawat, who forwarded it to the cm on friday.
;;-0.4215;;khers party colleague and mla from indore sudarshan gupta however demanded the chief minister shivrajchouhan a complete ban on liquor in madhya pradesh.
;;-0.765;;surrounded by his angry and grieving relatives, the collector finally sought the sanction of chief minister shivrajchouhan , who began his fast in bhopal on saturday.
;;0.0;;shivraj singh chouhan began his fast in bhopal on saturday.
;;0.0;;shivraj singh chouhan began his fast in bhopal on saturday.
;;0.3612;;more than three months after chief minister shivrajchouhan first made the announcement, the state cabinet on friday cleared a happiness department, scaling it down from a separate ministry but to be still headed by the cm.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newsthe department will have a president, a chief officer, a director (research), a director (coordination) and four research assistant among others.
;;0.0;;chouhan had first floated the idea at a bjp event in bhopal, and later spoken about it at an event organised on the sidelines of the simhastha kumbh near ujjain.
;;0.802;;chouhan hinted that health, income, yoga, positive attitude, sports and cultural activities could be among the parameters against which happiness is assessed in the state.
;;0.7506;;the cm acknowledged that the idea of mapping happiness is not new, and has been tried by several countries, including bhutan and the us, as also by the united nations.
;;-0.4215;;according to state bjp chief nandkumar singh chouhan, these fears are unfounded.
;;-0.0752;;he cited the example of bjp-ruled madhya pradesh, saying under the leadership of chief minister shivrajchouhan , the state has emerged as number 1 in the agriculture sector for last three years consecutively even though it was nowhere among top 10 about a decade back.
;;-0.296;;now no cm writes to me for fertiliser, he said.
;;0.891;;chief minister shivrajchouhan can win around 150 seats on his own and her six per cent of votes will help the party secure an emphatic victory,uma said.
;;0.0;;seeking to cool tempers, chief minister shivrajchouhan , who held a meeting of his krishi cabinet on wednesday, announced more sops for farmers, including a loan settlement scheme for defaulters.
;;0.0;;chouhan gave orders to immediately constitute a rs 1000-crore price stabilisation fund.
;;0.0;;the madhya pradesh patidar samaj had claimed on tuesday that the cremations would not take place until chief minister shivrajchouhan made an appearance.
;;-0.4939;;late on tuesday, chouhan increased the compensation from rs 10 lakh to rs 1 crore and a job to the next of kin of each dead.
;;0.4215;;while chouhan is unlikely to travel to mandsaur till the situation improves, the district administration is reported to have said that congress leader rahul gandhi, who is planning a visit on thursday, would not be allowed to enter the area.
;;-0.8225;;chief minister, shivrajchouhan has announced a compensation of rs 50,000 to the critically injured and rs 25,000 each for those who were injured in the capt building collapse.
;;0.0;;chief minister shivrajchouhan was also present on the occasion.
;;-0.5106;;shos of three police stations and two sub-inspectors were suspended after chief minister shivrajchouhan called a meeting of senior bureaucrats and police officials even as opposition parties took to the streets alleging that law and order in the state capital had worsened, contrary to the ruling partys claim.
;;-0.25;;authorities must take strict and immediate action against perpetrators, tweeted congress chief whip in the lok sabha jyotiraditya scindia.
;;0.3612;;the mayors action came in the wake of demands that places named after asaram be rechristened and a tweet earlier in the day by madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , who promised suitable action.
;;-0.7964;;aatma hatya ke niji kaaran bhi ho sakte hain, paarivaarik vivaad bhi ho sakta hai, anya kaaran bhi ho sakte hain, he told anihis comments came at a time when a debt-ridden farmer in sehore, the home district of chief minister shivrajchouhan , allegedly committed suicide by consuming a poisonous substance.
;;-0.4939;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan and public relations minister narottam mishra also expressed grief over his demise.
;;0.6705;;he said the then chief minister shivrajchouhan made many promises but few were fulfilled.
;;0.4364;;read | madhya pradesh: former congmen, bjp mlas call their cross-voting ghar wapsiadvertisingi contested on a bjp symbol because chouhan made so many promises.
;;-0.5994;;congress spokesperson shobha oza said the current situation is the result of a turf war between former cm chouhan and leader of opposition gopal bhargava.
;;0.0258;;in the case of mp, the chief secretary had the backing of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.1779;;bhopal: madhya pradesh congress party activists along with bharatiya kisan mazdoor sangh during a demonstration against chief minister shivrajchouhan in bhopal after the incident of police firing on farmers in mandsaur on wednesday.
;;0.1779;;(source: pti photo) bhopal: madhya pradesh congress party activists along with bharatiya kisan mazdoor sangh during a demonstration against chief minister shivrajchouhan in bhopal after the incident of police firing on farmers in mandsaur on wednesday.
;;0.0;;he also targeted chief minister shivraj singh chouhan,saying he was using these funds as if they had come from his mamas (maternal uncle) house.
;;-0.6908;;chief minister shivrajchouhan , condoling his death, said it was a personal loss to lose dave, a big brother and close friend.
;;0.0;;dave was eventually made the chief of the bjps election management committee during the state assembly elections in 2003, 2008 and 2013 and lok sabha elections in 2004, 2009 and 2014.
;;0.0;;madhya pradesh cabinet, chaired by chief minister, shivrajchouhan has already allotted 334.
;;-0.3612;;madhya pradesh farmers protest: shivrajchouhan on hunger-strike (pti photo) madhya pradesh farmers protest: shivrajchouhan on hunger-strike (pti photo)chants of jai jawan jai kisan and a portrait of mahatma gandhi in the background were the only things common to the recent 28-hour fast by chief minister shivrajchouhan and the ongoing 72-hour satyagraha by his congress challenger jyotiraditya scindia, both in bhopal.
;;-0.25;;the unrest among farmers, the core constituency in madhya pradesh, has got chouhan, 58, trying to reestablish his kisan purta credentials, and scindia, 46, whom the bjp derides as a maharaja far removed from ground realities, trying to build an image ahead of the 2018 assembly elections.
;;-0.2732;;the congress chief whip in lok sabha cut short his foreign visit and announced a satyagraha in bhopal.
;;-0.4215;;the summer heat is still unbearable but the congress satyagraha venue has no coolers, unlike the ground where the cm held his fast, which had many.
;;0.6124;;chouhan has often visited farms after natural calamities to comfort farmers.
;;0.0;;someone calculated that the cm met one farmers delegation every 38 seconds, wondering what he absorbed in that brief period.
;;-0.5719;;some relatives of the firing victims had come to bhopal from near mandsaur to appeal to the cm to call off his fast.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendra modi with madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , mp governor anandiben patel and union minister narendra singh tomar at mandla in madhya pradesh on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi with madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , mp governor anandiben patel and union minister narendra singh tomar at mandla in madhya pradesh on tuesday.
;;0.3818;;it directed the commissioners of municipal corporations and chief municipal officers of municipalities in the state to ensure that the two ceramic tiles of 450x600 mm size each are installed in each pmay house.
;;0.0;;while modis photo will be on the left side of this logo, chouhans will be on the right.
;;0.6597;;this decision was first announced by chief minister shivrajchouhan during his narmada seva yatra, the five-month campaign to free the river of pollution and create awareness about water conservation.
;;-0.4767;;congress today demanded imposition of presidents rule in madhya pradesh, saying chief minister shivrajchouhan has no right to continue as he is evading from his constitutional duties.
;;-0.7845;;instead of consoling the families of farmers killed in the police firing, chouhan sat on a fast in bhopal, leader of opposition in mp assembly ajay singh told reporters here.
;;-0.6705;;chouhan should have gone to meet his wife and the child and family of other farmers, who were killed.
;;0.0;;cm has been evading constitutional responsibility.
;;0.0;;he said it is reprehensible that the cm is now expecting the aggrieved farmers to come to bhopal and meet him.
;;0.0;;but, cm is performing a nautanki (drama) by sitting on a fast, singh added.
;;-0.4215;;he alleged that chouhan, who himself claimed to be son of a farmer, wants farmers to commit suicide peacefully under the burden of loans.
;;-0.0191;;however, cm did not reach out to them.
;;-0.1154;;cm should be remorseful but after leaving his post, he said.
;;0.0;;congress workers led by its chief spokesperson k k mishra prayed the lord to give sadbudhi (good sense) to cm by performing a yajna in front of partys state headquarters this afternoon.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, police apprehended 48 congress workers including seven women when they were marching towards bhel dussehra maidan where the cm is sitting on a fast.
;;-0.25;;we were marching peacefully to tell farmers problems to the cm but police stopped us at board office square.
;;-0.5994;;police cane charged and arrested us, claimed congress leader yogendra chouhan.
;;-0.6705;;incidentally, when the upa was in power, chief minister shivrajchouhan had accused apeda, which had rejected mps case, of being on the same side as that of pakistan.
;;0.0;;chief minister shivrajchouhan will inaugurate the deendayal rasoi yojana at gwalior this evening.
;;-0.3818;;bjp will not be able to fight the next assembly polls in madhya pradesh under the leadership of chief minister shivrajchouhan , he added.
;;-0.1027;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had said the police have limited powers to probe such matters, but their investigation would continue.
;;-0.128;;another activist, akshay hunka, tagged the chief minister in his tweet and asked to spell out the governments stand on dhingras demand.
;;0.3612;;replying to it, chouhan assured to take appropriate action.
;;-0.6486;;the encounter site at the hillocks of acharpura village (pti photo) the encounter site at the hillocks of acharpura village (pti photo)attributing the elimination of simi activists in an encounter near bhopal to the policy of zero tolerance against terror and terrorism, the state bjp executive on tuesday applauded chief minister shivrajchouhan , home minister bhupendra singh thakur and the police for quick and appropriate action.
;;0.4019;;he was going to bhopal to attend a meeting of party mlas at chief minister shivrajchouhan residence.
;;0.8402;;ptifrom being credited with successfully persuading the rss to replace leather belts with canvas belts to extracting a promise from chief minister shivrajchouhan not to open new liquor shops in madhya pradesh, jain monk tarun sagar is known to have demonstrated his influence long before his address to the haryana lawmakers last week created waves.
;;0.3182;;tarun sagar, who has possibly more followers among hindus than within his minority community, also accepts food from politicians, especially chief ministers and governors, irrespective of their religion.
;;-0.2247;;also read: jain monk, in nude, talks of pakistan, female foeticide, duty of wife in haryana assemblyat a function on june 4, 2010, at guhanchi village, his home, the muni referred to the bjp governments gesture of declaring him a state guest and told cm chouhan, i would feel honoured only if slaughterhouses are denied permission and the sale of liquor is totally stopped in the state.
;;-0.0516;;in 2010, tarun sagar was slated to eat food offered by chouhan at the cm house, with posters announcing he would leave bhopal that very day.
;;-0.836;;however, a cousins death forced chouhan to cancel the event.
;;-0.25;;madhya pradesh farmers protest: chief minister shivrajchouhan said on friday he will sit on a fast.
;;-0.25;;(source: ani/twitter) madhya pradesh farmers protest: chief minister shivrajchouhan said on friday he will sit on a fast.
;;-0.296;;the congress had earlier accused chouhan of meeting only the rss-affiliated bharatiya kisan sangh (bks).
;;0.3818;;while ruling out a loan waiver on saturday, chouhan reiterated his governments resolve to buy tur, urad and moong from farmers at msp from june 10 to june 30, in addition to onions at rs 8 per kg.
;;0.8074;;(file photo)the aam aadmi party would contest the 2018 assembly elections in the bjp-ruled madhya pradesh against the misrule of chief minister shivrajchouhan on the basis of good governance and development model of the delhi government, headed by the arvind kejriwal-led party.
;;0.6808;;the aap would contest next assembly polls in state showcasing the development model and good governance of the aap government in delhi vis--vis the misrule of the shivrajchouhan government in madhya pradesh, the party leader and delhi minister gopal rai said here today.
;;-0.6908;;the party rejected chief minister shivrajchouhan claim that congress was instigating the violence.
;;-0.7876;;but when the farmers were shot dead (in mandsaur district), the cm started dragging congress into the controversy and made allegations, ajay singh said.
;;-0.3182;;if the cm was serious about the agitation, he should have called an all-party meeting, he added.
;;-0.3182;;chouhan and his ministers lack administrative skills, he said.
;;0.128;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had announced that a bill to provide legal framework to the resolution passed on may 3 will be brought in the assembly in the next session.
;;-0.5574;;the congress has alleged that chouhan and his family have benefited from carrying out illegal mining in the river.
;;-0.567;;eggs were banned from midday meals, the only nutritious meals for lakhs of children across the country, after chief minister shivrajchouhan had vowed not to allow eggs in anganwadi and school meals.
;;-0.567;;eggs were banned from midday meals, the only nutritious meals for lakhs of children across the country, after chief minister shivrajchouhan had vowed not to allow eggs in anganwadi and school meals.
;;0.3257;;eggs were banned from midday meals, the only nutritious meals for lakhs of children across the country, after chief minister shivrajchouhan had vowed not to allow eggs in anganwadi and school meals to honour a promise he had earlier made to jain saints.
;;0.3182;;chouhan, a sworn vegetarian, made the promise while addressing the jain community in 2010.
;;0.0;;last year, chouhan had asserted that eggs will not be introduced in midday meals in the bjp-governed state as long i am the cm of madhya pradesh.
;;0.0;;chouhan reiterated that the state government would deposit fee of sc/st students on their selection in the iits, iims, national law colleges, medical institutes or any other educational institute of national repute.
;;0.25;;chief minister said that his government would develop the infrastructure and provide equipment of international level for sports training centres set up for sc/st students after identifying games of their interests.
;;0.7579;;during the programme, chouhan honoured the talented students of sc/st communities.
;;0.0;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan today attributed the bjps victory in bypolls on two seats in the state to prime minister narendra modis development policies.
;;0.8625;;watch: shivrajchouhan congratulates pm modi for bjp wini consider this victory as unprecedented as congress was confident of wresting these two seats from bjp and they tried all tricks in their armoury to achieve their goal, an elated chouhan told reporters at the state bjp headquarters here, where party workers were also present.
;;0.0;;state bjp president nandkumar singh chouhan and public relations minister narottam mishra, among others, were present on the occasion.
;;-0.296;;chouhan, however, made no mention about the anti-black money measure during interaction with the media post-victory.
;;0.5106;;intervening in the matter,chief minister shivrajchouhan said that it was an important issue and the government is ready for the discussion.
;;0.8074;;(express file photo by amit mehra)its not often that you get to question a chief minister on a sensitive topic like reservation in educational institutions and providing facilities like free laptops based on the caste of students.
;;0.1423;;the cm spent some uncomfortable moments when the young questioner turned slightly aggressive repeating mamaji caste, mamaji caste, and wondered why he wont get the laptop despite studying for the same length of time and scoring 80 per cent, three per cent more than his friend.
;;0.0;;the interaction took place when the cm was taking questions from students across the state in a `live phone in programme and also took questions from students present at model school auditorium in bhopal.
;;-0.8316;;the uncomfortable question made the official uneasy and they intervened in a bid to silence the student who appeared to cut short the cm by stressing on caste thrice.
;;-0.1027;;the ed was apprised about these cases following chief minister shivrajchouhan statement in this regard on thursday, when he said the police have limited powers to probe such matters, but their (polices) investigation would continue.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, in an effort to cool tempers, chief minister shivrajchouhan announced more sops for the farmers.
;;0.0;;chouhan gave orders to immediately constitute a rs 1000-crore price stabilisation fund.
;;-0.7579;;rural development minister gopal bhargavas son abhishek, an office-bearer in bjps youth wing, criticised chief minister shivrajchouhan for failing to take a call on imposing prohibition.
;;0.0;;mewade said that she and her husband shivcharan mewada will go on fast until chief minister shivrajchouhan come up to meet her.
;;0.4019;;the byelection had become a prestige issue for the ruling party with chief minister shivrajchouhan addressing a slew of meetings and camping in the constituency till the very end.
;;-0.4767;;congress chief whip in lok sabha jyotiraditya scindia, whose area of influence includes the constituency, too had put in a lot of effort, occasionally cooking and eating with the poor.
;;-0.5994;;in an attempt to target jyotiraditya scindia, the cm went back to the past to say the scindia clan had sided with the british while the local population had stood with rani lakshmibai in the first war of independence.
;;0.0;;on wednesday, former chief minister shivrajchouhan , who has visited flood-affected mandsaur, neemuch, morena, sheopur and bhind districts over several days alleged that the government should have started releasing water from the gandhi sagar dam on the chambal river gradually.
