;;0.3612;;sop for copsindore (pti): madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan has assured policemen in the state that his government will soon implement a scheme to provide assistance to their children for higher education.
;;0.743;;open courtnew delhi: the supreme court has agreed to take up in open court a review petition filed by the union government challenging a judgment that only sitting or retired chief justices of high courts or retired apex court judges could head central and state information commissions.
;;-0.3182;;30: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan has succeeded in dissuading an acclaimed family of craft artists from leaving the country over communal violence.
;;0.8074;;an outfit called the hindu jagran manch had told chouhan to either hand over the bhojshala premises to a festival committee or allow only friday prayers on february 12.
;;0.5719;;in 2006 and in 2013, basant panchami had coincided with friday prayers but on both occasions, chouhan had succeeded in facilitating the prayers of both communities.
;;0.5423;;participating in a programme on abp news, bjp national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya, who hails from indore, said chouhan had spoken to him on the need for maintaining peace and order in dhar during basant panchami.
;;0.7269;;bhopal, june 29: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan plans to announce the creation of a happiness ministry when he expands his cabinet tomorrow.
;;0.7964;;chouhan, keen to become the country's first minister for happiness, will supervise 70 social programmes that include the lok sewa guarantee (for hassle-free services), ladli laxmi (for girl child), kanyadan yojana (for weddings) and teerth darshan (free pilgrimages for senior citizens).
;;-0.431;;according to chouhan, who holds a master's degree in philosophy, happiness does not come into the lives of people merely with materialistic possessions or development but by infusing positivity in their lives so that they don't take extreme steps like suicide in distress.
;;-0.891;;(pti) bhopal, june 9: chief minister shivrajchouhan today invited the leaders of the agitating farmers for talks tomorrow, while arson attacks continued at many places in madhya pradesh and another death was reported from protest hub mandsaur.
;;0.0;;shivraj singh chouhan in bhopal on friday.
;;-0.0772;;(pti) we have been watching this kind of drama for the past 11 years (chouhan became chief minister in late 2005), sharma said, alluding to past farmer protests and what he claims were empty government assurances that followed.
;;0.296;;sharma said: but if chouhan can solve the problem, we'll appreciate it.
;;-0.8555;;chouhan, however, continues to blame anti-social elements for the violence and has threatened strict action against those threatening peace.
;;0.34;;shukla, who was part of uma bharati's security when the sadhvi was chief minister in 2003-04, said she had acted in self-defence.
;;0.4588;;chauhan ralliesgopalganj/chhapra, may 3: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan today appealed to voters to defeat the congress and its allies and vote for bjp for a better and prosperous india under the stewardship of narendra modi.
;;0.6124;;congress communications chief randeep surjewala said: yesterday modi made an indirect comment but joined the queue of bjp leaders and cabinet ministers who have tried to exploit the army's valour for political gain.
;;-0.7096;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan had, while congratulating modi for the strikes on terror launch pads across the line of control, said that the 56-inch chest had now swelled to 100 inches.
;;0.0;;he took the moral high ground today and said: babban chouhan from mughalsarai was asked for rs 2 crore for an assembly ticket.
;;0.0;;chouhan got a joint director in the town and country planning department fined for smoking inside his office, sources said.
