;;0.0;;the remarks came after government agencies searched congress leader p chidambarams premises and properties allegedly linked to rjd chief lalu prasad.
;;-0.7184;;surjewala also asked why prime minister narendra modi did not take action on the rs 20,000 crore loss caused to public exchequer in gujarat state petroleum scam when he himself was the chief minister.
;;-0.8126;;the congress leader wondered whether the vyapam scam in madhya pradesh was corruption and asked why the modi did not take action against chief minister shivrajchouhan whose name allegedly cropped up in the scam.
;;-0.1027;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan on monday made a scathing attack on azam khan, saying he would have to take a bath if he even utters samajwadi party leaders name.
;;-0.5719;;taking a dig at the sp-congress alliance for the ongoing assembly polls in the state, he said that chief minister akhilesh yadav and congress vice president rahul gandhi have joined hands fearing the modi wave in the country and bjps victory in the polls.
;;0.4939;;chouhan praised his government in madhya pradesh and said that up is dominated by goons.
;;-0.1655;;when the pukhrayan train mishap took place in november last year, i had reached the spot to see the injured people but the states chief minister was not there even though he stays in lucknow.
;;-0.802;;chief minister shivrajchouhan has blamed the congress for stoking violence and appealed to farmers to not be incited by anti-social elements.
;;-0.1027;;chouhan and the bjp leadership have blamed the congress of trying to destabilise the administration in a state that the saffron party has ruled for 14 years.
;;-0.2263;;the deaths have come as a major embarrassment for chouhan, who calls himself a farmers son and is banking on the farmers to guarantee him a fourth term in elections slated for next year.
;;-0.7717;;in neighbouring maharashtra, the family of a farmer who killed himself on wednesday evening refused to cremate him unless his loan was waived and chief minister devendra fadnavis visited the family.
;;0.0;;chief minister shivrajchouhan will hold a public meeting in mandsaur on may 30 ahead of congress president rahul gandhis proposed farmers rally in the same city on june 6, state bjp leaders said on monday.
;;0.0;;bjp mandsaur district president devi singh dhakar said, the farmers and the people of the entire state are with the cm and the bjp and that is why they will come for the meet.
;;-0.2023;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan refused to comment on rumours that he would be moving to new delhi, possibly to take charge as the countrys next defence minister.
;;-0.296;;when asked by journalists on the sidelines of a programme he attended tuesday night, chouhan refused to say anything on the same.
;;0.7351;;union finance minister arun jaitley currently holds additional charge of the defence ministrybut senior bjp leader dr hitesh bajpai dismissed the speculation as holi gossip and said the party would again contest the assembly elections in the state under the leadership of chouhan and would win.
;;0.3612;;following the bjps massive victory in uttar pradesh assembly elections and manohar parrikars resignation as defence minister to return to goa as chief minister, political and bureaucratic circles in bhopal are agog with rumours that chouhan might be shifted to the centre as the next defence minister.
;;0.7776;;ahead of the recent assembly election there were rumours that if the bjp won uttar pradesh, prime minister narendra modi would become stronger and he might ask chouhan or chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh to shift to the centre as he would not like them to become stronger in the coming days.
;;0.4019;;chouhan would be completing 12 years in office on november 28, 2017 and would have a fourth term as the cm if he leads the party to victory in the 2018 assembly elections.
;;0.0;;he already is longest serving chief minister in the state since taking charge on november 28, 2005 when the bjp replaced babulal gaur.
;;-0.6167;;according to him, the cm doesnt enjoy a good rapport with modi and bjp chief amit shah unlike his relationship with advani who once thought chouhan was a probable prime minister.
;;-0.0772;;to make matters worse, chouhans bte noire in the party kailash vijayvargiya happens to be a close lieutenant of shah and is the partys national general secretary.
;;0.4019;;party sources say if chouhan has to be shifted to the centre, then this is the time.
;;-0.2732;;for, if he leads the bjp to victory in 2018 which also looks probable now, given the weak opposition in madhya pradesh, it would be difficult for modi-shah duo to shift him to the centre given chouhans further and strong claim on the post.
;;0.296;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , who was on a two-day pilgrimage to the temple town of vrindavan in uttar pradesh, sang devotional songs at a shrine.
;;0.0;;chouhan offered prayers at the priyakant ju temple last evening.
;;0.0;;a journalist rohit contacted me and i then contacted the chief minister shivrajchouhan who is in chennai.
;;0.0;;this is a historic moment, a watershed moment in bjps history: venkaiah naidu says after announcing adityanath as cm.
;;0.296;;50pm: pti alert says yogi adityanath to be the next up cm.
;;0.0;;45pm: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan congratulates yogi adityanath for being named uttar pradeshs cm.
;;-0.0772;;17pm: ani clarifies that no official statement has been released yet naming yogi adityanath as up cm.
;;0.4019;;45pm: uttar pradesh bjp chief keshav prasad maurya  for whom rajasthan governor kalyan singh and union minister uma bharti are reportedly rooting for as up chief minister  is likely to be present at the bjp legislature party meeting in lucknow later in the day.
;;0.5719;;40 am: supporters of keshav prasad maurya and yogi adityanath stage demonstrations demanding that the candidates they support be made the states chief minister.
;;0.128;;as many as 2,907 candidates were in fray for the november 28 assembly polls as chief minister shivrajchouhan of bjp is attempting a fourth term in office, while challenger congress expects to return to power after a 15-year gap.
;;0.8481;;while chouhan has called himself the biggest surveyor in claiming a win for the bjp, senior congress leader kamal nath said his party would get at least 140 seats to oust the saffron party and form a majority government.
;;0.8807;;many congratulations to you for winning gold at the para-badminton world championship, tweeted former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.3612;;co/q1dyjxipkf  shivrajchouhan (@chouhanshivraj) august 28, 2019everyone should learn from you how to overcome the difficulties and achieve success.
