;;-0.4019;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan announced an ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh to each of the kin of the deceased and rs 50,000 for the injured.
;;-0.0258;;expressing grief over the mishap, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan announced a relief of rs 1.
;;0.4019;;a special investigation team (sit) has been constituted to enquire into the petlawad incident, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan told media persons here on monday.
;;0.0772;;there is a broad consensus on reducing number of css and having two types of schemes, panel's convenor madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan said after the meeting of the sub-group here at niti aayog.
;;0.2263;;after seeking all chief ministers consent on the draft, the final recommendations will be submitted to the prime minister, said chouhan.
;;0.0;;chief minister shivrajchouhan announced a compensation of rs 10 lakh to the next of the kin of the deceased.
;;0.2263;;she was the symbol of women's empowerment, chouhan said before leaving for chennai to pay his respects to the departed leader.
;;0.296;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan said despite different ways of worship, human and living beings welfare and unity are the essence of all religions.
;;0.0;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan said the minister has sent her clarification on the issue.
;;-0.3182;;new delhi, july 8 , 2015 (pti) 18:54 istvirtually ruling out his resignation, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan today said his government would urge the supreme court also to order a cbi probe into the vyapam scam.
;;0.4019;;chauhan, who is in the capital for discussions with party leaders, said the matter relating to vyapam scam would be coming up before the supreme court tomorrow.
;;0.0;;we will make the same prayer there too, chauhan said.
;;0.5994;;chouhan said they had full faith in the supreme court and high court and in a democracy the rulers should be servants of the public and be beyond doubt.
;;-0.5994;;congress blasts chouhan, demands separate probesnew delhi: july 8, 2015,dhns: 1:48 istthe congress on wednesday demanded separate probes into the vyapam scam and the 49 deaths connected to it even as embattled madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan said he would approach the supreme court for a cbi probe into the scandal.
;;0.0;;after an aerial survey of the rain-affected districts, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan told reporters that of the 20 deaths that occurred in the state, 11 took place last week while the rest occurred in the past two days, including four in bhopal, two each in chhindwara and hoshangabad and one in sagar district.
;;-0.4215;;chouhan said efforts were being made on a war footing to tackle the situation caused by the heavy rains and nothing would be spared to help the affected people.
;;0.4404;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan said jayalalithaa's efforts for the betterment of her state's women made her 'amma' (mother) in the truest sense.
;;0.1531;;honouring public sentiments, i will request the high court for a cbi probe, chouhan said, adding the functioning of the government should be beyond any doubt.
;;0.0;;shivraj singh chauhan has also said so, bjp spokesperson sambit patra said.
;;0.128;;noting that the developments in the case demanded fair answers, chouhan said,i thought about the matter the whole night.
;;0.128;;as long as narendra modi is prime minister and i am chief minister, no one ('koi mai ka laal') can end reservation, chouhan recently said while addressing meetings at bori and baledi villages while campaigning for the party candidates in the bypolls.
;;-0.2263;;chouhan said the congress has distorted the statement of rss chief over reservation and is playing politics over it.
;;-0.7351;;under relentless congress attack for the large number of deaths of people allegedly linked with the scam in the state's professional recruitment examination and the delay in agreeing to a cbi probe, chouhan said he wanted the examination system to be fixed.
;;-0.5719;;chouhan said had he so wished, there would have not been a probe into the scam.
;;-0.6249;;chouhan said his heart was burdened with the deaths of people allegedly linked with the scam and the truth behind it must come out.
;;-0.7717;;bowing to public outcry, chouhan said he will request the high court to order a cbi probe into the vyapam case, including the large number of deaths of people allegedly linked to the scam.
;;0.0;;and sisodia must not spare him (kejriwal) if he (chief minister) himself indulged in corruption, the aap chief said.
;;-0.9042;;not right to link every death with vyapam, says chouhanbhopal, july 6, 2015, (ians) 15:00 istit is not at all right to link every death with vyapam, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan said on monday, the day a female trainee police sub-inspector committed suicide.
;;-0.9061;;chouhan said every death is sad, but it is not fair to link every death with vyapam.
;;-0.9001;;chouhan said anamika's death was not linked to the raging vyapam scam.
;;0.0258;;backed by the central leadership, chauhan said that he was open for any probe suggested by the courts.
;;-0.3089;;lauding them for their efforts made without any government support, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan today said they have set an example for others to follow.
;;0.765;;heartening to note our four talented youth have turned three remote villages of rajgarh dist (district) into first free wi-fi hamlets in india, chouhan said in series of tweets after coming to know about the initiative.
;;0.0;;the plan panel deputy chief said.
;;0.3818;;also present on the occasion, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan said, we (the state) had set the target of 7 per cent growth rate in 11th plan (2007-12).
;;-0.7096;;chouhan said his government has no objection if the high court gets the probe into the vyapam recruitment scam done by any other agency including cbi.
;;0.0;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan announced an ex-gratia aid of rs 1.
;;0.1531;;speaking in madhya pradesh assembly, chief minister shivrajchouhan said that those who orchestrated the blast arrived from lucknow and planted the bomb in the passenger train as part of a pre-planned conspiracy.
;;-0.5267;;it was a pre-planned conspiracy, chouhan said in the assembly during the ongoing budget session.
;;-0.875;;earlier, speaking to mediapersons at barwah town in khargone district late last night, chouhan said, police detained three terrorists who planted bomb in bhopal-ujjain passenger train.
;;0.0;;chouhan said today in the state assembly that mp police and central agencies had unmasked the people behind the train blast in just five hours.
;;-0.1406;;referring to the jail break by simi activists and the subsequent encounter in which eight men of the banned outfit were killed last year, the cm said, attempts have been made to disturb peace but it has been nipped in the bud by the alert state police.
