;;-0.5859;;bhopal: farmers' protest continued unabated in many parts of western madhya pradesh today even as chief minister shivrajchouhan said his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of agitating farmers.
;;0.0;;all necessary steps have been initiated to address farmers' concerns, chouhan said at a hurriedly-convened press conference here.
;;0.128;;bhopal: as western madhya pradesh reels under violent protest by farmers over loan waiver and better price for their produce, chief minister shivrajchouhan today said the state government was open for a dialogue to iron out the differences and once again appealed them to maintain peace.
;;-0.4019;;chouhan said some anti-social elements wanted to push the state into deep trouble.
;;0.0;;such people will be dealt strictly, the cm said in the statement.
;;0.296;;i appeal to the farmers to join hands to work for the state's development, chouhan said.
;;0.0;;i am quitting the red beacon today onwards and other ministers will also quit the same, chief minister shivrajchouhan said.
;;-0.8316;;bhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan today said an nia probe will be conducted into the prison break here to trace the possible international links of the eight simi activists killed in a police encounter hours after they escaped from central jail.
;;-0.1779;;taking the entire incident seriously, we have taken a decision for a probe by former dgp nandan dubey into it, chouhan told reporters here.
;;-0.3716;;besides, i had a talk with union home minister rajnath singh because these terrorists have links not only in the state but in india and the world, chouhan said.
;;-0.5106;;furthermore mp prison additional director general (adg) has been attached to the police headquarters, chouhan said.
;;0.0;;when he was asked how long did the encounter last between simi and police, chouhan said the officials on the spot will come forth with the details later.
;;0.0;;alcohol prohibition will be implemented in the entire state by closing all liquor shops in a phased manner, chouhan said while addressing a programme at village neemkhera (heerapur) of narsinghpur district yesterday.
;;0.0;;after chouhan announced sops for farmers, the two organisations declared that they would withdraw the stir.
;;0.0;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had said late last night that all issues can be sorted out through talks.
;;0.25;;chouhan, who began the fast yesterday to calm frayed tempers of the farmers demanding a loan waiver and remunerative prices for their produce, announced a slew of schemes for their benefit but issued a stern warning to those who engaged in incendiary activities.
;;-0.1027;;peace has been restored in mp and no case of violence has been reported yesterday and today, chouhan said before ending his fast.
;;0.296;;before ending his 28-hour fast, chouhan announced a slew of measures for the benefit of farmers and declared purchase of any farm produce below the minimum support price (msp) will be treated as crime.
;;-0.5267;;any purchase of farm produce below the msp declared by the centre would be considered a criminal act in mp, chouhan told a gathering at bhel's dussehra maidan here, the venue of his fast.
;;0.0;;we expect it to be 25  this year, said chouhan.
;;0.5423;;chief minister shivrajchouhan said the state government was open for a dialogue to iron out the differences and once again appealed them to maintain peace.
;;-0.7717;;accusing kamal nath-government of hurting people's sentiments, chouhan said that the congress government, instead of completing the temple project, was verifying the fact whether mata sita was abducted or not.
;;-0.2732;;a judicial probe has been ordered to ascertain how the farmers died, said chouhan, who also promised government jobs to the dependents of the deceased.
;;-0.9246;;the wailing wife of head-constable ramashankar, who was killed by simi terrorists during their escape from central jail, in bhopal on monday | ptibhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan on tuesday announced rs 10 lakh for the family of the policeman allegedly killed by simi activists who escaped from the bhopal central jail.
;;-0.7003;;after attending the funeral of ramashankar yadav, who was posted in the prison, chouhan also said that rs 5 lakh would be given for his daughter's marriage.
;;-0.8176;;reacting to allegations that the alleged shootout of monday which killed the eight simi activists may be fake, chouhan said the matter should not be politicised.
;;-0.3612;;one must refrain from such things, chouhan told the media on the sidelines of yadav's funeral.
;;0.0;;chouhan said if need be the government would spend more on the wedding of yadav's daughter that was scheduled to be held on december 9.
;;-0.8225;;chouhan yesterday announced an ex gratia of rs. 2 lakh each to the next of kin of those killed in uttarkashi bus accident.
;;0.4404;;chouhan, who was in the city along with his industry minister rajendra shukla, told reporters that they have surplus power, better roads and other facilities.
;;-0.4404;;chouhan said previously, madhya pradesh was notorious for dacoity.
;;0.0;;after chouhan announced sops for farmers, the two organisations declared that they would withdraw the stir.
;;0.0;;kamal nath was sworn in as chief minister but someone else is running the government from behind, bjp leader chouhan had said.
;;-0.4767;;bhopal: launching a scathing attack on the opposition over the bhopal encounter, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan on tuesday said some leaders are indulging in vote bank politics which is highly condemnable.
;;-0.4767;;chouhan told the media after meeting the family members of security guard ramashankar yadav, who was killed in bhopal jailbreak on monday.
