;;-0.8442;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (source: ani/twitter) madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (source: ani/twitter)madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan on thursday announced that a legislation to award death penalty to persons who rape minor girls will be tabled in the monsoon session of madhya pradesh assembly.
;;0.0;;after being passed by the assembly the legislation will be sent to the president of india for assent, chouhan said while addressing a joint convocation of m p police academy.
;;0.3089;;while commenting on womens reservation in police department, chouhan said women were not inferior to anyone and therefore a third of the posts in the police department were reserved for women in the state.
;;0.0;;a subsidy of rs 26,000 on five horse power pumps is being provided to farmers and additional irrigation facility will be provided on 13 lakh hectare area in the state, chouhan said yesterday laying the foundation of lift irrigation scheme to be constructed at a cost of rs 350 crore at village bistan of khargone district.
;;0.0;;chouhan further said that irrigation facility has been provided on 5.
;;0.0;;we have proof that the explosion was carried out by isis-inspired operatives, chouhan had said.
;;0.0;;we have proof that the explosion was carried out by isis-inspired operatives, chouhan had said.
;;0.0;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had on wednesday said: we have proof that the explosion was carried out by isis-inspired operatives.
;;0.0;;chouhan, late last night, announced compensation of rs 1 crore each for the families of the slain farmers.
;;0.0;;modis chest is not 56 inches but 100 inches now, chouhan said at an event in bhopal during the day.
;;0.0;;the event was originally scheduled to be held in jabalpur but the venue was shifted to mandla at modis suggestion, as he wanted to be among the tribal people, mp chief minister shivrajchouhan said.
;;0.0;;chouhan said citizens should get the services on time.
;;-0.8225;;chouhan on tuesday announced an ex gratia of rs 2 lakh each to the next of kin of those killed in uttarkashi bus accident.
;;0.2732;;chouhan said the delegation accompanying him held talks with representatives of 25 companies who expressed willingness to invest in mp and other states in the country.
;;0.0;;chouhan said madhya pradesh was fast emerging as a preferred destination for investors.
;;-0.1779;;making a slew of announcements before hundreds of farmers, chouhan said a high-level probe will be ordered to establish those behind the violence in mandsaur because they were definitely not farmers but shaitan (devils) and haivan (beasts) who tried to defame madhya pradesh and they will not be spared.
;;0.0;;their gesture moved me so much that i could not sleep, chouhan said.
;;0.6908;;among the measures announced for farmers are:* kisan bazars will be set up in every nagar palika and nagar panchayat to allow farmers to sell their produce directly to customers  this, chouhan said, will make brokers redundant and allow farmers to get a better price for their produce.
;;0.4019;;asked for a comment, chief minister shivrajchouhan said the state party chief has already said what had to be said.
;;0.3612;;chief minister shivrajchouhan announced a compensation of rs five lakh and assured a job to a member of the guards family.
;;0.891;;there are large number of youths in the state and to ensure their welfare bjp has announced a number of measures for them specially smart phones for all government college students,providing benefits of self-employment schemes to five lakh youths and laptop for meritorious students, chouhan said on the occasion.
;;0.6486;;chouhan said that popular schemes like ladli laxmi yojna,mukhyamantri kanyadan yojna and mukhyamantri teerth darshan yojna among others will continue as before.
;;0.5859;;at the cabinet meeting, chouhan also asked his ministers to make a two-year roadmap for their respective departments by keeping in mind the governments vision documents and budgetary allocations.
;;0.0;;chief minister shivrajchouhan on thursday asked collectors to take steps to reduce delays at mandis.
;;0.1531;;chief minister chouhan on tuesday had announced compensation of rs 1 crore and a job to each of the next of kin, and a compensation of rs 5 lakh and free treatment to the injured.
;;-0.8625;;meanwhile, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan announced a compensation of rs. 1 crore to the kin of those killed in the violence.
;;-0.8658;;chief minister shivrajchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers(file photo) chief minister shivrajchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers(file photo)in a move to quell the tension that arose after farmers protest turned violent on tuesday in madhya pradesh, chief minister shivrajchouhan on wednesday said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers.
;;0.0;;we (state government) are going to start buying tur and urad pulses from farmers at msp from june 10, said shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) we (state government) are going to start buying tur and urad pulses from farmers at msp from june 10, said shivraj singh chouhan.
;;-0.4019;;chouhan said some anti-social elements wanted to push the state into deep trouble.
;;0.0;;such people will be dealt strictly, the cm said in the statement.
;;0.296;;i appeal to the farmers to join hands to work for the states development, chouhan said.
;;0.0;;after chouhan announced sops for farmers, the two organisations declared that they would withdraw the stir.
;;-0.1027;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had said the police have limited powers to probe such matters, but their investigation would continue.
;;-0.1027;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had said the police have limited powers to probe such matters, but their investigation would continue.
;;-0.1027;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had said the police have limited powers to probe such matters, but their investigation would continue.
;;0.0;;so, we are informing the ed about these cases, chouhan had told reporters last week here.
;;0.4019;;addressing a programme in bhikampura village in thanagaji, chauhan said that environment protection is immensely needed today and efforts at the community level accompanied by the government help are required to address the issue.
;;0.0;;chauhan said that a massive plantation campaign will take place on the banks of narmada river in july and invited people to participate in large numbers from rajasthan also.
;;0.0;;namami devi narmade  sewa yatra, would conclude on may 15 at amarkantak from where it originates, in the presence of the prime minister, chouhan said during a public gathering at gwari ghat near jabalpur on monday.
;;0.0;;chouhan also said that the awareness campaign would be started again from july 2 wherein saplings would be planted on the banks of narmada, flowing across various districts of the state.
;;0.0772;;on monday, the cm had claimed that farmers were satisfied with the measures he had taken over the last two days to address their grievances.
;;-0.4019;;cm chouhan announced rs 10 lakh compensation to the families of the deceased and rs 1 lakh for those who are critically injured.
;;-0.296;;so she must have said it in a fit of anger, the state congress chief said.
;;-0.3818;;to soothe frayed nerves, chief minister shivrajchouhan announced a compensation of rs 1 crore and a job to the next of kin of each dead and rs five lakh and free treatment to the injured.
;;0.4767;;chouhan said a number of youths belonging to these sections have made it to the ias,the ips,the ifs and other allied services due to their extraordinary talent.
;;0.0;;higher-level english medium schools could not be established in rural and urban areas due to administrative weakness,chouhan said.
;;-0.6935;;chouhan said it was wrong to assume that 100 marks,earmarked for english,out of total of 2075 marks,do not play significant role in civil services exam.
;;-0.4215;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had on monday said that his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of the agitating farmers.
;;-0.7906;;chief minister shivrajchouhan has announced a compensation of rs 1 crore for the kin of the dead and rs 5 lakh to those who were injured.
;;0.0;;a committee, which includes experts from iit-kharagpur and headed by cabinet minister rajendra shukla, has been formed to make suggestions about mining in the narmada river, chief minister shivrajchouhan told reporters in bhopal.
;;-0.4767;;chouhan said the committee would make recommendations, after conducting a scientific study, to prevent any ecological damage to the river.
;;-0.2732;;refuting the charges, chouhan said not one of the 316 constables recruited in 2012 was from gondia, or even maharashtra.
;;0.0772;;chouhan, however, said the call details report (cdr) issued by the congress leader did not have a single telephone number of cm house.
;;0.6705;;b'chouhan said material progress alone was not sufficient to make people happy.
;;0.6705;;(source: file photo) chouhan said material progress alone was not sufficient to make people happy.
;;0.0;;yoga and meditation are also necessary, chouhan said, announcing the cabinet decision on friday.
;;0.25;;nobody is above the law, chouhan said and promised appropriate action on an activists demand that two places in bhopal be renamed.
;;-0.8126;;the suicide comes days after cm chouhan announced a slew of measures to end farmer woes in the state, which is currently embroiled in an agrarian unrest over loan waiver and other demands.
;;-0.6908;;chief minister shivrajchouhan , condoling his death, said it was a personal loss to lose dave, a big brother and close friend.
;;-0.1027;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had said the police have limited powers to probe such matters, but their investigation would continue.
;;0.0;;so, we are informing the ed about these cases, chouhan had told reporters last week in bhopal.
;;0.0;;nobody is above the law, shivrajchouhan said.
;;0.0;;(file) nobody is above the law, shivrajchouhan said.
;;-0.7579;;(file)following the conviction of asaram bapu in a rape case, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan said on wednesday that the places named after the controversial godman would be rechristened.
;;0.25;;nobody is above the law, chouhan said and promised appropriate action on an activists demand that two places in bhopal named after 77-year-old asaram be renamed.
;;0.0323;;soon, we will take appropriate action on this matter too, chouhan said.
;;0.0;;chouhan then announced that he would not let any new liquor shop come up in mp but kept mum on the suggestion on slaughterhouses.
;;-0.25;;madhya pradesh farmers protest: chief minister shivrajchouhan said on friday he will sit on a fast.
;;-0.25;;(source: ani/twitter) madhya pradesh farmers protest: chief minister shivrajchouhan said on friday he will sit on a fast.
;;-0.4404;;(source: ani/twitter)as the farmers protests spread closer to bhopal on friday, three days after five were killed in police firing in mandsaur, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan announced that he would begin an indefinite fast on saturday, until peace is restored in the state.
;;-0.2023;;the agitation has become lawless in certain parts and protesters will be dealt with strictly, said chouhan.
;;0.0516;;some people are handing over stones to 18-year-olds and 20-year-olds there will be no compromise on security, said chouhan.
;;0.128;;chief minister shivrajchouhan had announced that a bill to provide legal framework to the resolution passed on may 3 will be brought in the assembly in the next session.
;;0.6808;;amid recent controversy over caste-based reservation, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan has announced a number of sops for the students of sc/st communities including setting up of special coaching centres to ensure their admission in national institutes.
;;0.6808;;(source: express photo) amid recent controversy over caste-based reservation, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan has announced a number of sops for the students of sc/st communities including setting up of special coaching centres to ensure their admission in national institutes.
;;0.6808;;(source: express photo)amid recent controversy over caste-based reservation, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan has announced a number of sops for the students of sc/st communities including setting up of special coaching centres to ensure their admission in national institutes.
;;0.5106;;these centres will provide free of cost coaching to such students, chouhan announced here on monday.
;;0.3182;;while informing about the state governments decision, chouhan said sc/st students securing more than 75 per cent marks in class twelfth are being given a laptop.
;;0.8625;;watch: shivrajchouhan congratulates pm modi for bjp wini consider this victory as unprecedented as congress was confident of wresting these two seats from bjp and they tried all tricks in their armoury to achieve their goal, an elated chouhan told reporters at the state bjp headquarters here, where party workers were also present.
;;0.8555;;i dedicate this victory to the party workers, the people of nepanagar and shahdol and to modiji, chouhan said in the presence of jubilant party workers.
;;-0.0767;;chouhan said since former madhya pradesh governor ram naresh yadav today passed away in lucknow, the party has decided not to celebrate the by-poll victory in traditional manner.
;;0.5106;;intervening in the matter,chief minister shivrajchouhan said that it was an important issue and the government is ready for the discussion.
;;0.0;;be large-hearted, the cm told the young student elaborating on other schemes not based on caste, he added.
;;0.0;;so, we are informing the ed about these cases, chouhan told reporters when asked in this regard after the vidyarthi panchayat at his residence.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, in an effort to cool tempers, chief minister shivrajchouhan announced more sops for the farmers.
