the congress said on tuesday its leaders or that of the opposition would not be cowed down by the politics of revenge and vendetta, which had become the dna of this bjp government.
the party accused the bjp of being blinded by revenge to target its opponents and said that it would continue to expose the saffron party before the people.
the remarks came after government agencies searched congress leader p chidambarams premises and properties allegedly linked to rjd chief lalu prasad.
the aicc in-charge of communications, randeep surjewala said: the truth is that revenge has become the dna of the bjp government.
we want to reiterate that neither p chidambaram, nor any congress leader or any other leader of opposition, would be deterred or cowed down from fear of the politics of revenge and vendetta, he said.
surjewala, instead, accused the bjp and its leaders of being corrupt as he highlighted the alleged scams involving top party leaders holding ministerial positions in this government.
may we ask the prime minister, that if the yardstick is morality, why is he shying away from ordering an inquiry into the sahara-birla excel sheets in which he himself has been named repeatedly about having taken bribes, he alleged.
surjewala also asked why prime minister narendra modi did not take action on the rs 20,000 crore loss caused to public exchequer in gujarat state petroleum scam when he himself was the chief minister.
the congress leader wondered whether the vyapam scam in madhya pradesh was corruption and asked why the modi did not take action against chief minister shivrajchouhan whose name allegedly cropped up in the scam.
he claimed that rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushma swaraj allegedly helped people like lalit modi who escaped from the country and were wanted by investigative agencies for alleged money laundering.
surjewala asked who were the people who helped fugitives like vijay mallya escape the country.
he said the congress leaders would continue to tell the country how one autocratic ruler cannot suppress the voice of dissent and those who disagree with them.
surjewala claimed that the truth was out there for everybody to judge and the government, blinded by revenge, was registering false cases against opposition leaders.
chidambaram earlier said: the government, using the cbi and other agencies, is targeting my son and his friends.
the governments aim is to silence my voice and stop me from writing, as it has tried to do in the cases of leaders of opposition parties, journalists, columnists, ngos and civil society organisations.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan on monday made a scathing attack on azam khan, saying he would have to take a bath if he even utters samajwadi party leaders name.
i have to take a bath if i take azam khans name.
the uttar pradesh government works and discriminates on communal basis.
to create their vote bank, the government plays the politics of appeasement and that is why the law and order situation is poor in the state.
taking a dig at the sp-congress alliance for the ongoing assembly polls in the state, he said that chief minister akhilesh yadav and congress vice president rahul gandhi have joined hands fearing the modi wave in the country and bjps victory in the polls.
chouhan praised his government in madhya pradesh and said that up is dominated by goons.
when the pukhrayan train mishap took place in november last year, i had reached the spot to see the injured people but the states chief minister was not there even though he stays in lucknow.
bjps government will be formed in up and develop the state like the ones where the party is in power, he said.
kanpur does not have an airport even though it is such a big industrial city and the revolutionaries, whereas saifai being a town has its own airport, he added.
saifai is akhilesh yadavs ancestral village.
referring to the alleged encounter of simi terrorists after they fled from a bhopal jail, he said, if the government is strict the criminals get battered.
similarly criminals and sp goons will either be in jail of thrown out of uttar pradesh if bjp forms the government.
a political storm over violent farmer protests in madhya pradesh intensified on thursday as congress vice president rahul gandhi was arrested and held for hours before finally meeting families of five farmers who died in police firing two days ago.
gandhi, who met the families at doria on the madhya pradesh-rajasthan border, is believed to have discussed prices of vegetables and produce.
i am being stopped everywhere from up to mp.
i just wanted to meet the family of the deceased.
dont i have the right?
the mp government has created problems for everyone, said gandhi in doria.
police stopped gandhi and a slew of top congress leaders outside mandsaur that has been scorched by angry agitations with several vehicles burnt and buildings torched.
the farmers are pressing for a loan waiver, better crop prices and better support for farmers reeling under successive droughts and a supply glut that has sent prices crashing.
modi cannot waive loans of farmers, cannot give them bonuseshe can only give them bullets, gandhi said minutes after his arrest.
what law of the land says that it is illegal to stand in solidarity with farmers who were killed simply for demanding what is their right?
chief minister shivrajchouhan has blamed the congress for stoking violence and appealed to farmers to not be incited by anti-social elements.
deliberations can only solve problems, he said.
the morning kicked off with high drama as gandhi abandoned his car halfway to mandsaur from udaipur airport and rode pillion on a motorcycle before walking to the rajasthan-madhya pradesh border on foot.
he then jumped over barricades to enter mandsaur but was pushed back across the border almost immediately by a huge posse of security personnel.
farm protests have spread like wildfire across indias food bowl states in recent weeks with a slew of suicides in neighbouring maharashtra and simmering discontent in rajasthan.
the farmers complain of a lack of storage facilities that forces them to either abandon produce or sell them at below-par prices  a result of chronic underinvestment in indias agriculture sector.
violence flared up in mandsaur on tuesday after five protesters were killed in police firing with farmers blocking highways, torching factories and attacking government officials.
the state government has struggled to contain the demonstrations and even transferred senior officials from violence-hit districts  including the district magistrate and superintendent of police in mandsaur -- in a bid to tighten law and order.
the central government has rushed in 11,000 rapid action force troops and detained 62 people.
chouhan and the bjp leadership have blamed the congress of trying to destabilise the administration in a state that the saffron party has ruled for 14 years.
he (gandhi) behaved like a college student.
he was riding a bike without wearing a helmet.
he was smiling and did not look concerned over farmers problems, said state home minister bhupendra singh.
more than 10 million people in madhya pradesh are dependent on agriculture but the state has clocked one of indias highest rates of farmer suicides in the past few years.
the deaths have come as a major embarrassment for chouhan, who calls himself a farmers son and is banking on the farmers to guarantee him a fourth term in elections slated for next year.
the state government has attempted to open dialogue with the farmers and even announced a rs 6,000 crore scheme to waive interests on loans, but without much success.
the protests have singed atleast six districts in madhya pradesh with fresh clashes reported from shajapur on thursday.
thousands of protesting farmers blocked the highway and set trucks and motorcycle ablaze.
stone pelting was also reported.
in neighbouring maharashtra, the family of a farmer who killed himself on wednesday evening refused to cremate him unless his loan was waived and chief minister devendra fadnavis visited the family.
this was the fourth farm suicide in two days.
chief minister shivrajchouhan will hold a public meeting in mandsaur on may 30 ahead of congress president rahul gandhis proposed farmers rally in the same city on june 6, state bjp leaders said on monday.
while gandhis rally is being pitched as a tribute to the six farmers who died in police firing and lathi charge during the farmers agitation on june 6, 2017, it will also mark the launch of the congress partys election campaign in the state, slated for later this year.
all bjp mlas and leaders of the region have been given targets for bringing people to the convention venue so that it is an impressive show and we will try to make it much bigger than rahul gandhis meeting on june 6, said a bjp legislator from the region.
the main aim is to project that farmers and the poor are still with the party and the anger of the farmers, especially patidars who dominate the area, has subsided, the same leader said.
senior congress leader from and former minister narendra nahata said, it will be a show of strength for the bjp.
.
.
the administration is playing with the psychology of the farmers, but all this wont help because the voters want change.
bjp mandsaur district president devi singh dhakar said, the farmers and the people of the entire state are with the cm and the bjp and that is why they will come for the meet.
.
.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan refused to comment on rumours that he would be moving to new delhi, possibly to take charge as the countrys next defence minister.
when asked by journalists on the sidelines of a programme he attended tuesday night, chouhan refused to say anything on the same.
union finance minister arun jaitley currently holds additional charge of the defence ministrybut senior bjp leader dr hitesh bajpai dismissed the speculation as holi gossip and said the party would again contest the assembly elections in the state under the leadership of chouhan and would win.
following the bjps massive victory in uttar pradesh assembly elections and manohar parrikars resignation as defence minister to return to goa as chief minister, political and bureaucratic circles in bhopal are agog with rumours that chouhan might be shifted to the centre as the next defence minister.
some news portals fanned the speculations claiming chouhans imminent move to delhi while attributing the news to sources.
this is not the first time such speculation is making the rounds.
ahead of the recent assembly election there were rumours that if the bjp won uttar pradesh, prime minister narendra modi would become stronger and he might ask chouhan or chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh to shift to the centre as he would not like them to become stronger in the coming days.
chouhan would be completing 12 years in office on november 28, 2017 and would have a fourth term as the cm if he leads the party to victory in the 2018 assembly elections.
he already is longest serving chief minister in the state since taking charge on november 28, 2005 when the bjp replaced babulal gaur.
he has survived several challenges so far including corruption charges against him and his relations relating to dumper scandal, vyapam scam, illegal mining etc.
however, post-2014 lok sabha polls which saw party veteran lk advani sidelined and emergence of modi-amit shah as the new power centre in the party, chouhan doesnt find the sailing smooth, said a party leader willing not to be quoted.
according to him, the cm doesnt enjoy a good rapport with modi and bjp chief amit shah unlike his relationship with advani who once thought chouhan was a probable prime minister.
to make matters worse, chouhans bte noire in the party kailash vijayvargiya happens to be a close lieutenant of shah and is the partys national general secretary.
party sources say if chouhan has to be shifted to the centre, then this is the time.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , who was on a two-day pilgrimage to the temple town of vrindavan in uttar pradesh, sang devotional songs at a shrine.
chouhan offered prayers at the priyakant ju temple last evening.
he also inaugurated a gallery portraying various activities of lord krishna as a child.
founder of the temple devkinandan thakur said, after listening to a few devotional songs, the chief minister took the mike from me, and to my astonishment, started singing bhajans.
singh was overwhelmed by the ambience of the temple, thakur said.
the chief minister did not interact with reporters during his stay here.
i am on pilgrimage, he told reporters.
bhopal: a baby born five days back in bhopal was operated upon at aiims, delhi for a heart ailment on saturday after he was airlifted from here for the immediate surgery.
he is in a sick newborn care unit (sncu) and critical.
doctors say they will keep him under observation for at least 3 days.
i need prayers of people to the god, said dev sharma, father of the baby boy talking to the hindustan times on phone.
sharma said he would like to convey his thanks to the union minister for external affairs sushma swaraj and chief minister madhya pradesh shivrajchouhan for their help.
otherwise, he said, the operation couldnt have been possible.
the entire government machinery is helping us, he added.
the baby was airlifted from bhopal to delhi on friday for the heart surgery after his father sought the help of union ministers sushma swaraj and jp nadda and also the chief minister besides the prime minister and the pmo among others on twitter.
dev sharma posted his plea for help on january 25, saying, 2 day born baby boy need immediate heart surgery but whole bhopal do not have 1 doctor to do this plz help (sic).
swaraj, known to respond on the micro-blogging site, contacted the family, and later posted on twitter saying the surgery was arranged for at aiims delhi.
we contacted the family and got the medical reports through my bhopal office.
dr balram airan head cardiac surgery aiims advises an early surgery.
we can organise the babys surgery in aiims delhi.
the family has to decide, she posted on her twitter page the next day.
meanwhile, sharmas message, which was shared on social media, led to a journalist contacting bhopals mayor alok sharma.
a journalist rohit contacted me and i then contacted the chief minister shivrajchouhan who is in chennai.
i had a talk with him and requested for an air ambulance to airlift the baby to delhi.
he immediately instructed the authorities concerned.
an air ambulance came in the evening and the baby was airlifted to delhi where he was admitted to aiims.
sushma ji took care of arrangements at aiims, the mayor told hindustan times on friday.
yogi adityanath, bjps lok sabha mp from gorakhpur, was named uttar pradeshs new chief minister on saturday evening following a meeting of bjps legislators in lucknow.
the swearing-in ceremony will take place tomorrow, union minister venkaiah naidu announced, with prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah in attendance.
the announcement to name the chief minister of indias largest state comes exactly a week after the bjp crushed its opponents in a landslide victory.
state party chief keshav prasad maurya, considered a front runner for the post, has been named deputy chief minister along with dinesh sharma, the partys national vice-president and lucknows mayor.
all arrangements have been made for grand swearing-in ceremony on sunday at a sprawling complex on the outskirts of lucknow.
the event is expected to be attended by a clutch of senior ministers as well as the chief ministers of andhra pradesh, nagaland and jammu and kashmir.
here are the highlights of the day:9pm: uttar pradesh chief minister-elect yogi adityanath on saturday said that he would follow prime minister narendra modis sabka saath, sabka vikas slogan and exuded confidence that the state would march on the path of development.
8.
10pm: yogi adityanath means development is now subordinated to majoritarianism of shamshan over kabristan.
harbinger to greater polarisation in 2019: congress spokesperson manish tewari on adityanaths appointment.
7.
39pm: chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh congratulates yogi adityanath on becoming ups cm-designate7.
21pm: the up message is very clear - they want to move with modi.
this is a historic moment, a watershed moment in bjps history: venkaiah naidu says after announcing adityanath as cm.
7.
17pm: venkaiah naidu says pm narendra modi and bjp national president amit shah will attend the swearing-in ceremony.
7.
15pm: naidu says swearing-in ceremony will take place tomorrow at 2:15pm.
7.
13pm: union minister venkaiah naidu addresses media with yogi adityanath at his side.
#watch yogi adityanath chosen as uttar pradesh bjp legislature party leader pic.
twitter.com/opnuon4btg  ani (@ani_news) march 18, 20177.
01pm: senior bjp leader and union minister kalraj mishra announces yogi adityanath as ups new chief minister.
official twitter account of bjps uttar pradesh unit congratulates adityanath.
6.
50pm: pti alert says yogi adityanath to be the next up cm.
6.
45pm: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan congratulates yogi adityanath for being named uttar pradeshs cm.
screenshot of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan twitter account.
(twitter)6.
17pm: ani clarifies that no official statement has been released yet naming yogi adityanath as up cm.
this is based on sources.
this is not an official announcement.
we at ani have jumped the gun.
https://t.
co/udu86dpy9p  smita prakash (@smitaprakash) march 18, 20176.
10pm: reports say gorakhpur mp yogi adityanath to be cm.
keshav prasad maurya and dinesh sharma to be deputies.
5.
43pm: union minister venkaiah naidu arrives, meeting underway in lucknow.
5.
28pm: om mathur and keshav prasad maurya arrive for the meeting.
5.
21pm: bjp general secretary organisation sunil bansal arrives for the mla meet along with party observer and national general secretary bhupendra yadav.
5.
20pm: ani reports that yogi adityanath, bhupendra yadav, om mathur, kp maurya and sunil bansal held a separate meeting ahead of the bjp mlas meet.
4.
46pm: yogi adityanaths name crops up as the front runner in the cm race, reports ndtv.
adityanath arrives in lucknow.
4.
12pm: bjp mlas arrive for the partys legislature meet in lucknow.
bjp mlas arrive for the party's legislature meet in lucknow pic.
twitter.com/a6cxxju86v  ani up (@aninewsup) march 18, 20173.
59pm: manoj sinha to leave for delhi at around 6pm.
3.
11pm: manoj sinha returns to banaras, expected to leave for lucknow.
2.
45pm: uttar pradesh bjp chief keshav prasad maurya  for whom rajasthan governor kalyan singh and union minister uma bharti are reportedly rooting for as up chief minister  is likely to be present at the bjp legislature party meeting in lucknow later in the day.
2.
30 pm: a huge crowd has gathered at barhat where union minister manoj sinha, a frontrunner for uttar pradesh chief minister, has been to.
the minister is returning to varanasi.
supporters of union minister manoj sinha at barhat .
(ht photo)1.
45 pm: hundreds of bjp workers have gathered at various towns in uttar pradesh in the first formal celebration of a thumping victory in the assembly elections.
its the modi wave that had got us victory in 2014 and again in 2017.
this wave will continue endlessly, said ashok singh, a supporter outside bjp office in lucknow.
12.
20 pm: bjp mp yogi adityanath called to delhi to meet amit shah.
sources say it is because he strongly objected to the appointment of some mlas in the state ministry particularly radha mohan das agarwal.
it was to resolve this issue and other matters related to eastern up that he was called, according to sources.
12:15 pm: bjp supporters have begun gathering outside bjps state headquarters in lucknow.
#lucknow bjp supporters have started gathering outside state bjp office as elected mla's will elect cm @httweets pic.
twitter.com/ucrmjh5srj  rajeev mullick (@rmulko) march 18, 201711.
45 am: section of media unnecessarily speculating, says front-runner manoj sinha.
he tells ani that he is not in the race for the cms post and that it is the legislature party and the bjps parliamentary board that decides.
11.
40 am: supporters of keshav prasad maurya and yogi adityanath stage demonstrations demanding that the candidates they support be made the states chief minister.
yogi adityanath supporters protest in lucknow.
(ani)11.
10 am: names in the media are purely speculative, we will be meeting the mlas today evening and then decide, union minister venkaiah naidu tells ani.
he has reached lucknow for the partys legislative meeting.
11.
00 am: ups bjp chief keshav prasad maurya arrives at amit shahs residence.
10.
00 am: telecom minister manoj sinha, who represents the ghazipur lok sabha seat from eastern uttar pradesh, offered prayers at the kashi vishwanath temple and sankatmochan temple in varanasi on saturday morning before leaving for his home district.
counting of votes for madhya pradesh assemblys 230 seats began at 8am on tuesday.
as many as 2,907 candidates were in fray for the november 28 assembly polls as chief minister shivrajchouhan of bjp is attempting a fourth term in office, while challenger congress expects to return to power after a 15-year gap.
exit polls predicted a close race between the bjp and the congress, though leaders from both parties have routinely claimed their respective victories.
while chouhan has called himself the biggest surveyor in claiming a win for the bjp, senior congress leader kamal nath said his party would get at least 140 seats to oust the saffron party and form a majority government.
the state polls saw a voter turnout of about 75 .
madhya pradesh chief electoral officer v l kantha rao told reporters that counting began with the postal ballots at 51 centres across the state.
evms (electronic voting machines) would be taken up for counting at 8.
30 am.
counting of postal ballots would continue simultaneously, he said.
follow live updates here: counting begins, bjp seeks 4th term in close fight with congressrao said 15,000 employees have been drafted for the counting process which will be monitored through 1200 cctv cameras installed at 51 centres across the state.
the ceo said the maximum rounds of counting -- 32 in total -- would take place in the indore-5 assembly segment due to the highest number of booths there.
the lowest number of counting rounds (15) would be held in kotma seat in anuppur district, he added.
indore-5 seat is currently held by the bjp while the congress represents kotma constituency.
rao said the results of every round would be declared separately before the start of the subsequent rounds.
though all exit polls predicted a slide in the bjps fortunes, some of them have gone to the extent of giving a clear majority to the congress.
click here for assembly elections 2018 results live updatesthe republic tv-jan ki baat poll has predicted bjp will win 108-128 seats and the congress 95-115.
the india today-axis poll gave 102-120 seats to the ruling party and 104-122 to the congress.
times now-cnx predicted a majority for the bjp with 126 seats and gave 89 to the congress.
in contrast, the abp news poll gave the congress a decisive win with 126 seats and said the bjp would win 94 assembly constituencies.
in 2013 elections, the bjp had won 165 of total 230 seats, followed by the congress (58), bsp (4) and independents 3.
the campaign for the polls was a high-decibel one with star campaigners like prime minister narendra modi and congress chief rahul gandhi mounting vitriolic attacks in their respective speeches.
the prime minister had addressed ten public meetings across all regions of the state while bjp president amit shah held 26 public meetings and three road shows, said state bjp spokesman rajnish agrawal.
rahul gandhi addressed 22 public rallies and took part in about a dozen road shows.
the chief minister, in office since 2005, is seeking re-election from budhni in sehore district.
he is pitted against congress candidate arun yadav, a former minister.
of the 5.
04-crore registered voters, 3.
78-crores (75.
05 per cent) exercised their franchise.
the bjp fielded candidates for all 230 seats while the congress fielded 229 nominees and left one seat (jatara in tikamgarh district) for its ally loktantrik janata dal (ljd) of sharad yadav.
mayawati-led bahujan samaj party (bsp) fielded 227 candidates, while the samajwadi party (sp) contested 51 seats.
the aam aadmi party (aap) also fielded 208 candidates in its maiden elections in madhya pradesh, while 1,094 candidates contested as independents.
other-sportsupdated: aug 28, 2019 13:50 istmanasi joshi, who was among the three indian players who won gold at the recently concluded world para-badminton championship, said she earned the medal as she worked really hard for it.
the 30-year-old clinched the top honours in the womens singles sl3 final defeating world no.
1 and compatriot parul parmar 21-12, 21-7 to pick her maiden title in basel, switzerland on august 25, the very day on which ace shuttler p.v. sindhu won the gold at the world championships.
i earned it.
worked every bit for it, she tweeted on tuesday.
i earned it.
worked every bit for it.
pic.
twitter.com/sgzrl9gwmu  manasi nayana joshi (@joshimanasi11) august 27, 2019meanwhile, twitter was all praise for the 30-year-old, who had lost her left leg in 2011.
in the high of pv sindhu getting gold in the world championship, we forgot to win manasi joshi, who gold in world para-badminton championship.
here it is wishing her, kiran bedi, governor of puducherry tweeted.
in the high of pv sindhu getting gold in world championship, we forgot to wish #manasijoshi, who won gold in world para badminton championship!
here is it wishing her.
.
: pic.
twitter.com/wow5zjy20c  kiran bedi (@thekiranbedi) august 28, 2019every daughter of india is special.
you have increased honour of the country on the world stage.
many congratulations to you for winning gold at the para-badminton world championship, tweeted former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
@joshimanasi11                   -                !
!
https://t.
co/q1dyjxipkf  shivrajchouhan (@chouhanshivraj) august 28, 2019everyone should learn from you how to overcome the difficulties and achieve success.
hats off to your courage.
the country is proud of you!
he added.
manasi was among the 12 indian athletes who won medals at the competition.
prime minister narendra modi also congratulated the 12 para-badminton players who brought laurels to the country.
130 crore indians are extremely proud of the indian para-badminton contingent, which has brought home 12 medals at bwf world championship 2019.
congratulations to the entire team, whose success is extremely gladdening and motivating.
each of these players is remarkable!
130 crore indians are extremely proud of the indian para badminton contingent, which has brought home 12 medals at bwf world championships 2019.
congratulations to the entire team, whose success is extremely gladdening and motivating.
each of these players is remarkable!
narendra modi (@narendramodi) august 28, 2019an engineer by qualification, manasi completed her graduation in electronics engineering from k. j. somaiya college of engineering, university of mumbai in 2010.
in 2011, she met with a road accident and lost her left leg.
however, that did not stop her from playing badminton and she went on to win many medals for india.
in september 2015, she won silver in mixed doubles at the para-badminton world championship held in stoke mandeville, england.
in october 2018, manasi won a bronze medal at the asian para games held in jakarta, indonesia.
