this government is farmers' government.
a price stabilisation fund of rs 1,000 crore would be set up to purchase the farm produce at the minimum support price (msp), he said.
people who are indulging in violence are anti-social elements and not farmers.
they are trying to defame the farmers' protest, he added.
he has assured the farmers that government would buy onion at the msp of rs 8 per kg, he said, adding that we have already started buying onion in indore, ujjain and mandsaur districts.
procurement will continue till june 30, he said.
similarly, some cereals too will be procured at msp, he added.
meanwhile, assistant sub-inspector of police pawan yadav, who suffered a severe injury to eye in stone-pelting at ratlam yesterday, has been sent to chennai for treatment, to ensure that infection doesn't spread to the other eye, the cm informed.
farmers are demanding better prices for farm produce, among other things.
chouhan held talks with protesters' leaders yesterday, but while two of the farmer outfits called off the agitation, others continued the stir.
fresh protests and violent incidents were reported from neemuch, ratlam, dhar, jhabua and dewas districts of western madhya pradesh on the fifth day of agitation today.
at neemuch, farmers staged a road blockade at bhadbhadiya four lane square.
protesters pelted stones and damaged several two-wheelers as the police used lathi-charge to disperse them.
effigies of prime minister narendra modi and chief minister chouhan were burnt.
two policemen were injured in stone-pelting.
police have registered a case against 200 persons and have arrested eight.
40 motorcycles were also seized, city superintendent of police (csp) abhishek deewan said.
tarun baheti, a farmer leader, said the police used lathi-charge against peaceful protesters for no reason.
shops remained closed in the market and supply of essential goods was affected at jhabua district headquarters.
protesting farmers damaged some shops after an altercation with vendors over keeping the shops closed at karwad village of jhabua district, said petlawad police station in-charge lokendra singh thakur.
during a bandh called by protesting farmers in mandsaur, incidents of violence and clashes between farmers and traders were reported from several areas including gandhi chouraha, kailash marg, bus stand and shukla chowk.
protesters forcing traders to close the shops led to clashes.
the farmers also confronted traders at piplya mandi in the district.
all the petrol pumps remained closed.
farmers stopped a truck and dumped bananas it was carrying on road at barkheda panth.
mandsaur district collector swatantra kumar singh however claimed that the situation was under control.
in ratlam, police registered a case against 150 protesters, including district panchayat vice president dp dhakad, for last night's violence in which police asi pawan yadav sustained eye injury.
fourteen people were arrested.
in dhar, protesting farmers emptied 12,000 litres of milk on road from a tanker at borali toll naka on mhow-neemuch road.
protesters pelted stones in kshipra area of dewas to force vendors to shut their outlets.
farmers also burnt effigy of shivkant dixit, leader of rss-affiliated bharatiya kisan sangh, who had yesterday announced end of the agitation, at mankund in the district.
a rally was taken out by members of bharatiya kisan mazdoor sangh (bkms) from chapda in dewas which culminated in indore.
at a press conference in indore, bkms leader shivkumar sharma said the agitation would continue till june 10.
we are not satisfied with the assurances given by the chief minister.
the bjp-led government has betrayed our trust on several occasions in the last 14 years.
our agitation will continue till june 10, he said.
markets in some parts of indore faced shortage of vegetables, fruits and milk.
leader of opposition in assembly and congress leader ajay singh asked why the chief minister was silent on the msp for fruits, vegetables and loan waiver, which are the main demands of protesting farmers.
a photo of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan has gone viral today.
in the photo, clicked during his visit to flood affected parts, he was seen being lifted by his security men to cross a water-logged area.
according to sources, the chief minister was carried by cops as the collector and the local police chief did not want him to get hurt or bitten by snakes.
chouhan travelled by train to arrive in satna at 10 p.
m.
on saturday and met the flood-hit families.
he interacted with people who have taken shelter at a satna post-graduate college and ascertained their needs.
chouhan then went to maihar town where a building of the madhya pradesh housing board had collapsed on saturday, trapping many people in the rubble.
there has been no official confirmation on the loss of lives, if any, on account of the building collapse, but some reports said two persons died.
he also met the kin of babloo martin, a sportsman who reportedly lost his life while trying to save a four-year-old boy, and announced providing the bereaved families with an aid of rs 5 lakh.
chennai: the renowned vellore institute of technology (vit) is in expansion mode and will be opening its third campus in bhopal, madhya pradesh.
the foundation stone for the new campus, coming up at kothri kalan on bhopal-indore highway, will be laid on thursday by madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan and minister for higher education jaibhan singh pawaiya in the presence of officials from the vit.
speaking to express, g viswanathan, founder-chancellor of the vit university, said the university was waiting to expand in north india and the plan had now become a reality.
the upcoming campus is in the heart of the country, which will be easily accessible for students in nearby states.
they do not need to come all the way to chennai or vellore to study, he said.
viswanathan said they have received as many as 15,000 applications for various courses from students of madhya pradesh this year.
to start with, the proposed university campus, to be built in an area covering 120 acre, will have an intake of 1,000 students and will offer degrees in engineering and arts and sciences.
elaborating on future expansion plans, the chancellor said land had already been allotted by the andhra pradesh government for another campus.
about 200 acres have been allotted near that states upcoming capital city of amaravathi, for which the foundation stone will be laid very soon, on november 3, viswanathan added.
presently, the vit university has two campuses  one in vellore and another in chennai.
the state government is always ready for talks with farmers.
i appeal to the farmers to maintain calm.
only talks can end the differences, he said in a press statement here.
the state government is of farmers and public.
i will continue to work for them, he said.
the chief minister said the state government has taken a slew of measures in farmers' interest like procuring one kg of onion for rs 8.
we (state government) are going to start buying tur and urad pulses from farmers at msp from june 10, he said.
he appealed to the agitating farmers to ensure the nefarious designs of the anti-social elements do not prevail.
widespread violence, including several incidents of arson, have been reported from western madhya pradesh, especially in mandsaur and dewas districts, during the weeklong farmers' agitation in the state.
meanwhile, contingents of rapid action force (raf) were today deployed in mandsaur which has been on the boil since the past two days.
according to police, two companies of raf, comprising around 100 men each, have moved into pipliamandi in mandsaur, where five farmers were killed.
dig ratlam range avinash sharma is camping in pipliamandi, where the agitating farmers defied prohibitory orders, beat up officials and policemen, and resorted to violence and arson yesterday.
the state government, in a bid to cool tempers, has already announced certain measures, including a loan settlement scheme for those cultivators who had defaulted on repayment of farm loan.
the scheme will cover around six lakh farmers with accumulated dues of rs 6,000 crore, according to the government.
indore: madhya pradesh was once in the category of bimaru states, but a strong leadership coupled with a business friendly environment and ever-growing as an educational hub, has helped the state to shed off its past image, said union finance minister arun jaitley on saturday during the fifth edition of global investment meet in indore.
he pointed out that the state used to be historically disadvantage with majority of tribal settlements after the state was carved.
when different states were carved out and different linguistic states formed, there was an area in the centre of the country which got left out and that disjointed area became one state.
they carved out maharashtra on one side, when they carved out orissa, andhra pradesh, it had a large tribal population, it had very little development and in the planned regulated economy, we coined the bimaru states, i.
e.
economically backward states, he said.
jaitley said chief minister shivrajchouhan focus on social schemes, special emphasis on bijli (electricity), paani (water), sadak (road) had helped the state to achieve double digit growth in agriculture, thereby bringing prosperity to farmers.
jaitley pointed out that madhya pradesh is a successful story of transporting water from one part of the state to another where the narmada was brought to different parts in madhya pradesh.
it also shares the river water with adjacent states like gujarat.
madhya pradesh should now be able to attract large international investment as also domestic investment which engulfs the entire india story.
generation for power, electricity and this was accompanied by spending the resources of state in empowering people, he said.
he said that with the implantation of goods and services tax (gst), when india becomes one market, there would be good flow of trades and services across the nation and this seamless flow across the nation will contribute significantly to the nations and as well as backwards states progress.
thakurganj operation: intemittent firing continues from both sides, chilli bombs and tear gas also being used by security forces.
(photo | ani)bhopal: assuring concrete proof that the terrorists responsible for the bhopal-ujjain passenger train blast were affiliated with the isis, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan stated that after placing the pipe bomb in the train, the terrorists had then proceeded to send the pictures to syria.
speaking to ani here, chouhan further informed that the terrorists, who hailed from kanpur and kannauj had made plans to rush back to lucknow once their nefarious plans to set off the bomb had come through.
the explosives recovered from them had inscriptions on it saying isis- we are in india.
the terrorists even uploaded the picture of the pipe bomb they had placed in the train and the then sent it to syria.
so its proof that they were related to isis, he said.
the chief minister also revealed that the terrorists had learned the mechanism of making a bomb on the internet and then trained to carry out the explosion.
they had placed the timer of the bomb in such a way that it explodes in two hours.
fortunately the pipe bomb was placed in an upper berth, which significantly reduced the damage and loss of lives in the attack.
our ats was in constant touch with central agencies and nabbed them.
ateef mazaffar was their mastermind and mohammad danish and sayyed mir hussain were also caught.
hailing the madhya pradesh anti-terrorism squad (ats) for the nabbing the accused so quickly, chouhan also thanked prime minister narendra modi for his vigilance in ensuring there was smooth coordination between the state and central agencies.
meanwhile, madhya pradeshs inspector general (ig) of police, law and order makrand devaskar has confirmed the explosion, which took place in bhopal-ujjain passenger train in shajapur district yesterday, was a terrorist attack.
it was an ied blast and ied blasts are always terrorist attacks.
the police have arrested three persons from pipariya, devaskar said.
at least nine people were injured after the explosion.
taking cognizance of the matter, madhya pradesh home minister bhupendra singh said that an investigation has been initiated into the matter.
all officers already reached the spot and at least nine are injured in which two are critical.
the investigation is on and according to initial reports there is an odor of gun powder.
singh told ani.
injured passengers are admitted to kalapipal government hospital and a medical team is also sent to the location, said bhopal division of indian railways pro, i.a. siddiqui.
the guard of bhopal-ujjain passenger train informed the passengers at 9.
50 a.
m.
about the explosion that took place ahead of guard coach, next to front of sleeper class, while the train was on run in block section between the jabdi and kalapipal stations.
jabalpur (madhyapradesh): after the centre today came up with the decision to end the vip culture and banned the use of red beacon on vehicles belonging to dignitaries, including the central and state ministers, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan followed suit and announced that he also wouldn't use the red beacon on his car, assuring that other ministers would also follow the decision.
the decision taken by the union cabinet will reportedly be implemented from may 1.
the ban applies to union ministers, chief ministers, state cabinet ministers, bureaucrats and judges of the high court and supreme court.
five categories would be allowed to use the red beacon- president, vice president, prime minister, chief justice of india and the lok sabha speaker.
it was reported last week that the prime minister's office (pmo) had called a meeting to discuss whether the red beacon should be discarded or restricted to certain dignitaries.
also, the state government will carry out a separate investigation into the matter.
a decision will (thereafter) be taken according to the findings.
for this criminal negligence, if needed we will dismiss (the official or officials), he said.
therefore, this is not a case pertaining to the state.
i spoke to rajnath singh and he also agreed that this incident should be probed by nia to expose the entire links behind it, the chief minister added.
soon after the jail break in the wee hours, four officers including the prison dig were suspended.
the escape of terrorists from a jail is a serious matter.
that is why we have taken a decision to suspend mp prison deputy inspector general (dig), bhopal central jail superintendent, deputy jail superintendent and assistant jail superintendent, he added.
he said that adg of mp special task force, sudhir sahi has been given the charge of prison adg.
the chief minister also congratulated bhopal police as well as the citizens for their swift action.
we got the information (of the escape) around 3.
15 am.
the moment we got the information, our police swung into action.
police, with the support of public for which i congratulate them, got to know their location and tracked them down and killed them in an encounter, he said.
ig yogesh choudhary said the fleeing simi activists had weapons in possession and opened fire when confronted and the police fired in retaliation.
on where the simi activists got their arms, the chief minister refused to comment and only offered a thank you.
according to police, all the eight simi activists were killed by bhopal police at malikheda on the city outskirts.
the undertrials escaped around 2-3 am after killing a jail security guard by scaling the prison wall with the help of bed sheets.
the activists were identified as -- amzad, zakir hussain sadiq, mohammad salik, mujeeb shaikh, mehbood guddu, mohammad kalid ahmed, aqeel and majid.
by express news servicebhopal: four years after then madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan claimed that an anonymous letter had taken the lid off the multi-crore vyapam scam in 2013, the kamal nath government has made it clear that no such letter exists with the government or state police.
pratap grewal, the congress mla from sardarpur seat of dhar district had asked during the ongoing session of vidhan sabha about the existence of any such letter as mentioned by chauhan in july 2014.
will the home minister confirm that the police intelligence section received any anonymous letter on june 20, 2013, regarding possible fraud in the 2013 mp pre medical test exam.
whether the department had informed then cm shivrajchouhan about the letter or not.
if yes, then is the letter still in the possession of the mp police stf or the cbi, questioned the congress mla.
the home ministers written reply to his party legislators query was in the negative.
the home minister bala bachchan in the written reply said no such letter exists anywhere with the state government or police.
importantly, then cm shivrajchouhan had mentioned in the vidhan sabha in july 2014 about an anonymous letter having alerted the government and police about the pmt fraud, which ultimately led to the busting of the mppmt fraud in july 2013  which was the first case of the multi-layered and multi-crore vyapam scam.
in june 2014, then home minister umashankar gupta too had said that the indore police crime branch had got the credible information about the fraud through an anonymous letter, which helped in exposing the entire scam.
ratlam: a delegation of the aam aadmi party was today stopped here by the police from entering mandsaur, hit by violent farmers' agitation, a day after rahul gandhi and other congress leaders were turned back by authorities.
the delegation consisting of sanjay singh, bhagwant mann, somnath bharti, ashutosh and the party's madhya pradesh unit convener alok aggarwal sat on a dharna in dhodhar area of ratlam district after officials denied them entry into mandsaur as curfew had been imposed there and told them it would not be safe.
jaora city sp deepak kumar shukla said the aap leaders were not allowed to enter mandsaur and sent back from ratlam.
the aap leaders also spoke to some of the farmers who have been protesting since june 1, seeking loan waiver and higher prices for the farm produce among other things.
mandsaur has been kept out of bounds for political leaders by the state administration in the wake of wide spread violence following the death of five farmers in police firing during the agitation.
we were going to meet the families of the deceased farmers and did not have any intention to disrupt the law and order in mandsaur but even then we were stopped, sanjay singh said.
he demanded chief minister shivraj singh chouhan's resignation and also hit out at prime minister narendra modi for keeping mum on the issue.
he (modi) tweets immediately on issues from all over the world but has not uttered a single word in solidarity with the farmers in mandsaur, singh said.
the farmers in the country are facing tough times.
those from tamil nadu had to protest in delhi while the ones in mandsaur had to face the bullets.
it's high time that the centre waives loans of farmers across the country, he added.
congress vice president rahul gandhi was yesterday arrested as he tried to enter mandsaur from neemuch district, about 400 km from the state capital bhopal.
he was later released along with his 250 supporters on the border with rajasthan.
earlier in the day, mandsaur sp manoj kumar singh had said prohibitory orders are in place in the entire district and entry of outsiders will be restricted.
the sp had said the aap leaders will be arrested if they try to enter the district.
he said anti-social elements were involved in the breach of peace in the district and 156 persons have been arrested so far in connection with cases of arson and vandalism.
we are with the farmers but will take action against those who resort to violence.
anti-social elements were involved in violence, he said.
new delhi: stock prices of breweries and distilleries today plummeted by up to 7.
3 per cent after madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan announced that all liquor shops would be closed across the state in a phased manner.
shares of radico khaitan tumbled 7.
30 per cent, united spirits tanked 6.
59 per cent, associated alcohols & breweries fell by 5 per cent, globus spirits (4.
90 per cent), tilaknagar industries (4.
70 per cent), empee distilleries (2.
35 per cent) and pincon spirit (2.
08 per cent) on bse.
during past one month, several protests against liquor shops have been reported from across the state.
mandsaur: one hand on the tractor wheel and the other on the phone ready to tweet.
that was the informal instruction spread amongst protesters here, many of them youngsters who defy the stereotypical image of the traditional indian farmer.
despite the lack of a central leadership, the farmers' movement spread rapidly through mandsaur and nearby districts through the canny use of photos, videos, and texts on social media platforms.
so much so, that authorities have suspended internet services in the area.
according to police officials in mandsaur, the centre of the protests, around 80 per cent of the protesters fall in the 16-30 age group.
theey are tech savvy, own smartphones and have been using facebook, twitter and whatsapp to spread information and mobilise people for the protests.
this is the first time in the history of the state that a movement like this was built through these internet tools.
we had appealed to farmers to reach out to the masses using such platforms, said kedar sirohi, leader of the aam kisan union, a farmer organisation.
our message to farmers was to keep one hand on the tractor steering wheel and the other on the phone to send tweets, he said.
the lack of a central leadership left the government in a fix as they did not know exactly who to negotiate with.
the june 4 meeting between chief minister shivrajchouhan and the rss-affiliated bharatiya kisan sangh (bks) and another farmer body, the kisan sena, was a case in point.
however, the protests by the farmers, who are demanding a loan waiver and satisfactory prices for their produce, raged on.
the movement turned violent two days later when five persons died in police firing on june 6 in mandsaur.
one more farmer died on june 8 with villagers alleging that he was beaten up in police custody.
the mandsaur-neemuch region, about 300 km from the state capital bhopal, became the nerve centre of the gathering storm of farmer distress.
later, protests spread to some other parts of the state.
the farmers had first declared that the protests would last from june 1 to june 10.
but after the deaths, we are not going to set any end date for it, sirohi said.
the police, faced with what they say is a veritable barrage of fake news, rumours and unconfirmed reports, have suspended internet services in five districts -- mandsaur, ujjain, ratlam, neemuch and dhar.
according to inspector general of police (ig), law and order, makarand deuskar, the proliferation of fake and inflammatory news fanned the violence in the state.
this is why we have, till further orders, suspended internet services.
we are in touch with the administrations of the five districts to keep tabs on the ground situation.
we will take further steps after assessing the situation, he said.
the ig also said action would be taken against those will take action against those posting provocative content on social media.
thiruvananthapuram: political parties in the state came together to condemn the action of madhya pradesh police in preventing chief minister pinarayi vijayan from attending a programme in bhopal.
lashing out at the madhya pradesh government, the cpm said that preventing the chief minister from attending a function was undemocratic and it indicated the fascist tactics of the mp government, police and the rss.
cpm state secretary kodiyeri balakrishnan said that it was an insult to the state and wounded the self respect of malayalees.
it was not an issue that could be settled with a mere apology from madhya pradesh government.
he also asked prime minister narendra modi to make it clear whether it was the centres policy to deny civil rights to chief ministers of non-bjp ruled states.
stating that the incident had not happened all of a sudden, he said it was a fascist act implemented by madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan with the knowledge of the centre.
he also said it was the responsibility of the state government to ensure the protection of a visiting chief minister.
as per protocol, the chief minister is a state guest, he said.
the cpm also said that the incident was a violation of the constitution and federal system.
vijayan was to attend a reception hosted by the malayali organisations in bhopal on december 10.
as many as 250 rss activists had assembled outside the venue.
the mp police should have arrested them.
instead, they prevented the chief minister from attending the reception and seeing the people from his state, the cpm said and added that it was an unlawful act on the part of the police.
the cpm also called upon its units to hold protest marches and public meetings against this act.
ldf convenor vaikom viswan also called upon to protest against this unlawful act.
former chief minister oomen chandy and the congress came out against the madhya pradesh government.
kpcc president v m sudheeran said that the act was condemnable.
chandy said that the incident was an insult to the state and should be protested.
he said that preventing the chief minister from attending a programme was violation of the federal system.
bhopal: the ten-day farmers stir entered its fourth day in madhya pradesh on sunday with fresh reports of violence by agitating farmers emerging from indore, ratlam and sehore districts.
in a significant development, meanwhile, chief minister shivrajchouhan met with agitating farmer leaders in ujjain in the afternoon, after which bhartiya kisan sangh (bks) leader shivakant dixit declared that the stir had been called off after the cm accepted most of the demands of the agitating farmers.
however, a shortwhile later, mp kisan sena (mpks) leader jagdish rawalia said the stir has not been called off as the farmers were not fully satisfied with the meeting with the cm and may meet him again in indore on monday.
watch video:the state spokesperson of another farmers body-- the rashtriya kisan mazdoor sangh (rkms), sunil gaur, told the new indian express that the strike which started on june 1 has not been called off and the rss-affiliated bks was only creating confusion about the stir having been withdrawn.
the bks till june 2 was against the farmers stir, but yesterday they suddenly decided to support the stir.
now they are creating confusion and trying to divide farmers as part of calculated plans by the bjp government to break the strike.
owing to this development, our leaders will meet on june 8 and might convert the 10-days stir into a full-fledged indefinite strike, said gaur.
the bks leader has said that the cm has accepted their series of demands, but the rkms stir was only focused on two demands and not series of demands.
the two demands included giving the farmers returns which were equivalent to one and half times more than the cost incurred in produce.
this has already been assured by the bjp in its election manifesto for 2014 lok sabha polls.
the second demand was to waive off the farmers loans worth around rs 45,000 crores in mp, none of which has been accepted by the cm.
how can the cm claim in his tweets that the stir has been called off, its still on and will intensify further, said gaur.
earlier in the day, the cm had tweeted after meeting the farmers i am happy that farmers have decided to withdraw their strike.
madhya pradesh government is a pro-farmer regime and it will continue to work for the welfare of farmers.
meanwhile, fresh violence was reported from mandsaur, indore, sehore and ratlam districts on sunday during the farmers stir.
in sehore district, six policemen including a city sp (csp), besides a tehsildar santosh mudgal were injured when protesting farmers allegedly pelted s ones at them at sonda village on the indore-bhopal road.
the farmers attacked the cops when the police tried to disperse the farmers who were stopping a banana laden truck and throwing the fruits on street.
violent farmers protests were also reported from mandsaur district and petlawad area of jhabua district.
also, in delanpur village of ratlam district, two cops, including a sub inspector were injured in stone pelting by farmers.
three vehicles were also burnt, allegedly by the protesting farmers.
on saturday evening violence was reported near choithram mandi in indore, while similar violence was reported from sardarpur town of dhar district on friday.
farmers also protested elsewhere in khandwa, khargone, shajapur, agar malwa and bhopal.
the stir which started on june 10 has largely remained confined to western madhya pradesh districts of indore, dewas, ujjain, mandsaur, dhar, shajapur, khandwa, neemuch and ratlam, affecting supply of essentials, including fruits, vegetables and milk and having spiraling effect on their prices.
thiruvananthapuram: the bhopal police on saturday advised chief minister pinarayi vijayan against attending a reception accorded to him by the malayali association there.
pinarayi vijayan was scheduled to attend the reception at the the bhopal school of social sciences organised jointly by the united malayali association, bhopal malayali association and south bhopal malayali samajam at 5.
30 pm.
however, he was informed by police that there could be some untoward incidents as some sections of people- allegedly rss activists-are planning to take out a protest against the chief minister.
the police alerted the cm that there could be some untoward incidents and protests against him.
as per advice from the police, the chief minister decided not to take part in the programme, said the chief ministers office.
the cm is scheduled to be back in kochi on sunday.
while he was half way to the venue, officials of the pilot vehicle informed him of the possibility of some disturbances at the reception.
they told him that they had instructions from the sp to inform him about the security issue.
however, the officials told him that despite the advise of the sp, he could take an appropriate decision.
he told the police that he was the chief minister of another state and if the police who handle the security dissuades him from attending the function, he should respect it.
the police alerted the cm that there could be some untoward incidents and protests against him.
as per advice from the police, the chief minister decided not to take part in the programme, said the chief ministers office.
after the madhya pradesh polices advisory against attending the felicitation function snowballed into a controversy, the states chief secretary basant pratap singh and director general of police rishi kumar shukla met chief minister pinarayi vijayan in bhopal and expressed regret.
according to the chief ministers office here, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan telephoned pinarayi vijayan but the incident in bhopal did not figure in the talks.
farmers spilling milk on the road during their state-wide strike over various demands at a village in ahmednagar maharashtra on thursday.
| file photo by ptibhopal: as the farmers' protest in madhya pradesh entered its third day today, people in many areas of the region faced shortage of milk and vegetables, despite government's efforts to smoothen the supply.
rss's farmer wing bharatiya kisan sangh (bks) and the opposition congress today expressed support for the agitators who are demanding better prices for farm produce among other things.
agitating farmers stopped vendors and emptied milk containers on road at three places in dhar district.
a truck carrying mangoes from andhra pradesh to mandsaur was stopped in bidwal area of dhar district.
protesters threw the mangoes on road, to the delight of passers-by who collected the fruit.
police registered a case against the protesters.
in dewas, milk supply was badly affected and vegetable markets remained virtually closed.
dairies too remained closed and a fight between farmers and vegetable vendors was reported from chapda area of the district.
prices of milk and vegetables have almost doubled in neemuch district.
price of okra and tomato has risen to rs 40 per kg from rs 20.
the price of milk has gone up to rs 60 per litre from rs 40.
there was a scuffle between some vegetable vendors from a dalit community and farmers when the latter stopped them from selling vegetables at khawasha in the tribal-dominated jhabua district.
the agitation also crippled milk supply in khandwa district.
in mandsaur district, police and revenue officials had a tough time getting 40,000 litres of milk from dairies distributed.
shortage of milk and vegetables was seen in markets in indore district too.
five hundred policemen were deployed this morning for facilitating milk and vegetables supply, indore deputy inspector general of police h c mishra said.
the state capital bhopal too has started feeling the pinch.
prices of vegetables and fruits in city markets have shot up.
in a surprise development, bks's indore-ujjain division's treasurer laxminarayan patel said it supports farmers' protest.
but we are against vandalism, he said.
asked why bks came out with support on the third day of agitation, patel said it was with farmers from day one.
senior congress mla mukesh nayak also supported the farmers.
farmers are unhappy with the state government and were unanimous about fighting for their demands, he said.
congress leaders today addressed press conferences across the state to express support for the protest.
farmers should not fall prey to those who have vested interests in such agitations, he said.
incidentally, farmers in neighbouring maharashtra too are conducting a similar protest, blocking supply of milk and vegetables to cities.
bhopal: veteran bjp leader and former madhya pradesh chief minister sunderlal patwa passed away here today after a brief illness.
he was 92.
patwa's wife had died a few years back and they had no children.
his nephew surendra patwa is minister for culture and tourism in the present bjp-led state government.
patwa suffered a heart attack in the morning and was rushed to hospital where he breathed his last, bansal hospital's executive director dr skand trivedi said.
soon after getting information about patwa's demise, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan rushed to the hospital.
later, chouhan condoled the death of the senior bjp leader.
in a tweet, he recalled patwa's life-long contribution for the development of madhya pradesh and said his death is an irreparable loss to the state.
born on november 11, 1924, patwa served as madhya pradesh chief minister twice, first for a brief spell of less than a month in 1980 and later, riding on the ram mandir 'wave', he came back to power in march 1990.
however, his second stint on the seat of power was curtailed by imposition of the president's rule in 1992 after the demolition of the babri masjid.
he was also elected as the lok sabha member from chhindwara in the 1997 by-poll by defeating congress strongman kamal nath in his home turf.
later, nath wrested the seat from him in 1998, the party sources said.
in 1999 general elections, patwa won the hoshangabad lok sabha seat and became a cabinet-raked minister in the then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee's government at the centre, they added.
new delhi: taking political advantage of the farmers agitation in madhya pradesh, the congress on saturday said that inaction of the state government forced the farmers to sell their crop below minimum support price to the middlemen.
terming the indefinite fast by the state chief minister shivrajchouhan as a pretense, congress party spokesperson randeep surjewala asked chouhan to prepare for his political exile.
speaking to reporters in the national capital, surjewala said,shivraj singh chouhan's fast is a drama.
.
.
it is a sham, he should answer why a case of murder has not been filed in the death of five farmers in madhya pradesh.
this fast is nothing but a pretense.
.
.
the congress is with farmers in their fight for their rights, surjewala said while alleging that farmers are selling potatoes and onions at throwaway prices in the state.
the situation is similar in case of wheat as well.
he also blamed bjp for making false promises over providing better prices to farmers for their produce as the state government has been unable to give minimum selling price to the farmers.
with farmers protest turned violent and the situation became law and order issue, state chief minister sat on an indefinite fast for the restoration of peace and promised profitable prices to farmers for their produce.
state farmers are demanding for loan waiver along with better prices for their crop.
new delhi: scale of farmers protest in madhya pradesh appears to have taken the bjp with surprise, while the nda government at the centre went into huddle on wednesday.
madhya pradesh could come under the grip of a violent agitation by farmers despite the state being run by chief minister shivrajchouhan , who has unmatchable credentials in agricultural growth, said the party leaders to attribute criminal-political motive to the turn of events.
after the cabinet meeting, prime minister narendra modi presided over a core group meeting, which was attended by senior colleagues, including union minister for home affairs rajnath singh, minister for external affairs sushma swaraj, minister for road and surface transport nitin gandakri.
sources said that senior ministers discussed the issue of farmers agitations in mp and maharashtra.
the bjp chief amit shah was also learnt to have spoken to the mp chief minister over phone.
concerns in the government and the party appear to be more for the reason that the farmers agitation has come at a time when the nda is in the midst of a campaign to drum up support for achievements of three years of the modi government.
incidentally, mp along with rajsthan and chattisgarh will to the assembly elections in the later parts of the next year.
the mp government had already accepted most of the demands of farmers on june 4.
farmers in the state have never resorted to violence.
there are reports that criminal gangs and anti-social elements got involved in the agitation with the support of local congress leader.
what we are witnessing in parts of the state is nothing but the criminal-political motive of the congress getting exposed, said bjp leader gvl narsimha rao.
with the congress vice-president rahul gandhi heading to mandsaur on thursday, a long drawn political slugfest over the status of farmers in the state seems to be on the card.
incidentally, officials in the central government had been noting for a while that the farmers were not able to sell the crops of pulses at the minimum support price (msp), besides the bumper onion crop having led the cultivators to resort to distress sale.
but bjp leaders cannot agree that the situations of farmers are distressing.
mp has been registering 20 per cent plus agricultural growth, while the state has emerged as number two in wheat productions.
the state has also been the best performer in spreading irrigation facilities.
the state government had ensured farm loan at one per cent interest, added rao.
new delhi: the cpi(m) today accused the bjpled governments in maharashtra and madhya pradesh of turning a deaf ear to problems of farmers.
from mp to maharashtra, farmers woes continue to mount.
after all the tall promises, bjp govts turn a deaf ear to their problems (sic), cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury tweeted.
farmers in maharashtra had launched a stir on june 1 pressing for various demands, including waiver of loans due to crop failures and indebtedness, and guaranteed minimum support price.
farmers in madhya pradesh too had staged protests on the similar lines, but called off the agitation after chief minister shivrajchouhan agreed to the demands put forth by them.
by iansbhopal: the madhya pradesh government has ordered closure of iron ore mines belonging to bjp mla and former state minister sanjay pathak's family in jabalpur district, on the directions of the supreme court.
jabalpur collector bharat yadav on saturday ordered the immediate closure of the mines owned by mining baron pathak's company nirmala minerals in agariya and dubiyara villages in sihora tehsil.
the collector said in view of the supreme court's order, nirmala minerals should close the sanctioned mineral blocks allotted in sihora for necessary scrutiny.
the supreme court had ordered closure of the mines on may 3 pending investigations about alleged breach of forest land rules.
the collector set up a three-member committee to look into the charges about the mines being located on forest land.
yadav said the mines were ordered closed in compliance with the apex court's orders.
pathak, on the other hand, said the case was subjudice and the government action was due to political reasons, adding he would respond through legal means.
pathak, who represents the vijayraghogarh constituency, has been rumoured to be planning to return to the congress after the bjp's defeat in the assembly election last year.
the buzz continued during the lok sabha election too.
pathak, son of former congress minister in the state, satyendra pathak, was the richest candidate during the 2013 assembly election with declared assets worth over rs 226 crore.
after the bjp returned to power for the third time in the state in 2013, pathak crossed over to the saffron party at the instance of former chief minister shivrajchouhan to save his mines which are under litigation for being located on forest land.
new delhi: union minister m venkaiah naidu today accused the congress of instigating and politicising farmers' stir in madhya pradesh and termed rahul gandhi's planned visit to the violence-hit mandsaur as another photo opportunity.
speaking to reporters here, naidu also dismissed the congress' demand that chief minister shivrajchouhan step down from his post in view of the deaths of five protesting farmers in police firing.
targetting the opposition party, he recalled an incident in the state's betul district on january 12, 1998, where 24 farmers died allegedly in police firing ordered by then chief minister and congress leader digvijay singh.
the congress is instigating and politicising the issue.
it should stop doing that and behave as a responsible political party to help restore normalcy there, naidu said.
he dubbed the party vice president's planned visit to mandsaur, the hotbed of the ongoing farmers' agitation, as yet another photo opportunity.
on chouhan's resignation, naidu questioned whether singh had resigned from the post of chief minister after the farmers, who were seeking compensation after a hailstorm, were killed.
did they seek resignation of singh when the 24 farmers were killed?
did the congress vice president visit the victim farmers then?
naidu asked.
the minister described chouhan as the most farmerfriendly chief minister and listed welfare measures taken by the bjp-led centre and state government.
police personnel during their operation against a suspected terrorist holed up inside a building in the thakurganj area of lucknow on tuesday evening.
| ptilucknow: the uttar pradesh police on wednesday said the youth killed in an anti-terror operation here on wednesday morning and his five arrested associates were self radicalised and were trying to build an islamic state khorasan module in the city.
the uttar pradesh police statement came hours after its anti terrorism squad (ats) killed saifullah, a resident of manohar nagar in kanpur, here in an 11-hour-long gunfight in thakurganj's haji colony.
safullah and his five associates are self radicalised.
they did not get financial support from outside (foreign country).
they generated it from their own property.
they were trying to build an is khorasan module here and planning for terror attacks at several places, additional director general (law and order) daljit chaudhary said at a press conference here.
chaudhary said they tried to trigger low intensity blasts but failed and the uttar pradesh ats killed safullah and busted the module before they managed to succeed in their motive.
the officer said they got inputs from several agencies about the likely presence of terror suspects in lucknow, kanpur and etawah after an explosion took place on a train in madhya pradesh on tuesday in which eight people were injured.
the gun battle broke out around 4 p.
m.
on tuesday in lucknow and continued for over 11 hours, concluding early on wednesday with the killing of safullah.
two of the terror suspects, mohammad faisal khan and fakhre alam, were arrested from their native places in kanpur and etawah.
faisal's elder brother mohammad imran was also arrested from unnao in the operation, said the officer, adding they are currently being interrogated by the ats.
two others detained by the ats in kanpur were set free by a mob but we know their residential information and hope to catch them soon, the officer said.
he said that atish muzaffar, danish akhtar and sayed mir hussain were arrested by madhya pradesh police.
muzaffar is the mastermind of the module, he added.
the police official's statement that the men were not linked to the islamic state comes as madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan on wednesday said in bhopal that those behind the bhopal-ujjain passenger train bomb blast had suspected islamic state (is) links.
chouhan also revealed that the explosion was caused by a pipe bomb, whose pictures were sent to syria through their mobile phones.
a timer was also used in the bomb.
the terrorists planted pipe bombs in the bhopal-ujjain passenger train and have links to the is and we have proof.
the explosives discovered have is markings, he told reporters.
farmers' agitation turns violent as they torch trucks at mhow-neemuch highway in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh on wednesday.
| ptimandasaur: contingents of rapid action force (raf) were today deployed in madhya pradesh's violencehit mandsaur district where the situation remained tense.
two companies of raf, comprising around 100 men each, have moved into pipliamandi in mandsaur, the site of tuesday's shooting of five farmers, police said.
while two companies of raf have been posted in garoth area in the district, another two have been deployed along the mwoh-neemuch highway to prevent any untoward incidents, they said.
the situation is tense but under control, police said.
dig ratlam range avinash sharma is camping in pipliamandi where farmers, agitating for the last seven days for loan waiver and better crop prices, defied prohibitory orders yesterday, beat up officials and policemen and resorted to violence and arson.
senior police officials have also been deployed to oversee the law and order situation in all sub-divisions of mandsaur district, the official said.
farmers had yesterday resorted to violence and arson in western madhya pradesh despite prohibitory measures, posing a major challenge for chief minister shivrajchouhan and providing a rallying point for the opposition parties.
in view of the volatile situation, the centre had rushed 1,100 personnel of raf to the violence-hit state where the farmers have been agitating for loan waiver and better crop prices.
the chouhan government had sought to cool the tempers by announcing certain measures, including a loan settlement scheme for those cultivators who had defaulted on repayment of farm loan borrowed by them earlier.
the scheme will cover around six lakh farmers, with accumulated dues of rs 6000 crore, according to the government.
new delhi: union home minister rajnath singh on monday spoke to madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan and sought for a detail report after eight terrorists of the banned group students islamic movement of india (simi) escaped late on sunday night from the bhopal central jail.
in a daring jailbreak, eight simi terrorists escaped from the jail early this morning after killing a security guard and scaling the prison wall using bed sheets.
the incident happened around 2 a.
m.
the terrorists used blankets and bed-sheets.
they overpowered the two officers in charge and then opened the locks, arvind saxena, superintendent of police (sp) told ani.
the inmates made a rope with the help of bed sheets to jump over the walls.
we have launched combing operations, he added.
meanwhile, sanjay choudhary, director general of the bhopal central jail, said that security of other prisoners have been increased post the incident.
eight simi undertrials fled from the prison.
during the incident they killed a guard and injured another.
we have informed the local administration and police about the incident.
in this regard, four officials of the jail have been suspended, including the jail superintendent, choudhary told reporters.
the adg jail has been directed to probe the security lapses.
the security has been increased for other prisoners now.
there will also be a high level committee to probe the incident, he added.
state home minister bhupendra singh has also insisted that the escaped terrorist would be arrested at the earliest.
we have issued an alert in the entire state.
we will arrest them soon.
the jail administration's negligence is responsible for this incident, singh told ani.
around 2 a.
m.
at the bhopal central jail, the terrorists tied up one guard and killed a head constable by slitting his throat with steel plate and glass.
then they used ropes fashioned out of bedsheets to climb the boundary walls.
for their escape, the prisoners chose diwali night, when people across the country celebrate by bursting crackers.
it is not the first time that simi terrorists have escaped from a jail in madhya pradesh.
in 2013 also, simi terrorists had a jailbreak in khandwa, around 280 km from bhopal, when a similar plan was used.
bhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister (cm) shivrajchouhan was cross-examined as a crucial witness before the bhopal additional district and sessions judge (adj) on monday, in a june 2014 defamation case against opposition congress leader kk mishra.
shivraj singh chouhan, who is among 17 witnesses, was cross-examined by the accused, kk mishras counsel, led by senior advocate ajay gupta for at least an hour and a half.
the court of adj kn singh subsequently posted the case for hearing on april 7, the complainant in the case and government counsel anand tiwari told the new indian express.
kk mishras counsel cross-examined shivrajchouhan by asking him 15 questions, to which he responded either with one-liners or elaborately.
anand tiwari, counsel for the chief minister, however, objected to certain questions raised by mishras counsel as irrelevant to the case, which chouhan did not respond to during the cross examination.
the counsel for the accused raised a volley of questions spanning from the rising crimes against women in madhya pradesh to the central government's krishini karman award, won by the state for the last four years.
when asked by mishras counsel about this, shivrajchouhan agreed that in 2013-14, the state had won the award only for staying ahead of others in wheat production.
during the cross examination based on shivrajchouhan deposition made during similar examinations in the case in november 2016, the counsel for the accused showed the cm his picture with a man accused in the multi-crore vyapam scam.
the chief minister said that he did not know any of the accused, including gulab singh kirar (suspended bjp leader and former member of state backward class commission), his son shakti singh kirar, and raghvendra singh tomar, another accused.
shivraj singh chouhan also denied that the then bjp national president rajnath singh, had in june 2014 asked him about media reports containing congress leader kk mishras allegations of chouhans link to the vyapam scam.
in november 2016, the chief minister was cross examined as a witness prior to framing of defamation charges against mishra by the court.
on monday, he was cross examined by counsel for the accused after charges were framed against mishra.
congress state spokesperson kk mishra, had in june 2014 alleged at a press conference that 19 candidates selected as constables of the transport department, via recruitment process conducted by vyapam in 2012 belonged to maharashtra's gondia district, the cms wife, sadhna singhs native place.
the state government counsel, anand tiwari, had subsequently filed a defamation case in june 2014 against mishra for dragging the cm and sadhna singh's name to the vyapam scam.
the recruitment of the transport department constables in 2012 is one among the several cases of the multi-layered vyapam scam being probed by the cbi.
an underlying issue of the controversial killing of eight muslim undertrials after they killed a police officer and broke out of a jail in madhya pradesh is the staff shortage in indian prisons, where 34 per cent of positions (27,227) were vacant, as on december 31, 2015, according to an indiaspend analysis of national prison statistics.
of 419,623 inmates across all jails nationwide, 282,076 (67 per cent) are undertrials, whose cases take up to five years to come to trial, illustrating the slow speed of justice in india.
questions have been raised about the post-prison-break firefight, with many describing it as an extrajudicial killing of eight alleged members of the proscribed group, students islamic movement of india (simi).
the eight men were incarcerated in bhopal jail, pending trial for several crimes, such as planning the assassination of rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) and bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders, making and supplying bombs, and involvement in the 2008 ahmedabad bombings that killed 57 people.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan described the jailbreak as very serious and announced the suspension of five jail officials, including the jail superintendent.
as a demand is made for a court-monitored inquiry, the underlying issues are the poor condition of indian prisons and the delays in trying those accused of crimes.
no state was as short of prison staff as bihar, which has 2,654 of the 7,860 personnel it should have, a shortage of 66 per cent, followed by delhi (47 per cent) and west bengal (41 per cent).
in madhya pradesh, the shortage is 28 per cent.
the capacity of indian jails is 366,781, but there are 419,623 inmates in these jails -- which means jails are 114 per cent over capacity.
dadra & nagar haveli jails were 277 per cent over capacity, followed by chhattisgarh (234 per cent) and delhi (227 per cent).
high occupancy rates in jails can be linked to the large population of undertrials.
of 419,623 inmates across jails nationwide, 67 per cent (282,076) prisoners are undertrials-those detained in prisons during trial, investigation or inquiry --pointing to the slow speed of justice in india.
the large number of undertrials in india can be correlated to the lack of adequate judges in indian courts, as lower-court vacancies are a leading cause of pending trials.
in absolute numbers, uttar pradesh had the highest number of undertrials (62,669), followed by bihar (23,424) and maharashtra (21,667).
in bihar, 82 per cent of prisoners were undertrials, the highest among states.
undertrial prisoners in india are equal to the population of the caribbean nation of barbados.
in 2014, the supreme court ordered the release of all undertrial prisoners detained for at least half the maximum sentence prescribed for the offences they were charged with.
many who were languishing in jails because they could not pay sureties and bail bonds benefited.
two million cases have been on trial for a decade or more as on december 2015.
bhopal: amid violent protests by farmers in madhya pradesh, a video has surfaced purportedly showing a woman congress mla from the state inciting people to set a police station ablaze.
the video, which has gone viral on social media, was shared on twitter by bjp national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya.
however, congress leader sachin pilot said in mumbai his party will never instigate violence for political benefits and demanded that the video should be investigated for authenticity.
the video was shot last evening when congress mla shakuntala khatik, who represents karera assembly segment, was staging a protest at karera police station in shivpuri district against the killing of farmers in mandsaur.
she was leading a protest march, during which an effigy of chief minister shivrajchouhan was burnt.
the police poured water on the effigy in a bid douse the flames, in which the woman legislator got partially drenched.
this irked khatik, who later sat on a protest at the police station along with her supporters and the video was shot during the sit-in.
the video shows the mla purportedly asking her supporters to set the police station on fire.
thane ko jala do (torch the police station), she was heard shouting in the video.
district congress spokesman harvir singh raghuvanshi said that the policemen threw water on the mla during a protest organised against the killing of farmers in police firing in mandsaur.
raghuvanshi said, she must have said this out of anger due to the police action.
her intention was not to do so as congress is against any kind of violence.
pilot said, we are not a party that will instigate violence for political benefits, not at all.
.
.
we will never accept the way of violence to force the government into submission.
he said the party has no qualms in wholeheartedly supporting a legitimate demand of anyone and ensuring that it is fulfilled.
we are a democratic party.
we believe in those principles.
if this particular video.
.
.
is out there, i think someone can really verify and see if it is true or not, pilot said.
the congress leader said he had not seen the video but if it is true, then the party dissociates itself from the remark made by the mla.
reacting to the video, state bjp spokesman and bhopal mp alok sanjar said the incident showed that the congress believed in violence.
this video shows that the congress is inciting people to set ablaze government property.
this is the dirty politics of the congress to meet their selfish ends.
this shows the true character of the congress, sanjar said.
parts of western madhya pradesh has been on the boil ever since the farmers launched an agitation last week seeking loan waiver and better crop prices.
the situation has been volatile in mandsaur and neemuch in the last few days.
five farmers were killed in police firing at mandsaur on tuesday, while six others were injured.
a 26-year-old farmer died yesterday in badavan village of violence-hit mandsaur district, with people in that area alleging that he was beaten up by policemen.
mandsaur: in ferment for the last several days, madhya pradesh's mandsaur, the epicentre of a violent stir by farmers, remained peaceful today, prompting chief minister shivrajchouhan to end his indefinite fast.
there was no curfew in all three police stations areas of mandsaur city for the second day today, but prohibitory orders under section 144 crpc banning assembly of more than four people remained in force in the entire district.
curfew will, however, continue in pipliamandi police station area, about 15 km from mandsaur district headquarters, where the killing of five farmers in police firing on june 6 led to sudden escalation of violence and arson that spread to several other districts of madhya pradesh.
the situation is peaceful and there are no reports of violence so far, collector op srivastava and sp manoj singh said.
chouhan, under relentless opposition attack over the farmers' stir, broke his fast about a day-and-half into it with a glass of coconut water offered by former mp chief minister kailash joshi.
in a state where agriculture has flourished, it is impossible that farmers would indulge in violence on such a scale.
while any pain to farmers is unacceptable, those who have engaged in incendiary activities will be severely dealt with.
those whose properties have been damaged will be compensated, but it will be investigated who were behind this violence.
i began this fast in accordance with 'rashtra dharma' (duty towards the nation) as in the name of farmers' agitation some people created a situation that caused me worry, he said.
bjp leaders have been accusing the congress party of having stoked the agitation.
on being asked whether he had agreed to the demand for loan waiver, chouhan, however, avoided a direct reply, maintaining he had told the farmers what he had to say.
during his fast, chouhan had met 15 delegations of small farmers and 236 of big cultivators.
bjp's state unit president nandkumar singh chauhan claimed the family members of those killed in tuesday's police firing had yesterday met chouhan and requested him to call off his fast.
the kin of four out of five men killed in firing had met chouhan at the fast venue.
bjp general secretary kailash vijaywargiya claimed the farmers requested chouhan to end his fast and even said they were ready to withdraw the agitation.
he said agricultural land would now be acquired only with the consent of farmers concerned.
he said 'kisan bazaar' would be set up in all municipal areas and a cooperative institution on the lines of the amul dairy cooperatives of gujarat will be set up across the state.
the chief minister said the government was in the process of setting up a rs 1,000-crore price stabilisation fund to purchase farm produce at the msp.
besides, agricultural costs and marketing commission would also be set up to ensure remunerative prices of farm produce.
meanwhile, swaraj india chief yogendra yadav and social activists medha patkar and swami agnivesh were today detained in madhya pradesh's ratlam district while trying to enter neighbouring mandsaur to meet the families of the five farmers killed in police firing.
the activists, around 30 in number, were stopped by the police at the dhodhar toll plaza in jaora town as prohibitory orders were in force across mandsaur district.
on being stopped, the activists, including jnu students union president mohit kumar pandey and representatives of various farmers' organisations sat in protest on the mhow- neemuch highway, disrupting traffic.
they were detained and later released.
after their detention, yadav told reporters, our arrest is against the law as no written order was shown to us.
we wanted to meet the families of deceased farmers peacefully and honour them by giving them a letter and soil brought from different parts of the country but we were not allowed to go, he said.
patkar said, we are being told that if we go to mandsaur, peace may get disturbed .
we are unable to understand how it will affect peace.
we are not going there for any protest or demonstration, we just wanted to meet the deceased farmers' family, she said.
bhopal: the ambitious narmada seva yatra spearheaded by madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan evoked the participation of bjp national president amit shah on monday.
both, the bjp national president and union power minister piyush goyal participated in the yatra in jabalpur on monday.
the yatra, aimed at galvanising the public for conserving river narmada, which started on december 11, 2016, will culminate on may 15, 2017, with the participation of pm narendra modi.
just like our pm narendra modi has been working for the cause of the environment with a missionary zeal, mp cm shivrajchouhan too, has been making conservation of narmada a public movement, said shah.
he also recounted how narmada river water was linked to several rivers, including sabarmati in gujarat in the past.
you (mp cm) have linked the narmada river into kshipra river.
before, this as cm of gujarat our present pm narendra modi linked narmada river to many rivers in gujarat,  maintained shah.
shah added: we're hopeful that with a bjp government now in up also, the combined leadership of the pm and the up cm will work for purging of river ganga also.
the days are far when the rivers in our country too will be purged like rivers purged in china, sweden, london and the us, said shah.
earlier, addressing the gathering chouhan announced that a massive tree plantation drive will be organised on the banks of river narmada, spanning from river's origin amarkantak in anuppur district to barwani and alirajpur districts.
lakhs of people will plant crores of saplings of trees like neem, pipal and banyan on narmada river on july 2.
he added that the annual agricultural growth rate of mp has been as high as 20  since last four years.
he further announced a slew of measures to keep river narmada clean, spanning from setting up a crematorium to establishing changing rooms for women on narmada river bank.
speaking about sand mining in river narmada, he said that any vehicle now caught mining sand in the river will be confiscated and won't get away merely with payment of the monetary penalty.
aunraag singh byexpress news serviceteary meeting of cong bigwigs who lost pollsmany congress bigwigs lost the november 28 assembly elections in madhya pradesh despite the party bouncing back to power in mp after 15 years.
but the meeting of two high-profile losers of the party in bhopal on thursday attracted attention.
former state congress president arun yadav (who lost to outgoing chief minister shivrajchouhan from budhni seat by more than 59,000 votes) broke into tears while meeting and embracing the outgoing leader of opposition, ajay singh (who lost from churhat seat) outside the latters residence, amid the suspense over who would become the new chief minister prevailing in the neighbouring party headquarters.
before the elections, arun yadav had expressed confidence that he would emerge a giant-killer, asserting the alarming rise of the sand mafia and the vyapam examination scam would prove to be outgoing chief minister shivrajchouhan political waterloo.
war of slogans outside mp congress hqtwo days of suspense over who would be chosen the next cm of madhya pradesh provided the perfect opportunity to supporters of kamal nath and jyotiraditya scindia to not only show their might outside the mp congress state hq, but also get their visuals and sound bytes regularly beamed across the nation through the tv crews stationed in bhopal since the day the results were announced.
right since wednesday afternoon, the supporters of the two leaders, armed with cut-outs of their leaders, were seen raising innovative slogans in support of their leaders.
many a time supporters from both camps tried to shout out each other, ultimately rendering the desired visuals to tv channels throughout the two days.
cong mlas offer to vacate seat for singhwhile congress supporters indulged in unending celebrations outside the mp congress committee headquarters in bhopal right since tuesday, in the immediate neighbourhood, at the house of leader of opposition and senior congress leader ajay singh rahul, the atmosphere was quiet owing to singhs poll loss from churhat in sidhi district.
while singh remained non-committal on his future plans, many newly-elected mlas offered to vacate their newly won seats to enable singh to contest from there.
bjp hope of winning bhopal seats dashedthe victory of two muslim candidates of the congress from seats in bhopal has dealt a body blow to the bjps hopes of winning the votes of muslim women on the issue of triple talaq.
despite fielding a young muslim woman, fatima rasool siddiqui (the daughter of ex-congress legislator rasool ahmad siddiqui), the party lost the bhopal uttar seat to five-time sitting mla and ex-minister arif aqeel by around 35,000 votes.
also, the partys sitting mla, surendranath singh mamma, failed to retain the bhopal madhya seat after losing to congress arif masood by around 15,000 votes.
chaos at press briefingchaos prevailed inside the main conference hall of the mp congress committee headquarters on thursday night during the press briefing by senior congress leaders, including aicc observers bhanwar jitendra singh and ak antony.
while media crews waited in large numbers outside the party hq in bhopal from the evening for the official announcement of who will be the leader, they were allowed inside the hall only after the meeting ended at around 11.
45 pm.
inside the hall, repeated requests by congress leaders to media crews to maintain discipline fell on deaf ears.
several scribes blamed it on mismanagement by those tasked with media management.
the wailing wife of head-constable ramashankar, who was killed by simi terrorists during their escape from central jail, in bhopal on monday | ptinew delhi: the ministry of home affairs (mha) on monday sought a detailed report from the madhya pradesh government on the jailbreak by eight simi men from high-security bhopal central jail and their subsequent encounter killing by the police.
the centre has asked the state government whether there was any lapse by the jail administration and subsequent steps taken by the state government to check such an incidents.
after a request from madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , who briefed union home minister rajnath singh on the incident over phone and requested an nia investigation into the issue, the mha is considering to handover over the probe to the national investigation agency.
meanwhile, the intelligence agencies began a detailed probe to find if the escape of the killed under-trials was part of a larger design to revive and regroup the banned students islamic movement of india (simi) that has suffered major setback with the arrest of top leadership of the outfit by the security agencies in the last couple of years.
sources said the jailbreak happened despite some of the cohorts of the under-trials were meeting them at the bhopal prison at regular intervals.
in fact, the bhopal police were able to zero in on the fleeing simi activities by getting information from these regular visitors to the prison.
this indicates serious lapses on the part of the jail administration who could not read the writing on the wall, sources said.
the sources said many of the jail officials were granted leave for the diwali celebrations and the prison administration even ignored an alert by the centre to heighten security ahead of the festivities.
the central security agencies were particularly anxious as four of the seven simi activities, who escaped from a jail in khandwa on october 1, 2013, could be arrested only after three years and during the period of their hiding, they were involved in multiple incidents of terror and a bank robbery.
while in hiding, the simi men were allegedly involved in terror activities in madhya pradesh, andhra pradesh, karnataka, tamil nadu, maharashtra, uttarakhand and up.
shahdol: a man had to carry the body of his mother-in-law on bicycle for 20 km after failing to get a hearse van or an ambulance in shahdol district.
ram bai (70), who visiting her daughter at kathari in shahdol district, passed away on september 09 after falling sick.
her son-in-law, gore singh, said, we tried to arrange a hearse for carrying her body to her village but it did not come, and no other option was left.
so we carried it on bicycle to amiliha (her native village) for her last rites.
while gore singh manoeuvred the bicycle, his wife walked alongside.
incidentally, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan visited bhatia village in the district today and announced a slew of schemes for the welfare of tribals.
>>man begs to arrange vehicle to take daughter's body home in updistrict officials could not be contacted for comments.
the district's chief medical and health officer (cmho) dr a p dwivedi said, i have just returned after the chief minister's tour and i have no information about the incident.
recently, an incident in odisha where a man had to carry the body of his wife home from hospital as he could not arrange a hearse or ambulance had shocked the country.
congress vice president rahul gandhi talks to media as he is arrested on his way to mandsaur from neemuch to meet the family members of the farmers killed in the recent police firing on thursday.
(pti)bhopal: congress vice-president rahul gandhi who was detained by the madhya pradesh police on thursday, while on his way to violence-hit mandsaur, as he tried to defy barricades to gain entry has been released.
rahul gandhi, along with around 250 congress leaders have been released, sp (neemuch) manoj kumar singh said.
he was also allowed by the administration to meet the families of farmers killed in mandsaur.
after a long struggle, the administration has finally ageed to allow rahul gandhi to meet the families of those who were killed in police firing, former congress mp meenakshi natarajan told reporters outside the guesthouse where scores of congress leaders and workers were being kept.
i condemn this incident.
i only wanted to stand with farmers and want to assure them that the congress party is standing with them.
we demanded from the centre to take strict action against the accused.
we will raise this topic in parliament as well, gandhi told media after meeting with the farmers.
watch videoas crowds swelled outside the guesthouse of a cement company where the congress members were taken, amongst those waiting outside the gates were the families of some of the five killed in the firing in mandsaur on tuesday.
the congress vice-president, while reacting to his detention, said, narendra modi can waive loans of the country's rich but can't do so for farmers.
sdm mandsaur n s rajawat said that the ongoing curfew will be relaxed for women and children from 4 pm to 6 pm in mandsaur.
meanwhile, the shivrajchouhan government earlier in the day transferred the collector and superintendent of police of mandsaur district which witnessed the death of five farmers in police firing.
mandsaur collector swatantra kumar singh is transferred as deputy secretary mantralaya.
singh was replaced with op shrivastava, official sources said.
the government also transferred mandsaur sp, op tripathi and posted manoj kumar singh in place of him, the sources added.
so far 62 persons have been detained in connection with the unrest, state police said.
read: mandsaur situation almost normal, says divisional commissionerthey also added that town inspector of pipliamandi anil singh thakur removed from field duties in connection with the firing.
on the other hand, union minister venkaiah naidu, while dismissing demands for cm shivraj chouhan's resignation, said that congress was using the entire incident as a photo-op.
farmers had yesterday resorted to violence and arson in western madhya pradesh despite prohibitory measures, posing a major challenge for chief minister shivrajchouhan and providing a rallying point for the opposition parties.
watch video:collector singh and superintendent tripathi yesterday turned up at barkheda pant village, located on nh 79, to console one of the deceased's family.
even as they were speaking to the bereaved family, some of the mourners started blaming the collector for the firing and ordered tripathi to remove his cap.
the villagers demanded that inspector anil singh thakur, who allegedly ordered the firing on the agitators, be dismissed, arrested and booked for murder.
the officials tried to speak assuringly but the mood was ugly and someone from the crowd assaulted collector swatantra kumar.
some villagers extricated the latter from the mob and he fled the spot.
swatantra kumar later denied being assaulted.
some anti-social elements vitiated the atmosphere, so we had no option but to make a hasty retreat, he said.
fir has been lodged and some persons were detained in connection with the heckling of kumar.
in view of the volatile situation, the centre had rushed 1,100 personnel of raf to the violence-hit state where the farmers have been agitating for loan waiver and better crop prices.
the chouhan government had sought to cool the tempers by announcing certain measures, including a loan settlement scheme for those cultivators who had defaulted on repayment of farm loan borrowed by them earlier.
the scheme will cover around six lakh farmers, with accumulated dues of rs 6000 crore, according to the government.
read: district magistrates of violence-hit mp districts transferredamong the major incidents till yesterday, farmers had set fire to three trucks and burnt a warehouse in curfew-bound bahi chaupati and pipliya mandi areas.
unconfirmed reports said that mobs pelted stones and attempted arson in suvasra and chandukhedi areas of ujjain.
however, ujjain additional director-general of police v madhu kumar said these were only sporadic incidents.
as per other reports, farmer groups and congress supporters took to the streets yesterday to make the farmer unions' bandh successful.
there were reports of roadblocks and protests from gwalior, sehore, harda, indore, khandwa, bhopal, jhabua and neemuch districts.
policemen in ujjain were attacked, while congress activists stopped trains in dewas district.
in indore, the agitating farmer union rashtriya kisan mazdoor sangh (rkms) demanded the dismissal of shivrajchouhan government and the the imposition of presidents rule.
the congress mp for chhindwara, kamal nath too urged chouhan to quit.
in bhopal, home minister bhupendra singh chaired an emergency meeting with senior police officers, including director-general of police rishi shukla.
shivraj singh chouhan too convened his council of ministers, and talk was that some major announcements would be made to placate farmers.
on the other hand, the rashtriya kisan majdoor sangh, which called a statewide bandh yesterday, held a press conference in indore, where it alleged that not five but eight farmers had died in the police firing.
the unions president shiv narayan sharma kakkaji alleged that policemen deliberately set fire to vehicles to serve as a ruse to open fire on farmers, killing not five but eight of them.
he also announced that the farmers stir, originally slated to go on for 10 days up to june 10, will now continue beyond that date.
ill go to delhi to meet the representatives of 68 farmer bodies.
it will no longer be just a statewide protest, but will be turned into a national movement by farmers.
after june 10 well start a jail bharo andolan, said sharma.
another rkms leader trilok chand said the patidar community would teach a lesson to the bjp government in madhya pradesh.
importantly, there was even the news that hardik patel, the patidar leader from gujarat, was likely to turn up in mandsaur soon.
by iansbhopal: a war of words has broken out between former madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan and the congress government in the state over the proposed temple of goddess sita in sri lanka.
kamal nath-government's officers will conduct a survey in sri lanka to verify whether mata sita was abducted or not.
how ridiculous!
kamal nath-government has hurt the sentiments of crores of people by announcing a probe to examine the fact, which the entire world knows, the bjp leader tweeted.
in 2010, the then shivraj-government had announced to build a sita temple at the site, where raavan held her hostage.
the then state government had also sanctioned rs 1 crore for the temple.
however, no progress was made over the past nine years.
the whole country and the world know that sitaji was held captive in ashok vatika in lanka.
she had to undergo 'agni pareeksha' (trial by fire).
when i had visited sri lanka, i felt that there should be a magnificent temple at the site.
i am shocked that kamal nath government is talking about verifying the facts, he added in another tweet.
responding to chouhan's allegations, state public relations minister pc sharma said that the former cm had visited sri lanka only to gain political mileage.
we couldn't find even a single file that specifies the previous government's efforts to construct the temple, sharma said.
bhopal: even as madhya pradesh slowly limps back to normalcy after a violent agrarian uprising, two farmers reportedly committed suicide in the state over the last 24 hours and a third died under mysterious circumstances.
the total number of farmer suicides reported from the state over the last one week now stands at five.
makhanlal lomwanshi, 65, allegedly committed suicide by hanging from a tree in hoshangabad district.
relatives claimed lomwanshi was under acute depression after having sold his land to settle a loan of `6 lakh that he owed to private money lenders.
the police have registered a case under section 174 of crpc.
meanwhile, a 45-year-old dalit farmer identified as hari singh jatav allegedly committed suicide by consuming poison in shamsabad area of vidisha district.
his kin alleged that faulty measurement of his land by the revenue department patwari on june 11, which resulted in jatav losing land to his brother, triggered the suicide.
officials have denied any irregularity in the measurement process.
an alleged case of suicide, by consuming poison, was also reported from sehore, home district of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
relatives of 52-year-old duli chand claimed he had consumed poison as he was reeling under a debt of rs 8 lakh.
however, block medical officer dr. meharban singh said the postmortem report does not suggest any poisoning or suicide, and its possible the farmer died due to illness.
bhopal: following the incidents of firing in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh in which at least five farmers were killed on tuesday, chief minister shivrajchouhan dropped his plans to visit gwalior and chaired an emergency meeting of the state cabinet here.
after the meeting, he announced a judicial probe into the entire episode and declared a compensation of rs 1 crore to the kin of each of the deceased persons.
its an unfortunate episode and i express heart-felt condolence to the kin of the deceased.
further, the cm also declared a compensation of rs 5 lakh to the injured.
earlier, around 12.
30 am on tuesday, a mob vandalised the railway gate at daloda area of mandsaur and tried to damage the tracks on the ratlam-udaipur section of western railway.
meanwhile, curfew was clamped in pipliya mandi and mandsaur towns of mandsaur district.
with the protestors and anti-social elements allegedly using social media for inciting violence in districts of the ujjain division, internet services were blocked in four districts, including ujjain, neemuch, mandsaur and ratlam, late on monday night.
with most of the deceased persons hailing from the powerful patidar community, the ruling bjp, which has been facing the wrath of the same community in gujarat, is bound to be at the receiving end of the community in the coming local body elections which will possibly be held in july in the state.
the congress which faced a wash-out in the 2013 assembly polls and the 2014 lok sabha polls in the 15 districts of malwa-nimar region, is hoping to stage a comeback in this crucial region of west mp, which was once its citadel.
additional dg of police (adg-ujjain) v madhu kumar, who rushed to mandsaur, told the new indian express that only an autopsy of the victims would reveal who actually opened fire on the protesting farmers.
the remains of bullets found on the bodies will establish who actually fired on the protestors  whether it was the police or anyone else, said kumar.
farmers across the state have been agitating since june 1 demanding cost-based returns for their produce as well as waiver of loans totaling around rs 45,000 crore.
incidents of violence and looting of vehicles carrying essentials and milk were reported from parts of western madhya pradesh, including indore, ujjain, shajapur, agar malwa, ratlam, harda, dhar, jhabua, khargone, mandsaur and neemuch.
meanwhile, ratlam sp amit singh announced a reward of rs 10,000 on ratlam district panchayat vice-chairman and congress leader d p dhakar.
he was allegedly behind the violence in delanpur village, which led to the grievous eye injury of assistant sub-inspector pawan yadav.
dhakar, who is on the run, has been booked under section 307 of the ipc for attempted murder.
some people are doing vote bank politics on this matter which is highly condemnable.
some political leaders cannot recognize the martyrdom of our jawans.
it is painful, he added.
they cannot see ramashankar's sacrifice.
bhopal: in the wake of the uttarkashi bus accident, railway minister suresh prabhu has instructed authorities to arrange a special train bogey to bring bodies to madhya pradesh on chief minister shivraj singh chouhan's request.
earlier, uttarakhand chief minister trivendra singh rawat also announced an ex gratia of rs. 1 lakh each to the next of kin of those killed and rs. 50,000 to the one injured in the accident.
meanwhile, the death toll in the horrific bus accident has risen to 22 and eight other injured are admitted to the hospital.
a bus carrying 29 pilgrims from uttarkashi to gangotri, fell into the river near uttarakhand's dharasu area.
all these people hailed from madhya pradesh.
last reported, a rescue operation was being carried out by the indo tibetan border police (itbp) personnel here.
more details are awaited.
bengaluru: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan on wednesday invited industrialists from it and other sectors in karnataka to invest in that state.
madhya pradesh is organising a two-day global investors meet from october 22.
our policies are also investor-friendly.
i am confident that indore will become the next it hub of india.
people have come and more are coming, he said.
he also said that after prime minister narendra modi announced the make in india campaign, there is healthy competition among states, which is a good sign.
within six months after i took charge as cm, dacoits were either killed or sent to jail.
now there is no such menace.
even the notorious chambal valley has become an industrial hub now.
one can come forward to invest without any fear, he said.
indore: congress general secretary digvijay singh today suggested ipl organisers do away with cheerleaders and play tunes in praise of lord rama instead during t20 matches.
singh said madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan did not want to give entertainment tax exemption to three ipl matches to be played in indore next month as he was averse to the idea of cheerleaders in the popular t20 tournament.
what exactly is the problem in exempting ipl matches from entertainment tax?
i have been told that cm shivrajchouhan was averse to the idea of cheerleaders in the ipl, he told reporters.
in this connection, i have a suggestion.
.
.
tunes praising lord rama should be played when fours and sixes are hit and wickets fall instead of roping in cheerleaders, he said.
considering the craze for cricket, the entertainment tax should be relaxed, singh said.
three ipl matches will be played at holkar stadium here on april 8, 10 and 20.
kozhikode: the three-day national council meet of bjp began here today with general secretaries, office bearers and key state leaders holding discussions to give final shape to a comprehensive pro-poor agenda of the party and the future strategy to deal with pakistan in the wake of uri terror attack.
bjp president amit shah is chairing the meeting attended by top party leaders from across the country.
the leaders have insisted that their ideologue deen payal upadhyay's concept of 'antyodaya' (uplift of the last man) will be key to their deliberations which will also touch on the uri terror attack, that left 18 army men dead, the kashmir unrest and other germane issues like state polls scheduled for next year and the gst.
the party is expected to articulate its 'garib kalyan' agenda to reach out to the mariginalised like dalits and obcs ahead of next year's crucial state polls, including in uttar pradesh.
this is upadhyay's birth centenary year and his 100th birth anniversary falls on september 25.
prime minister narendra modi will also arrive here on saturday and will address a public meeting, his first such address after the attack in uri.
he will address the party's national council on sunday.
party leaders and cadres expect him to speak on uri attack as the saffron outfit has been under fire over repeated incidents of pakistani terrorists targeting defence facilities, more so as modi had often flayed the upa government over its alleged soft attitude to pakistan in the face of terror incidents.
the uri attack has forced the party to recalibrate its agenda for the council, likely to be attended by over 1,700 delegates, including all its chief ministers, all its union ministers and top brass from all states.
in its bid to woo the poor, dalits and marginalised sections in society, the bjp is of the view that effective implementation of the agenda can help it reach out to them, as it is facing flak over dalit issues from opposition parties.
the party is likely to use the occasion to reprise the poor-centric ideology of upadhyay, who was elected its president in 1967 at the same venue.
the party had earlier formed a committee under the leadership of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan to prepare a 'garib kalyan' (welfare of poor) agenda under which its state governments will be asked to achieve certain key objectives in various welfare schemes.
modi on september 25 will inaugurate upadhyay's birth centenary celebrations which will go on for over a year.
the party leadership is also expected to deliberate over assembly polls in several states scheduled for early next year, including in the crucial state of uttar pradesh.
bjp has been out of power in uttar pradesh for over 14 years and shah has claimed that it will make a come back with two-third majority by trouncing formidable regional rivals like samajwadi party and bsp.
the meet will also focus on increased cases of violence against bjp cadres and those of its ideological mentor rss in left-ruled kerala.
bjp leadership has blamed cpi(m) for these incidents.
bhopal: amid raging protests by farmers spiralling across madhya pradeshs mandsaur district, state agriculture minister gauri shankar bisen on saturday categorically refused to provide any relief, saying the government has already been providing interest free loans and hence theres no need for a waiver.
there is no chance of a loan waiver because when i became the minister in 2008, i promised to provide loans at three percent.
and next year we provided loans at one percent interest and thereafter loans were distributed at zero percent.
when we did not impose any interests on loan, how can it be waived off?
i am never in favour of complete loan waiver.
not then, not now, bisen told ani.
he further said that the farming sector under the leadership of chief minister shivrajchouhan has been growing well.
with the support of farmers, our government achieved 20 percent growth rate in the agriculture sector and the same has been maintained for the last five years, bisen added.
watch video:the minister accused the congress party for using the farmers agitation for political gains.
the farmers of the state are being misguided by the congress party.
they are trying to add fuel to the fire.
the party is using this agitation for their political gain, he said.
meanwhile, chouhan has begun an indefinite hunger strike for peace at the dussera maidan to restore the prevailing tense situation.
on thursday, two companies of rapid action force (raf), comprising around 100 men, were deployed in violence-hit mandsaur district.
farmers in madhya pradesh are demanding better prices for their produce and also a waiver on loan repayments.
however the protest turned violent after five farmers were killed on june 6 in a police firing in mandsaur.
the violent protest has later spread to neighbouring districts of neemuch, indore, khargone, ujjain, shahjanhanpur, sehore, raisen and harda in the last few days.
bhopal: bjp today retained shahdol (st) lok sabha seat with its candidate and madhya pradesh minister gyan singh defeating congress rival himadri singh by a margin of 60,383 votes in the by-election.
gyan singh bagged 4,81,398 votes while his congress rival polled 4,21,015 ballots, an election official said.
however, the bjp's victory margin in shahdol has been substantially reduced from 2,41,301 in the 2014 general election to 60,383 this year.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan had frequented shahdol to ensure that bjp retains the seat as he did not want to give any chance to his rivals to attack him, given that his party had failed to retain the ratlam-jhabua lok sabha seat by-poll in november last year.
congress had fielded himadri singh, daughter of former union minister dalbir singh and ex-mp rajesh nandini singh from shahdol lok sabha seat.
however, bjp nominated senior minister in the cabinet and tribal leader gyan singh from the reserved seat.
he had also won the seat earlier in 1996 and 1998.
a total of 17 candidates were in the fray for the shahdol by-poll.
the shahdol ls seat by-election was necessitated due to death of sitting bjp mp dalpat singh paraste.
new delhi: delhi's deputy chief minister manish sisodia, speaking in the delhi legislative assembly, on monday said the central government is trying to destabilise the delhi government.
the opposition, however, countered the claim, saying the delhi government has chosen a path of confrontation.
like arunachal pradesh and uttarakhand, the central government is consistently trying to run delhi indirectly like a president-ruled state, sisodia said during a short duration discussion on the situation arising out of the august 4 judgement by the delhi high court in the matter related to governance of delhi.
sisodia added that delhiites had chosen this government and its work is being praised around the world.
we might be children in politics but if you (centre) will obstruct our work and stop us from delivering on our promises, we will not spare you, sisodia said.
leader of opposition vijendra gupta countered sisodia, saying the delhi government is doing politics of confrontation and wants to continue it.
sisodia also took a jibe at madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan for being carried by two police officials while inspecting a flood situation in his state.
the photograph went viral, attracting trolling of chouhan.
bhopal: one hand on the tractor wheel and the other on the phone ready to tweet  that was the informal instruction spread amongst protesters here, many of them youngsters who defy the stereotypical image of the traditional indian farmer.
despite the lack of a central leadership, the farmers movement spread rapidly through mandsaur and nearby districts through the canny use of photos, videos and texts on social media platforms.
so much so, that authorities have suspended internet services in the area.
according to police officials in mandsaur, the centre of the protests, around 80 per cent of the protesters fall in the 16-30 age group.
theey are tech savvy, own smartphones and have been using facebook, twitter and whatsapp to spread information andmobilise people for the protests.
this is the first time in the history of the state that a movement like this was built through these internet tools.
we had appealed to farmers to reach out to the masses using such platforms, said kedar sirohi, leader of the aam kisan union, a farmer organisation.
our message to farmers was to keep one hand on the tractor steering wheel and the other on the phone to send tweets, he said.
the lack of a central leadership left the government in a fix as they did not know exactly who to negotiate with.
the june 4 meeting between chief minister shivrajchouhan and the rss-affiliated bharatiya kisan sangh (bks) and another farmer body, the kisan sena, was a case in point.
however, the protests by the farmers, who are demanding a loan waiver and satisfactory prices for their produce, raged on.
the movement turned violent two days later when five persons died in police firing on june 6 in mandsaur.
one more farmer died on june 8 with villagers alleging that he was beaten up by police.
the mandsaur-neemuch region, about 300 km from bhopal, became the nerve centre of the gathering storm of farmer distress.
later, protests spread to some other parts of the state.
the farmers had first declared that the protests would last from june 1 to june 10.
but after the deaths, we are not going to set any end date for it, sirohi said.
by anibhopal: madhya pradesh law minister pc sharma on tuesday called the letter written by state forest minister umang singhar against senior congress leader digvijaya singh a publicity stunt.
sharma's reaction came after singhar writes to congress interim president sonia gandhi accusing digvijaya singh of trying to destabilise chief minister kamal nath-led government in madhya pradesh.
speaking to ani, sharma said, he (umang singhar) has done all this to gain publicity in the media.
as he was losing popularity in politics.
he thought let's blame some big minister and gain some publicity.
praising kamal nath for his governance in madhya pradesh, he said asserted that all the cabinet ministers in the state are in support of the chief minister.
sharma also said that singhar should have approached kamal nath first instead of directly approaching to the congress chief.
if he wanted to write some letter he should have written it to the chief minister first.
if he would not have been able to solve it then, he could have written to it to somebody else.
but now what has happened is not at all right, he said.
also read | digvijaya singh running the congress government from behind curtains, says mp ministerin the letter, singhar alleged that digvijaya singh was trying to destabilise the kamal nath government and establishing himself as a power centre.
i am writing to you with a lot of pain to inform you that senior party leader and mp (singh) is trying to destabilise the kamal nath government and trying to establish himself as a power centre, he wrote.
the minister further said, he is continuously writing letters to chief minister kamal nath and his cabinet colleagues and making it viral on social media.
these letters often become an issue for the opposition which tries to unsuccessfully take on the government.
he also alleged that singh, a former chief minister, was interfering in the government functioning and was trying to run the government behind curtains.
singhar further said that former chief minister shivrajchouhan and opposition leader gopal bhargava have also been saying that the government was being run by digvijaya singh.
an unprecedented constitutional crisis has arisen in the state.
new delhi: the indian economy will see an over three-fold expansion at usd 7.
25 trillion by 2030 and clock an average growth rate of 8 per cent over the next 15 years, niti aayog vice chairman arvind panagariya said today.
in a presentation made at its governing council meeting -- chaired by prime minister narendra modi and attended by 28 state chief ministers -- here today, the government think-tank projected the size of the indian economy.
our base gdp is large.
if we grow at an 8 per cent average rate for the next 15 years, our gdp will be rs 469 lakh crore by 2030 (around usd 7.
25 trillion), panagariya told reporters.
the country's gdp stood at around usd 2.
11 trillion in 2015-16, he said.
he was briefing the media after the meeting about the aayog's detailed presentation on a 15-year vision, 7-year strategy and 3-year action plan for the country.
when asked whether the aayog has given up hopes of double-digit growth, he said, we could grow at 8 per cent in rupee and 10 per cent in dollar terms.
elaborating further on this, niti aayog ceo amitabh kant said this is an average growth rate as it could not be the same in all years.
panagariya explained, (in my presentation) i said in 1999-2000, we were rs 46 lakh crore (economy) at 2015-16 prices.
we added rs 91 lakh crore to this by 2015-16.
we came to rs 137 lakh crore by 2015-16.
.
.
a little lower than usd 2.
1 trillion.
on the prime minister's pitch for having simultaneous elections and changing the financial year from april-march to january-december, panagariya said the prime minister has said it is good to change the financial year to january-december because it coincides with harvest season and is good from farmers' perspective.
he said the prime minister has asked the states to think about changing of financial year to january-december.
on these matters, kant said, these were the suggestions made by the prime minister.
one was simultaneous elections and other was financial year.
we are a very large country.
states also matter.
they need to give their inputs.
on state's performance, the niti aayog ceo said there are 100 districts in the country which have not performed well on various parameters in the area of health, education, electricity.
if these 100 districts' performance can be improved then the country can progress well, he added.
at the third meeting of the aayog's governing council today, kant also apprised the gathering about the work done by niti for transforming the economy and cooperation with states in the sectors of education, health, infrastructure etc.
he also asked the states to treat niti as their outpost in delhi.
panagariya gave an outline of the draft action agenda, prepared with inputs from the states, which was circulated at the meeting.
in his presentation, he put forth over 300 specific action points that had been identified, covering the whole gamut of sectors.
the period of the action agenda coincided with the period of the 14th finance commission's award.
this gave stability to the funding estimates of both the centre and states.
he solicited the inputs and support of the states in taking the vision forward.
revenue secretary hasmukh adhia made a presentation on the goods and services tax (gst), explaining the benefits of the system and the way forward.
he urged the chief ministers to expedite the enactment of state gst act (s-gst).
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan made a presentation on how to double farmers' income.
he touched upon areas such as irrigation, technology generation and dissemination, policy and market reforms, e-nam, livestock productivity etc.
niti aayog's member-agriculture ramesh chand also elaborated on some of the steps needed for doubling farmers' income and spoke of the various elements of the pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana, such as 'accelerated irrigation benefits programme', 'har khet ko pani', and 'per drop, more crop'.
the niti aayog's document titled india 2031-32: vision, strategy and action plan says new india awaits two wheeler or car, air conditioner and white goods for nearly all.
according to panagariya's presentation, india's per capita gdp will rise by rs 2 lakh in 2031-32 from 2015-16.
india's per capita gdp is currently rs 1,06,589 and will reach rs 3,14,776 in 2031-32, it added.
india's urban population will rise by 22 crore in 2031-32 to 60 crore from 2011's figure of 37.
7 crore.
central and state expenditure will rise by rs 92 lakh crore in 2031-32 to rs 130 lakh crore from rs 38 lakh crore in 2015-16.
he (ramashankar yadav) tried to stop the terrorists from escaping and sacrificed his life.
he sacrificed his life while fulfilling his duties.
his daughters marriage is in december.
his daughter is now the daughter of the entire nation.
i dont know what sort of political mudslinging has begun.
few leaders of our nation cannot see the martyrdom of our soldiers.
they cannot see the sacrifice of ramashankar yadav.
they are the ones who murdered shiv prasad kushwaha.
they killed sitaram yadav in khandwa.
some people are doing vote bank politics on this matter which is highly condemnable.
one must refrain from doing this, he added.
meanwhile, minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju came to the rescue of madhya pradesh cm shivrajchouhan saying one cannot raise alarm bell merely on the basis of a clip or some kind of papers.
rijiju while speaking to the media on tuesday said, first of all we should stop this habit of raising doubt, questioning the authorities and the police.
this is not a good culture, said rijiju.
earlier in the day, madhya pradesh jail minister kusum mehdele while admitting to the security lapses in the central jail said, i accept there are lapses on our part.
some cctvs in the jail may not be working.
mehdele further said that she was unaware of the incident as she was not present in the jail premises at that point of time.
she added, you should praise us for killing the accused even though they escaped.
.
.
they were stopped from carrying out more dangerous acts.
a blocked road after violent clashes broke out between farmers and the police at pipliya in mandsaur district on tuesday.
at least five farmers were killed and three others injured | ptimandsaur (mp): farmers demanding debt relief and better crop prices today heckled mandsaur collector when he tried to pacify them, a day after five persons were killed in violence during their agitation here.
also, former mp from mandsaur, meenakshi natarajan, was detained when she was on her way to meet the family members of the deceased.
farmers in western madhya pradesh are protesting since june 1 demanding higher minimum support prices (msp) for their produce, among others.
watch video:five persons were yesterday killed as the farmers' agitation turned violent, prompting the authorities to clamp curfew in the trouble-hit area.
according to eyewitnesses, the protesting farmers had torched vehicles and indulged in stone pelting in parshvanath area under pipaliya mandi police station limits.
curfew remained in force in pipalya mandi police station area of the district and mandsaur town, while prohibitory orders restricting movement under section 144 of crpc are also imposed in the rest of the district.
farmers in large numbers blocked a road today in berkheda panth area, around 18 kms from here.
when mandsaur collector s k singh and superintendent of police omprakash tripathi reached the spot to mollify the protesters, the farmers allegedly manhandled the administrative officer.
when the protesters started misbehaving and pushing the collector, we made way for him to come out safe, berkheda panth's sarpanch dinesh told pti.
ujjain range inspector general of police v madhukumar, who is camping in mandsaur, told pti over the phone: i have also come to know that something happened with the collector.
but i exactly do not know what happened.
when contacted for his reaction, the collector refused to comment on the incident.
asked if the police will take action against those who misbehaved with him, the district magistrate said, it was the law-enforcers' job.
the ig, meanwhile, said that the mortal remains of the five persons who died yesterday were cremated this morning.
he said the situation in mandsaur was under control.
meanwhile, former mp and congress leader meenakshi natarajan was stopped and detained at nahargarh when she was on her way to meet the family members of the deceased.
however, other congress leaders are on their way to mandsaur to meet the kin of the deceased.
the madhya pradesh bandh called by the congress today affected some western parts of the state, but petrol pumps, markets and other establishments remained open in bhopal.
the district collector had yesterday said the police categorically told him that they did not open fire at the protesters.
after the incident, chief minister shivrajchouhan , in his tweet, had blamed the opposition party for instigating violence.
according to the collector, a magisterial inquiry has been ordered in yesterday's incident.
mobile and internet services have been suspended in mandsaur, ratlam and neemuch districts to check the spread of rumours.
new delhi: prime minister narendra modi on sunday chaired the third meeting of niti aayog's governing council, wherein action taken on decisions of the earlier two meetings will be discussed in detail.
niti aayogs vice-chairman arvind panagariya will present a roadmap for the rapid transformation of india by outlining key aspects of the 15-year vision document, comprising the seven-year strategy document and the three-year action plan.
a presentation on the roadmap of doubling farmers income will be made by madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
the day-long meeting will be attended by chief ministers of different states among others.
in a series of tweets, prime minister said that he is looking forward to the wide ranging discussions on key policy.
i look forward to hearing from the state chief ministers on their unique developmental efforts to transform india.
states have carried out reforms in many areas and the meeting is an opportunity to learn best practices from each other, prime minister modi said in a series of tweet.
the @nitiaayog vice chairman will speak about the way ahead for indias rapid transformation.
there will also be a presentation on the gst, he added.
praising madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , prime minister modi said, cm @chouhanshivraj, who has revolutionised agriculture sector in mp, will share a presentation on the roadmap to double income of farmers.
the first meeting of the governing council had laid down the key mandates of niti aayog like fostering cooperative federalism by addressing national issues through mutual cooperation between the centre and states and monitoring important central schemes.
the second meeting had outlined the substantial progress made by the three sub-groups of chief ministers and the two task forces one on elimination of poverty and other on agriculture development.
bhopal: rattled by violence during farmers' stir at mandsaur, the madhya pradesh government today announced a crop-loan settlement scheme which proposes waiving of interests for those cultivators who have defaulted.
while the protesting farmers have been demanding a complete loan-waiver, state's women and child development minister archana chitnis said the government is contemplating a formula wherein it may waive interest on crop loans.
we are working on a formula.
this is not a loan-waiver scheme but interest is likely to be waived.
we would come out with details later, chitnis said.
the scheme will cover those farmers who have defaulted on loans, she said, adding there around 6 lakh such cultivators, and their accumulated dues are rs 6,000 crore.
state government provides agricultural loan at a 10 per cent rebate, which means the farmers have to return 90 per cent of the (loan) amount.
the loan settlement scheme is meant for 30 per cent farmers, about 6 lakh in number, who have failed to repay this loan within stipulated time, the minister said.
yesterday, five persons were killed in violence in mandsaur district during the stir, following which curfew was imposed in pipalya mandi police station area and section 144 of crpc in rest of the district.
state agriculture cabinet has also decided to set up agricultural costs and marketing commission to ensure better prices of the farm produce vis--vis cost of crops, chitnis told reporters after attending the agriculture cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
the government had formed the krishi (agriculture) cabinet, with an objective to work in an integrated manner on matters relating to agriculture, which is chaired by the chief minister.
chitnis said the commission would regularly analyse the per hectare/acre cost of crops and ensure that farmers benefit from the market price for their produce.
a complete loan-waiver is among the prominent demands raised by farmers in western madhya pradesh who launched the stir on june 1.
another demand is a higher minimum support prices (msp) for crops.
the minister said the purchase of moong, tur and urad would begin at their support prices from june 10.
besides, the government will set up a rs 1000-crore price stabilisation fund to purchase the farm produce at the msp.
farmers would be paid 50 per cent of the crop sale amount in cash and the rest would be transferred in their bank account through rtgs, chitnis said.
the government would also develop a mobile application- cum-network to disseminate information about exact crop acreage and the market price for agri produce.
based on this information, farmers can take informed decisions about selection of crop, she added.
the mp kisan sena (mpks), which was spearheading the stir, announced on sunday that it was calling it off hours after chief minister shivrajchouhan had held talks with the protesting farmers in ujjain district.
rss-affiliated bharatiya kisan sangh's kshetriya sangathan mantri shivkant dixit had said farmers had decided to withdraw their stir saying the cm has agreed to most of their demands.
according to reports, groups like rashtriya kisan mazdoor sangh (rkms) and the bhartiya kisan union (bku) are also part of the protests.
ryots from tamil nadu protest, demanding that the government waive all farm loans, at chepauk, chennai, on friday.
(ashwin prasath | eps)bhopal: the violent agrarian agitation in madhya pradesh, which was largely confined to the western districts, spread to sehore, hometown of chief minister shivrajchouhan , on friday.
sehore is barely 30 km from the state capital bhopal.
meanwhile, a farmer, who was in police custody, died at a hospital, allegedly due to torture, and another reportedly committed suicide due to mounting loans.
kishan lal meena, 45, allegedly killed himself by consuming celphos  a commonly-used pesticide  on thursday.
kishan, a native of sagonia village in raisen district, told his family before dying that he had taken the extreme step of consuming pesticide due to mounting loans and electricity dues worth around `17 lakh.
kishans family told police officials he was under pressure to repay the loans, including `10 lakh he had taken from a bank, `5 lakh from money lenders and outstanding power dues worth `2 lakh.
he was under pressure due to constant threats from moneylenders and his inability to get his three daughters married, they claimed.
over the last 16 years, over 20,000 farmers committed suicide in the state over a variety of reasons, according to government data.
between feb 2016 and 2017, 1,982 farmers and farm labourers took their lives.
meanwhile, 32-year-old ryot ghanshyam dhakad, who was brought to indores my hospital by police late on thursday night, died hours later.
the farmers kin reached the hospital from mandsaur on friday morning, where his wife attempted to commit suicide.
the victims family alleged he was detained by police in daldoa-sapra village during the agitation on thursday and beat brutally in custody.
it was due to police torture that ghanshyam died, they alleged.
when ghanshyam was brought by the mandsaur police to the hospital in indore at around 10.
30 pm on thursday, he was vomiting.
he died around 11.
15 pm.
only postmortem will establish what actually happened to him said city sp pawan mishra.
senior police officials in mandsaur district remained tight-lipped as the death toll in the agitation climbed to 6.
earlier on june 6, five agitating farmers were killed in police firing in the same district.
new delhi: niti aayog today came out with 300 specific action points for accelerating the economic growth of the country at its governing council meet here.
these action points formed part of a presentation made by niti aayog vice chairman arvind panagariya at the third meeting of the council held under the chairmanship of prime minister narendra modi.
however, no specific details about the action plan were available.
the action points are part of the presentation on a 15- year long-term vision accompanied by a 7-year strategy and a 3-year action agenda, an official statement said.
panagariya, the statement said, gave an outline of the draft action agenda circulated at the meeting, which had been prepared with inputs from the states.
he noted that there were over 300 specific action points that had been identified, covering a whole gamut of sectors.
the period of the 'action agenda' coincides with the period of the 14th finance commission's award and will give stability to the funding estimates of both the centre and states.
panagariya also solicited the inputs and support of the states in taking the vision forward.
speaking on the occasion, niti aayog ceo amitabh kant apprised the gathering of the work done by the think tank for transforming the economy and cooperation with states in the sectors of education, health, infrastructure etc.
he also spoke about the work done by the sub-groups of chief ministers on rationalisation of centrally sponsored schemes, swachh bharat and skill development.
kant outlined initiatives taken in areas such as agriculture, poverty elimination, health, education, digital payments, disinvestment, coastal zone and island development etc.
he said that niti will work with states to improve basic services and infrastructure, in districts and regions which require specific attention.
reiterating the niti's resolve to facilitate partnership with the states for transforming india under the framework of cooperative and competitive federalism, kant said the states should treat niti aayog as their outpost in delhi.
the aayog, the statement said, is working on a platform for sharing best practices to strengthen the learning ecosystem.
it has partnered with a large number of top ranking institutions for knowledge sharing and ideation to nurture evidence-based policy making, the statement added.
revenue secretary hasmukh adhia, who made a presentation on gst, urged the chief ministers to expedite the enactment of state gst act.
also speaking on the occasion, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan touched upon areas such as irrigation, technology generation and dissemination, policy and market reforms, e-nam, livestock productivity etc.
niti aayog member-agriculture ramesh chand elaborated on some of the steps needed for doubling farmers' income.
