bhopal: chief minister shivrajchouhan met speaker sitasharan sharma at the latter's official residence on saturday morning and held a long discussion.
when asked about the meeting, speaker sharma told reporters, it was about strengthening the democratic system.
it has always been my priority to see that credible work is done in the state assembly and legislators are satisfied with the replies from the government.
the meeting between the chief minister and speaker were about dissatisfied mlas and their continuous complaints in the assembly that officials do not give correct information about ground realities in answer to the questions asked.
the meeting came directly before the chief minister's meeting with principal secretaries of departments in the state secretariat.
during every session in the state assembly, mlas have been alleging that government officials keep ministers in the dark and do not give correct answers to queries raised during the question hour.
former ministers of the erstwhile digvijaya singh government and senior mlas like mahendra singh kalukheda and dr govind singh have on record alleged that even when they write letters to bureaucrats, even a receipt and acknowledgement do not come.
last year, speaker sharma's office had written to the state government and advised that letters of legislators should get replies from the administration.
but mlas continued to complain of bureaucratic indifference.
bhopal: a wedding ceremony organised in bhopal on monday turned out to be memorable for around 100 especially-abled children and youths .
the city-based doctor had invited these children from various shelter homes to be a part of his marriage function .
chief minister shivrajchouhan also took part in the baraat with these children.
chandresh shukla, a dentist, tied the knots with dr devashree shukla.
i wanted to make the day special for these children.
i think my marriage was the best occasion to live the dream, said dr shukla.
the ceremony took place at a private hotel in the city.
the kids, aged between 3-18 years, were invited to the ceremony and were treated to a feast.
the event became alive as the vibrant kids danced to the tune of the dhol.
the sheer joy reflecting on their innocent faces was unbelievable, a guest said.
during the marriage, some of the children also took part in a painting competition.
we enjoyed a lot.
it's good to see such people who are sensitive about us, a participating child said.
the newly-wed couples also distributed gifts to them after lunch.
another participant said: i have never seen a marriage function like this.
we have enjoyed all the time.
the children are supposed to be happy and chirpy.
our aim was to put a smile on their faces which ultimately motivates them to grow as individuals.
he also congratulated the new couple for sharing their joy with these children.
chandresh shukla, who is also the vice-president of the dental council of india's mp unit, joined the children in their 'pursuit of happiness' amid his wedding processions.
raghvendra sharma, chairman, child rights panel, said, such way of enjoying the wedding ceremony gives you a different feeling.
he has set an example for others in society.
minister of state for micro, small and medium enterprises sanjay pathak and the relatives of the groom and bride were present on the occasion.
