press trust of india, bhopal, jun 6 2017, 19:38 istthree persons were killed and two others injured today as violence broke out during an ongoing farmers' agitation in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh, prompting the authorities to clamp curfew in the trouble-hit area.
some eyewitnesses alleged that the victims suffered bullet wounds but district authorities denied that there was any firing by police on the protesters, who went on a rampage.
a magisterial inquiry has been ordered into the deaths, mandsaur collector s k singh told pti, adding that police categorically told him that they didn't fire at the protesters.
the deceased were identified as kanhaiyalal patidar, bablu patidar and prem singh patidar, curfew has been imposed in pipalya mandi police station area of the district where the incident took place, while prohibitory orders restricting movement under section 144 of crpc have been imposed in rest of the district.
police have told me that neither did they fire nor did they have any orders to fire, singh added.
farmers in western madhya pradesh are protesting since june 1, demanding higher minimum support prices among other things.
in-camera autopsy of bodies was going on and the cause of death will be known after it, the collector said, adding that families of the deceased will get financial aid.
according to eyewitnesses, protesting farmers torched vehicles and indulged in stone pelting in parshvanath area under pipaliya mandi police station limits.
meanwhile, the leader of opposition in the assembly, ajay singh, demanded the resignation of chief minister shivrajchouhan , it is a shameful incident for a chief minister who claims to be a farmer's son.
all the claims of the chief minister have proved false so far.
now the government is using bullets to suppress farmers' voice.
chouhan should resign immediately, the congress leader said.
the main opposition pary also constituted a committee of mlas to investigate the mandsaur firing incident.
singh and state congress chief arun yadav would visit mandsaur tomorrow.
senior congress leader and mp jyotiraditya scindia also condemned the incident.
the bjp government dealt with the agitation through bullets instead of talks, he said.
this is a black day in the history of state.
it is shameful that the state government is crushing farmers' agitation.
farmers' demands are genuine, scindia added.
trouble was reported from many parts of western madhya pradesh as farmers' stir continued for the sixth day today.
in indore, police used lathi charge following stone- pelting during a march by farmers.
a police officer said that people taking part in the march started throwing stones at the police near devi ahilyabai fruits and vegetable market, which led to lathicharge.
mp: farmers asked to cut crops for pm's event, bjp deniessehore (mp), feb 10, 2016 (pti) 16:08 istfarmers in sherpur village here have alleged that they have been asked to cut their standing crops prematurely to make way for people to reach the venue where prime minister narendra modi is expected to be felicitated for his new crop insurance scheme on february 18.
however, the bjp has denied the allegation.
an official yesterday asked me to chop down my green blade and this will inflict lakhs of rupees loss to me, farmer suresh parmar (45) of sherpur village alleged while talking to pti today.
i am going to be left in penury, he rued.
parmar's brothers dashrath parmar and rajesh parmar said that the family owns more than five acres of agriculture land on which they had sown wheat.
we have laboured hard and were waiting to reap the crop, but the authorities have asked us to chop it off when it is not yet ripe, they alleged.
denying the allegations of the farmers, bjp vice president vinay sahastrabuddhe today said, nobody's crop has been damaged.
he was asked to comment on the government officials' alleged diktat to some farmers to slaughter their green blade.
madhya pradesh farmers welfare minister gourishanker bisen had told reporters yesterday that no farmer has been asked to chop off his crop.
modi's felicitation is scheduled in sehore, the home district of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , on february 18.
ls proceedings washed out on opening daynew delhi, jul 22, 2015, (pti) 18:13 istparliament today saw a washout as the opposition aggressively pressed for ouster of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, as also madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , rejecting the government's offer for a debate.
both houses saw strong demands for resignation of swaraj and raje for their dealings with lalit modi, former ipl chairman who is being investigated by ed in an alleged money laundering case.
there were also demands for chouhan's resignation in connection with the vyapam scam.
while rajya sabha failed to transact any business for the second straight day due to the uproar, lok sabha was paralysed on the first working day of the monsoon session.
both houses were adjourned for the day, minutes past 2 pm.
in the upper house, as soon as obituary references were made, several opposition parties, including the congress, bsp and the left, insisted that no debate was possible without the resignation of swaraj, raje and chouhan.
satish chandra misra (bsp), naresh agarwal (sp), tapan kumar sen (cpi-m) and d raja (cpi) said they had given notices under rule 267 to suspend business to take up discussion on lalit modi issue and vyapam scams.
defending swaraj, leader of the house and finance minister arun jaitley asked the opposition to point out one provision of the law which she has violated in allegedly trying to help lalit modi.
jaitley, while insisting on a discussion, hit back at congress by referring to allegations of financial irregularties against its chief ministers in himachal chief minister, pudducherry and kerala.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad suggested that some members who had given adjournment notice should be allowed to speak, prompting jaitley to protest and ask whether such a practice could be allowed everyday.
jaitley accused the opposition of doing politics of slogan-shouting.
there has been enough of politics of slogan-shouting.
you start with the debate.
the house will not allow slogan-shouting, the bjp leader said.
mayawati (bsp) attacked prime minister narendra modi saying the episode had exposed those who had claimed that na khaoonga, na khane doonga (i will neither take bribe nor will i allow anyone to take it.
amid protests by bjp members, she demanded an impartial cbi probe and resignation of chouhan.
sharad yadav (jd-u) said the ministers whose names have cropped up in the controversies should resign, contending that they will emerge stronger after the probe clears their names.
to emphasise his point, he cited the resignation by him and bjp leader l k advani after their names cropped up in the jain hawala case in 1990s, till their names were cleared.
rajeev shukla (cong), who is ipl chairman at present, said the lalit modi issue was serious enough as it concerned corruption and the concerned ministers should resign.
on the vyapam scam, jaitley said it was squarely a state issue and if the opposition wanted to change rule to discuss state issues and set up new precedents, then issues ranging from kerala, himachal pradesh, assam and goa should also be discussed.
so we will be fair to all states.
he added, if they want to discuss the issue relating to sushma swaraj, please start the discussion right now.
sitaram yechury (cpi-m) however asserted that vyapam issue was not just restricted to one state as people linked to it had died even outside madhya pradesh under mysterious circumstances.
the verbal clash continued whenever the house met after adjournments, leading to further adjournments.
same was the scene in lok sabha, which had its first working day today as it was adjourned yesterday immediately after convening as a mark of tribute to a sitting member who passed away recently.
it was repeatedly disrupted ever since it met for the day as members of congress and left kept storming the well with placards despite speaker sumitra mahajan's warning of disciplinary action.
the placards read 'bade modi meherban, to chhote modi pehelwan' (a hindi idiom meaning that a small person is strong if supported by a powerful person) and 'pm chuppi todo' (pm, break your silence), modi ji 56 inch dikhao, sushma, raje ko turant hatao (show your 56 inch chest by removing swaraj and raje).
rjd and ncp members were seen supporting them.
swaraj was sitting in the front row along with home minister rajnath singh and transport minister nitin gadkari.
congress members were also sporting black badges on their arms to register their protests and continued wearing them and carrying placards despite speaker's warning against doing so.
trs members also contributed to the uproar by raising the demand for a separate high court for telangana.
at present, andhra pradesh and telangana share the same high court, two years after the bifurcation.
mahajan disapproved of the action of the protesting members and warned that in the event of disorderly conduct, i would be constrained to initiate appropriate disciplinary action against erring members.
she said she has always provided adequate opportunity to all sections of the house to raise matters of topical interest and hoped that all the members would adhere to the set norms of etiquette and standards of behaviour.
this added fuel to the fire and immediately congress and left members again stormed the well while those from the trs trooped into the well in support of their demand for a separate high court for telangana.
this forced the speaker to adjourn the house for two hours, a few minutes after noon.
the house witnessed similar scenes when it met at 2 pm, when deputy speaker m thambidurai adjourned the house for the day.
the only work done was the green signal given to a motion seeking extension of the term of the joint committee of parliament on land acquisition bill.
ajith athrady new delhi: july 29, 2015, dhns 0:31 istcentre looks to avoid overlapping of schemesto avoid overlapping of several hilly area development programmes, the niti ayog subcommittee comprising chief ministers of 11 states has decided to scrap western ghats development programme (wgdp).
the sub-committee, which is likely to reduce the centrally sponsored scheme (css) to 30 from existing 72, decided to junk wgdp as part of rationalisation of centre-funded programme, a senior official in the niti ayog told deccan herald.
the panel has finalised its recommendations and will submit its report to niti ayog chairman prime minister narendra modi soon.
the rationalisation of css is important as the centre has decided to raise the states share in taxes to 42 per cent from 32 per cent.
while scrapping the wgdp, the panel will give liberty to states to take up development programme on their own with allocated funds, the official said.
though central funding stopped for the wgdp, the states are free to take up development in the hilly areas on their own as per requirement, the official clarified.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , who is convener of the sub-committee, recently decided to reduce the number of css and said only important schemes will be retained while the decision to continue others was left to the states discretion.
the sub-group on css has chief ministers of 11 states, including rajasthan, nagaland, manipur, jharkhand, kerala, jammu & kashmir and arunachal pradesh.
the wgdp was launched in 1974 as part of a programme for the development of hill areas of the country and is being implemented in 159 taluks in five states that fall under western ghats region in maharashtra (62 taluks), karnataka (40 taluks), kerala (29 taluks), tamil nadu (25 taluks) and goa (3 taluks).
in karnataka, the programmes were being implemented in 40 taluks of 11 districts-shivamogga, mysuru, hassan, chikkamagaluru, udupi, dakshina kannada, belagavi, uttara kannada, chamarajanagar, kodagu and dharwad districts.
every year, karnataka gets around rs 40 crore for development works like preventing floods in villages, implement integrated watershed-based programmes and other activities.
'lalitgate' to become cong's main weapon in bihar pollsnew delhi, june 19, 2015, dhns: 0:48 istthe opposition congress on thursday trained its guns on rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and charged her with round-tripping ill-gotten money with the help of former ipl chairman lalit modi.
senior leader ghulam nabi azad wondered why prime minister narendra modi had maintained a sheepish silence on the issue which stood in sharp contrast with his roar against corruption.
round tripping involves getting the money out of one country, to tax havens, and bringing it back in the form of foreign capital with tax benefits.
senior leaders said the lalitgate scandal had given them enough ammunition to keep up the attack on prime minister narendra modi, who had only last month claimed of leading a corruption-free government.
the congress now plans to utilise the gross impropriety committed by external affairs minister sushma swaraj and raje in the upcoming elections to the crucial state of bihar scheduled later this year.
the bjp maligned us using the 2g spectrum allegations, now it is our chance to show them the mirror, a senior leader said.
asked whether the congress would approach courts to seek a probe into the allegations, the leader said, why get the courts involved?
we are taking up the issue politically.
however, congress leaders do not expect the prime minister to take any action against swaraj and raje.
they said the bjp leadership had not taken any action against madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan in the vyapam scam.
a state minister and several top officials have been arrested in connection with the irregularities in the recruitment process for professional posts in the state government.
meanwhile, rajasthan congress leaders hit the streets in the state and burned effigies of raje for her criminally symbiotic relations with lalit modi.
facts now clearly establish the murky dealings, round tripping of ill-gotten money and exchange of mutual benefits between lalit and vasundhara raje, aicc general secretary c p joshi told reporters.
aicc general secretary digvijay singh took a jibe at modi wondering whether the rss was his next target after having taken care of swaraj and raje, the pms detractors in the bjp.
vyapam scam: cong wants fir against chouhanafter meeting prime minister narendra modi, congress leaders stepped up the offensive against madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan in connection with the vyapam, or madhya pradesh professional examination board (mppeb), scam.
our only request is that an fir be lodged against the chief minister and police officers who tampered with the evidence in the scam, aicc general secretary digvijaya singh said.
singh said the congress on monday has submitted to the special task force investigating the scam evidence of chouhans involvement in the scam.
ls on business despite boycottnew delhi, aug 05, 2015, dhns: 0:29 istafter two weeks of disruptions, lok sabha on tuesday began transacting business despite the combative opposition boycotting proceedings over the suspension of 25 congress mps.
the government passed two bills  the appropriation (railways) bill 2015 and the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) amendment bill  as opposition members stayed away.
the opposition benches were empty as members of the ncp, jd (u), sp, left parties, rjd, trinamool congress and muslim league boycotted the lok sabha as an expression of solidarity with the 25 congress members who speaker sumitra mahajan suspended for five days for unruly behaviour in the house.
members of the ruling bjp, coalition partners shiv sena, tdp and akali dal and opposition aiadmk participated in the brief discussion on the demand for excess grants of the railway ministry.
railway minister suresh prabhu replied to the discussion after which the bill was passed.
the appropriation (railways) bill 2015 sought the approval from lok sabha for excess expenditure the ministry incurred in 2012-13.
since the beginning of the monsoon session on july 21, lok sabha saw repeated disruptions by opposition congress that demanded resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for facilitating travel documents of former ipl chief lalit modi, while asking for resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan over the vyapam scam.
congress and other opposition parties created disruptions in the rajya sabha over the issue leading to a washout.
the lok sabha also passed the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention ofatrocities) amendment bill, 2014 that seeks to add new categories of actions to be treated as offences against scheduled castes and scheduled tribes, and establish exclusive special courts to try offences.
new delhi, aug 31, 2015, pti: 21:58 istaccusing the bjp-led government of being in a perpetual mode of confrontation, congress today said that talk of a special session of parliament was not going to be viable unless there was a change in its mindset.
even as the centre has announced that the controversial land ordinance, a bone of contention with the opposition, would not be re-promulgated, congress said that prime minister narendra modi should apologise to the nation as he has wasted 10 months of development by enacting the ordinance.
the party also warned the prime minister against using agencies of the government to target the opposition and hoped that details of such alleged abuse would tumble out soon.
speaking to reporters here, senior party spokesman anand sharma said that the opposition would not be cowed down by such tactics.
cases by cbi against former congress chief ministers and ministers are not accidental, he said without elaborating.
cbi recently filed cases against former rajasthan chief minister ashok gehlot and state pcc chief sachin pilot in an ambulance scam in which karthi, son of former finance minister p chidambaram, too, is an accused.
on the land bill, sharma said, where was the pm's concern for farmers when his government enacted the ordinance to change upa land act not one, not two, but three times.
talking about the prospects of a special session of parliament, he squarely blamed the government for not engaging with the opposition in any constructive manner nor giving any meaningful proposals to end the deadlock.
even now, the government's attitude is one of confrontation.
.
.
it is in a perpetual mode of confrontation, he said, adding that unless there was a change of mindset, talk of a special session was not going to be viable.
congress has been demanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the wake of the lalit modi controversy and that of the madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan over the vyapam scam in his state.
the government had on august 25 hinted at a plan to reconvene the monsoon session of parliament and began consultations with political parties seeking their cooperation in passing key reform measures in the national interest.
minister for parliamentary affairs m venkaiah naidu had met leader of congress in lok sabha, mallikarjun kharge, and said the government was looking forward to passing the gst bill at the earliest and has an open mind on amendments to the key reform measure, which it plans to roll out from april next year.
the party, in the latest issue of its mouthpiece, 'congress sandesh', also attacked the government for having become heady.
having become heady (sic) due to the brute force of numbers in the lok sabha, it is not willing to look into the chinks in its armour and ask some important functionaries spread over the country to step down for having carried out acts of misdemeanour, it said in an editorial piece.
it said that the government merely says it is willing to debate so long as you agree that our leaders have done no wrong and raise your hands in our favour when asked.
targeting the bjp and the government, it charged that they have established that they have two sets of standards, one for themselves and the other for those opposed to them.
the gst bill, which is being touted as the greatest game changer, was not allowed to go through five years back due to bjp.
just imagine how much ground could have been covered for the people in this time, the editorial piece added.
new delhi, july 23, 2015, pti: 13:15 istheated exchanges between the opposition and treasury benches in the rajya sabha over modalities for a discussion on the lalit modi controversy, today forced two adjournments of the house without transacting any business.
while opposition led by congress pressed for suspension of business to discuss the issue and seek the resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj for allegedly trying to help the controversial former ipl head lalit modi, leader of the house arun jaitley rebutted it saying the notice given by anand sharma (cong) only sought a discussion without any condition or caveat like resignation of any minister.
the treasury benches ruled out the resignation of any minister and said the government was ready for discussion on the issue, while the opposition demanded that swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje should quit on the issue.
they also sought resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan over the vyapam scam.
the ruckus led to adjournment of the house till noon for the first time, and again till 2 pm as similar scenes continued.
soon after obituary references were made and papers laid on the table, sharma and other opposition members including sitaram yechury (cpi-m) and naresh agarwal (sp) said they had given notice under rule 267 for suspension of business to take up discussion on the issue.
deputy chairman p j kurien said notices under this rule had been served earlier this week as well demanding discussion and subject to condition that some ministers should resign.
your condition or caveat is something that i cannot implement.
.
.
i know your notice was with condition but that condition is not within my powers to implement.
i can only take note of what is within my powers, that is discussion, he said.
the opposition members rose in protest to press their demand, which was strongly opposed by bjp members.
at this, kurien said if discussion is not happen, what is the point of this.
while minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said no minister will resign, while jaitley said the notice given by sharma today was without any such condition.
displaying a copy of the notice, jaitley said his notice today does not say the ministers must resign.
his notice must be admitted and discussion should begin immediately.
yechury said it was breach of parliamentary privilege if a member's notice given to the chair finds way to the government.
jaitley retorted by saying please educate yourself on procedures, saying the secretary general of rajya sabha should then make every effort to circulate it (the notice) to every member of the house.
mr yechury's illiteracy of rules does not make valid argument, he said demanding an apology from the left leader charging him with casting aspersions on the chair.
kurien said yechury was free to move a notice on breach of privilege notice if he felt his rights have been breached.
congress members remained unrelenting and moved into aisles shouting slogans seeking dismisal of ministers, which was countered by the bjp members.
as the ruckus continued, kurien said he had no option but to adjourn the house and, soon thereafter, adjourned the proceedings till noon.
when it reassembled and took up the question hour, congress members were again on their feet raising slogans as chairman hamid ansari called upon them to maintain decorum.
as ansari started the question hour proceedings, congress members were in the aisle raising the vyapam scam issue and demanding the resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
ansari asked members not to display posters in the house as he saw congress member hanumantha rao was carrying a poster on the vyapam scam calling for chouhan's resignation.
i request members of the house to allow the question hour to proceed, the chairman said.
as sharp exchanges between opposition and treasury benches and slogan-shouting continued, ansari adjourned the house till 2 pm.
bhopal/ jhabua (mp): sep 13, 2015, dhns 1:47 istgelatin sticks in shop trigger blasts in adjacent hotelat least 89 people were killed and over 100 injured after several cylinders inside a hotel exploded in the petlawad town of jhabua district, madhya pradesh, on saturday.
the explosions are believed to have been triggered by the accidental blast of gelatin sticks in an adjacent building.
the high-impact blast struck the adjoining popular eatery, hotel sethia, where gas cylinders in the kitchen exploded compounding the disaster.
the hotel and building were completely damaged in the incident.
the owner had license for storing mining explosives, said the police.
victims were labourersthe dead include at least eight hotel employees, several customers who were having breakfast in the packed eatery, occupants of the building and a large number of daily wage labourers who were waiting for buses in the vicinity.
one of the injured, narsingh (42), said that body parts were strewn around in the vicinity.
i saw them flying and falling on the ground.
vehicles, especially two-wheelers, were badly damaged, he said.
i heard the blasts and immediately ran towards the spot.
dust hung over the area.
parts of the bodies were scattered all over the place.
a girl was crying and she was rescued, said babu lal, an eyewitness.
madhya pradesh home minister babulal gaur has ordered a high-level inquiry into the incident.
jhabua, located over 300 km from state capital bhopal, is a tribal belt.
so far, we have performed 82 autopsies, chief medical officer dr arun sharma told deccan herald over phone.
due to the impact of the explosion, the double-storeyed building where gelatin sticks was stored collapsed trapping several people.
many people were trapped under the wreckage and have sustained injuries.
we are trying to locate the injured and extract them, said inspector kunwar singh.
jhabua asp seema alawa said the casualties may go up as many people have suffered grievous injuries and were in a critical condition.
the injured have been rushed to government hospitals in ratlam and indore, she added.
prime minister narendra modi expressed his condolences to the victims kin.
extremely pained at the loss of lives due to the cylinder blast in jhabua.
my deepest condolences to the families of the deceased, he tweeted.
states stretch too to mark first yoga daynew delhi, june 21, 2015, (pti) 16:27 istlaunching of new initiatives to popularise yoga and mass demonstrations where dignitaries participated with common people marked the first international yoga day celebrations across the states today.
states ruled by bjp and its allies took the lead, organising mammoth events and announcing various initiatives.
while gujarat is planning introduction of yoga as a regular practice in schools, andhra pradesh announced a grant of rs 25 crore for conduct of regular such events.
while prime minister narendra modi led the day's event on rajpath in the national capital, several union ministers fanned out to states to take part in yoga day events.
union health minister j p nadda participated in the celebrations in hyderabad, along with his cabinet colleague bandaru dattatreya.
union minister for transport and shipping nitin gadkari presided over a event in nagpur, while union ministers ravi shankar prasad and suresh prabhu attended such events in west bengal and kerala, respectively.
several chief ministers and governors too attended events organised in state capitals, besides political bigwigs.
bjp president amit shah took part in yoga session in bihar capital patna.
while most state governments organised official functions to mark the day, the uttar pradesh government did not observe the day officially and had made it voluntary.
union home minister rajnath singh led a session at the k d singh babu stadium in lucknow, where more than 15,000 people including muslims, practised yogasanas.
a sizeable number of government officers and employees were also present at the event.
in gujarat, more than 1.
25 crore people, including school children, senior citizens and women, today took part in yoga day events at around 29,000 locations across the state.
under the state government's 'yoga on the river' initiative, 1,500 trained participants performed yoga on 500 boats on narmada river at bharuch.
chief minister anandiben patel and governor o p kohli were present at the state-level celebration held at the gmdc ground in ahmedabad.
patel practised 'asanas' for almost 35 minutes, along with more than 70,000 participants, including ips and ias officers, mlas, corporators and bjp leaders.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan led a large number of students and others in a yoga session at the lal parade ground in state capital bhopal.
union minister for steel and mines narendra singh tomar and state finance minister jayant mallaiya led the yoga session in gwalior.
in the national capital, yoga sessions were also held at the country's premier health facility all india institute of medical sciences and at the ndmc convention centre.
various resident welfare associations also organised yoga classes at residential complexes across delhi.
the aap government, however, did not organise any programme on the day, saying that when one big event was being held, another one will not be required.
chief minister arvind kejriwal and his deputy manish sisodia was among the participants on rajpath.
in the kashmir valley, yoga sessions were held at many places, with large numbers of school children participating with zeal and enthusiasm.
the main function was held at bakshi stadium in srinagar where over 1,200 ncc cadets and school children participated.
similar events were held at baramulla, uri, bandipura, tangdhar, anantnag, kargil and leh.
union minister of state for social justice and empowerment krishan pal gujjar was the chief guest at the event at jhelum view park in rajbagh, organised by the kashmir unit of bjp.
a series of events were organised across punjab and haryana.
chief minister manohar lal khattar attended the state level function organised by haryana government in karnal.
he announced that 1,000 trainers would soon be appointed for 'yog and vyamshalas' to be set up in 1,000 villages in the state.
haryana and punjab governor kaptan singh solanki attended an event in chandigarh to mark international yoga day.
in rajasthan, lakhs of people performed yoga for one hour to mark the day with the state's main event being attended by chief minister vasundhara raje and her cabinet colleagues at sawai man singh stadium in jaipur.
chief minister raje also administered the oath of health, fitness and discipline in life to over 25,000 people.
besides cities, yoga was performed in 9,900 gram panchayats in which all elected representatives, ngos and government employees took part.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, who practised yoga with a select group of jail inmates in central prison on mumbai's wardha road, praised prime minister modi for giving an international status to yoga and called for not to mix yoga with religion and politics.
in mumbai, which has been witnessing heavy rainfall, bjp state unit president raosaheb danve and health minister deepak sawant performed yoga that was co-ordinated by party's state treasurer shaina n c and others.
union ministers piyush goyal and anant geete were present on the occasion.
hundreds of people laid down their mattresses along the entire stretch of the 'queen's necklace' from chowpatty to nariman point in a programme called 'yoga by the bay', which was a joint collaboration between the art of living, ngo 'i love mumbai' and 'equal streets initiative'.
andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu announced that the state government will provide rs 25 crores for conducting of regular yoga programmes in the state by the ayush department.
in chhattisgarh, chief minister raman singh encouraged people, particularly the youngsters, to practice yoga while highlighting the benefits of the ancient form of exercise and meditation.
yoga not only strengthens an individual's memory, but also helps people spiritually focus on their goal, singh said participating at an event to mark the day at balbeer singh juneja indoor stadium in raipur which was attended by over 1,000 students from around 17 schools.
in goa, several groups voluntarily performed yoga at the beaches, schools and open grounds.
government trying to cover up economic failures: congressnew delhi, aug 11, 2015 (ians) 23:13 istthe congress on tuesday said the ruling bjp was trying to project that non-passage of gst bill was a reason for the government's poor performance and cover up its economic failures by blaming the opposition.
talking to media persons here, congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi took digs at finance minister arun jaitley over government's efforts to push the goods and services tax (gst) bill, noting that the legislation was stalled during the previous united progressive alliance government.
arun jaitley finds gst in much public interest.
this has dawned after seven years, he said.
as the session draws to a close, the obduracy and obstinacy of the government is matched only by the studied silence of the prime minister.
we are happy that the bjp, the prime minister and arun jaitley, are finding the gst to be so much in the public interest.
citing index of industrial production data for may, singhvi said it the government's performance was quite low on parameters such as factory output and capital goods growth compared to data for may last year.
you (government) are really trying to create confusion to cover up economic failures, he said.
noting congress' opposition to some provisions of the gst bill was based on national interest, singhvi said among the issues of difference was that congress wanted an independent body to resolve disputes between states but the government had left the task to the gst council itself.
we want that gst should come in an effective way, he said.
one of the objections is that the rate must have a limitation, a ceiling.
it can be 15 percent, it can be 18 percent.
another issue which we raised was that when there is a dispute between the states, as is very likely, you must create an independent resolution body.
this is common sense.
the government obdurately and obstinately insists that the dispute resolution body should be the gst council itself, singhvi added.
he contended that the parliament was facing a stalemate due to obduracy of the government and silence of prime minister narendra modi.
asked if the party had changed its stance of seeking resignations of three bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders to a discussion under adjournment motion in the lok sabha, he said the congress wanted an adjournment motion as it could lead to censure.
congress leaders said there was no change in the party's stance.
they said since their demand for adjournment motion was not being accepted, they have been maintaining that discussion under other rules can take place after the bjp leaders resign.
the congress and some parties are demanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over their alleged help to former ipl chief lalit modi, who is facing an enforcement directorate investigation, and of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan over the vyapam scam.
govt calls all-party meet to end logjamnew delhi: aug 1, 2015, dhns 2:22 istthe central government on friday called an all-party meeting on monday to break the two-week-long logjam in parliament.
however, a combative congress spurned the peace initiative, demanding tangible action from prime minister narendra modi on controversial issues.
there appeared little chance of a resolution to the deadlock as parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu launched a sharp attack on the congress for not letting parliament function.
it is for the congress to introspect and decide whether it wants to be partners in development or continue disruption, he said, adding that the government had all along walked the extra mile to accommodate the opposition by referring crucial bills to parliamentary committees.
naidu said he reached out to political parties for a meeting on friday, but the congress expressed its inability citing an internal party meeting.
the minister said he will now to meet leaders of political parties on monday to enable normal functioning of parliament.
the monsoon session of parliament began on july 21, but has not transacted any significant business for the past two weeks.
the congress has been disrupting proceedings demanding resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for facilitating travel documents for controversial ipl ex-chief lalit modi.
it also wants madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan sacked over his reported involvement in the vyapam scam.
we are not interested in mere photo-op, tea and sandwiches.
the prime minister must first tell us what action is being taken on our demands, said congress spokesman anand sharma, adding that parliament was not functioning due to the obduracy and arrogance of the prime minister, who was not ready to break his silence on opposition-raised issues.
the government has rejected the demands for resignations, and accused the congress of indulging in smear politics and forgetting the corruption in its own backyard.
the congress is perturbed by the government's increasing popularity over the past year.
india's image and prestige have gone up internationally, investments are coming in and the economy is back on track.
i think they do not want narendra modi to succeed, said naidu, adding that the government was ready to discuss any issue, but the congress was not.
new delhi, dec 22, 2015 (pti) 21:23 istmounting a fierce attack on prime minister narendra modi, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal today demanded his resignation over what he termed was a flop raid by the cbi at the delhi secretariat to protect finance minister arun jaitley in the alleged ddca scam.
calling december 15, when cbi conducted the raid at the office of his principal secretary rajendra kumar, a black day, kejriwal tore into modi and dared him to act against madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , his rajasthan counterpart vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushma swaraj.
kejriwal also defended rajendra kumar against allegations of graft committed in his official capacity under the erstwhile sheila dikshit government.
he's being mentally harassed.
cbi has got nothing against him in the last eight days.
if i can remove my minister and babu for committing corruption, it is also my duty to protect honest officers, he said participating in a discussion in the state assembly on the situation arising out of the raid at the delhi secretariat and alleged corruption in delhi and district cricket association under jaitley's watch.
kumar was seated in the officers' gallery of the assembly during the proceedings.
prime minister should be ashamed of himself over the raids, kejriwal said and went on to take a series of jibes at modi over rs 10 lakh suit and foreign trips.
he is fulfilling his dreams now as earlier he did not get a visa.
delhi is all right whenever he is out of the city.
whenever he's back everything goes haywire, kejriwal said speaking during the one-day special session of the assembly which passed a resolution to constitute a commission of inquiry to probe alleged corruption in ddca.
i seek the prime minister's resignation for conducting such a flop raid and for misusing the cbi.
if he uses the cbi to get any file then the country will have no democracy left.
tomorrow there can be raids on any chief minister.
this is dangerous for the country's federal structure, kejriwal said.
the chief minister, against whom jaitley has filed both civil and criminal defamation suits, further alleged that the cbi was specifically looking for a file containing a note with incriminating details.
a ddca whistle blower used to meet me.
that officer told me that there was a meeting of ddca officials, where jaitley had told them no not worry about sfio as he will get it compounded.
he (jaitley) said that he will ensure quashing of cases that come to delhi police and, if aap sets up a commission of inquiry, he will get it null and void through 'our special man' lg.
it was written in that file, kejriwal calimed.
kejriwal claimed the prime minister was still not able to get over the pain of losing the delhi assembly elections.
delhi assembly today passed a motion moved by deputy chief minister manish sisodia against cbi raid at delhi secretariat, condeming the centre for its alleged high handedness and adding it was in violation of the federal structureand the spirit of the constitution.
we are constantly seeking pm's cooperation and for this, i have met two-three times and told him we don't need money, and instead, we want him not to put hurdles to our works.
.
give us delhi for a year and will fulfil your dreams, kejriwal said.
the delhi chief minister termed the cbi raid at his office as dangerous for the country's federal structure.
kejriwal claimed it was within the government's powers to set up a commission of inquiry to probe alleged corruption in the state's cricket body.
we have the right to probe the irrregularities in sports, player slection, stadium construction.
everyone is admitting that there was a scam.
.
.
we have power to set up such commission.
in the past, we set up a commission of inquiry over the transport scam involving former cm and her officials, but mha later declared it null and void as lg was getting implicated in it.
mha has no power to declare our commission of inquiry null and void, he said.
refering to jaitley's lawsuit, kejriwal said he was surprised as to how a lawyer (jaitley) could hurt himself because the union minister will be crossed examine by our lawyers for almost one year.
next pre-summoning evidence on january 5.
we want the court to summon us.
we will go and trial will begin.
his (jaitley) cross examinitauion will strtech for a year.
by filing defamation case, he has hurt himself, kejriwal added.
noted criminal lawyer ram jethmalani will represent delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal in the civil and criminal defamation suits filed against him by jaitley.
jaitley had yesterday filed both civil and criminal defamation cases against kejriwal and five other aap leaders for allegedly defaming him and sought rs 10 crores in damages and their prosecution for offences that entail a punishment of upto two years in jail.
madhya pradesh denies releasing advertisement with cm's photographsnew delhi, may 16, 2015 (ians) 19:58 isteven though the supreme court has prohibited the use of photographs of governors and chief ministers in advertisements put up by state governments or its agencies, a leading national daily on friday came out with a two-page pull out carrying the photographs of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan along with that of prime minister narendra modi.
the two pages, called a media marketing initiative, carry five photographs of chauhan at different functions and a write up by him.
the pages project the achievements of the modi government at the centre and the bjp government in madhya pradesh.
the madhya pradesh government, though has denied it had released any such ad.
the head of the madhya pradesh public relation department, anil mathur, told ians that they were not aware of any pull-out in a delhi paper.
mathur said it has already issued instructions that no photograph of the chief minister or any other minister would be carried in the advertisements issued by the state government or its agencies.
moreover, he said all such advertisement had been withdrawn after the apex court verdict.
in a landmark judgment, the apex court on may 13 prohibited the use of photographs of political leaders, including chief ministers and governors, in advertisements issued by the government and its agencies, saying that it leads to promotion of a personality cult.
the court only alowed use of photographs of the president, the prime minister and the chief justice of india and departed leaders.
counsel prashant bhushan who appeared for an ngo in the matter resulting in the apex court verdict says that on the face of it the pull-out appeared to be a paid news item.
if it is paid by the state government then it would amount to a contempt of court.
if paid by the party (bjp) it would not, but then the paper has to disclose who paid for it, he said.
the papers marketing department could not be immediately contacted.
new delhi, nov 4, 2015 (pti) 16:01 istwith finance minister arun jaitley saying he was ready to discuss the gst bill with it, congress today struck a discordant note, insisting that parliamentary democracy cannot be reduced to just one bill and asked prime minister narendra modi to first shed his confrontationist mindset.
party's senior spokesman anand sharma signalled that the winter session of parliament, likely to begin by this month-end, could be a smooth affair only if the prime minister makes real effort to seek constructive engagement with the opposition.
parliamentary democracy cannot be reduced to just one bill.
the prime minister and his government has both arrogance and confrontationist mindset, he alleged after being asked about jaitley's statement.
they should make a real effort to shed this confrontationst mindset by seeking constructive engagement with the opposition, sharma, who is the deputy leader of the party in the rajya sabha, said.
the refrain of sharma was that a conducive atmosphere cannot be created by the government by constant attacks on the opposition.
by berating, ridiculing and intimidating them (the opposition) on a daily basis cannot help in creating that atmosphere.
it is their call, sharma said, adding that success and failure of a parliament session is the responsibility of the prime minister and his government.
sharma was asked about jaitley's remarks that he he would discuss the gst bill issue with the congress again to ensure its passage in the rajya sabha.
i am willing to discuss with the congress party.
.
.
i have so far discussed with their leaders and i can't find, at least, conceptual opposition to it.
i will once again speak to them and try to make them see reason, he said.
jaitley has said that introduction of the goods and services tax (gst), which will replace more than a dozen state levies, is only a question of time as obstruction to the reform measure will not stand parliamentary vote.
gst is to be implemented from april 1, 2016.
but a constitution amendment bill could not go through the rajya sabha in the last session of parliament due to opposition from the congress.
the april 1 deadline may be missed if parliament does not pass the bill in the upcoming winter session.
monsoon session of parliament was a virtual washout in the wake of the congress demand for the resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the wake of the lalit modi controversy.
the opposition also demanded that madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan step down in the wake of the vyapam scam.
new delhi: july 28, 2015, dhns 3:35 istmiffed at the inadequate coverage of the congress protests on lok sabha television, party vice-president rahul gandhi took it upon himself to survey the chamber of the lower house to identify cameras that could catch their agitation against the narendra modi government.
the 44-year-old leader was seen observing various television cameras that have been hung below the media gallery at various angles to cover the proceedings of the lok sabha in real time.
the congress members were waving placards and shouting slogans against the government from the well of the lok sabha and the only time when they were shown by lok sabha television were when the cameras were focussed on union ministers who made brief statements or when speaker sumitra mahajan made her announcements.
rahul was seen discussing the lack of coverage to the congress protests as the proceedings were also seen on two huge television screens placed in the lok sabha chamber.
since the monsoon session began on july 21, the congress members have been stalling the proceedings demanding resignations of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for their involvement in the lalitgate controversy and madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan for his reported involvement in the vyapam scam.
rahul, who has taken a strident no resignation, no discussion line in parliament, was seen having animated discussions with party leaders such as shashi tharoor and deepender hooda on how to ensure that the protests were captured by the cameras.
he also walked in through many gates of the lok sabha chamber as the protests continued apparently assessing the best places to protest to ensure adequate coverage on lstv.
some members suggested attaching the placards to batons and raising them to the height of the cameras.
others suggested getting huge banners that could cover a section of the lok sabha chamber.
wait and watch, quipped a first-term congress member and part of the parliament strategy team, when asked whether the party actually planned to get giant banners inside the house.
the congress has already complained to speaker sumitra mahajan that they were not getting adequate coverage on lok sabha television.
nhrc seeks report on youth's deathmarch 05, 2016, new delhi, dhns 2:12 istthe national human rights commission (nhrc) has sought a report from the madhya pradesh government after media reports said that a youth was left to bleed to death by the police to allow chief minister shivrajchouhan cavalcade to pass.
taking suo motu cognizance of the incidents, justice h l dattu-led nhrc issued notice to the madhya pradesh chief secretary seeking a report on the matter within two weeks.
the commission has observed that the contents of the report, if true, raise serious issues of violation of right to life of a young boy, insensitivity on part of police personnel as well as medical negligence, an nhrc statement said.
we want early polls: rajnathmumbai, april 2, 2013, dhns 2:35 istbjp national president rajnath singh on tuesday said that his party did not believe in toppling any government but he fervently hoped that, in the interest of the nation, the upa comes down quickly so that polls could be held soon.
after a whistle-stop tour of the drought-stricken areas of maharashtra, the bjp leader in a hastily called press meet, said that no political party should try to destabilise any government in power as it affects the national exchequer heavily.
however, the economic crisis that has engulfed the nation is because of the distorted economic policies of the congress-led upa government.
the grim scenario existing today is because of the lack of will and vision.
i had proposed farm income insurance scheme but it has never been given serious cognisance.
the government, both in the state and at the centre, lacks sensitivity towards people and agrarian sector.
while refraining from commenting on gujarat chief minister narendra modis influence on the recent formation of the new bjp core team, singh said: let me make it clear that not even once.
.
.
earlier or this time, modi asked me or tried to influence me in the induction process.
if i am telling a lie then modi himself will start harbouring doubts about my statements as he will know that his party president is speaking untruth.
to a query why madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan was kept out of the party's parliamentary board, singh quipped: chouhan has been doing excellent work but then there was only one vacancy and we had to choose one of them and we chose modi as he is the senior-most chief minister.
on the induction of former gujarat home minister amit shah, facing murder charge, singh said: nobody should be judged till the court decides and gives it decision.
.
.
and as for former finance minister yashwant sinha not finding a place, let me clarify that he was not a member of any board.
he was a member of the national executive and newspaper reports stating that sinha was dropped is wrong and baseless.
vyapam scam: rajnath speaks to mp cm over journalist's deathnew delhi, jul 2, 2015, (pti): 20:52 istconcerned over the death of a tv journalist covering the vyapam scam, union home minister rajnath singh spoke to madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan and asked him to conduct a thorough investigation into the death.
during their 10-minute telephonic conversation, singh asked chouhan to order a thorough investigation into the death of tv journalist akshay singh in madhya pradesh's jhabua district.
official sources said the chief minister briefed the home minister about the incident and the steps being taken to know the details on the circumstances leading to the death of the journalist.
the home minister also asked the chief minister to ensure the security of all people connected with the case.
tv journalist singh died soon after having interviewed the parents of namrata damor, an accused in the scam, whose body had been found under near railway tracks in ujjain district on january 7, 2012.
38-year-old singh, who started frothing at the mouth, was rushed to civil hospital and later to a private facility, but doctors failed to revive him.
he was then taken to another hospital in nearby dahod in gujarat, where he was declared brought dead.
within hours after singh's death, arun sharma, dean of netaji subhas chandra bose medical college, jabalpur, who was said to be probing irregularities in admissions to his college in connection with the scam, was found dead under mysterious circumstances at a delhi hotel this morning.
at least 25 accused and witnesses have died so far in the vyapam scam, a massive admission and recruitment racket involving several bureaucrats and politicians.
15 killed; 38 hurt as bus plunges into river in mpitarsi (mp), dec 15, 2015 (pti) 16:58 istat least 15 people including seven women were today killed and 38 seriously injured when the bus in which they were travelling fell into a river from a bridge in hoshangabad district of madhya pradesh.
the bus was carrying a marriage party.
the mishap took place this morning when it was on its way to parasia from indore, sohagpur police station in-charge siddharth singh said.
15 people were killed in the mishap and 38 seriously injured.
they were admitted in a private hospital at bhopal and hoshangabad respectively, hoshangabad division commissioner v k batham told pti.
the bus was crossing a river bridge near longabanjari village about 7 kms away from sohagpur when the incident happened.
the deceased have been identified as baby pareta, manju varma, om prakash, ashok kulhara, hariom pareta, radha garhwal, mahesh varma, jyoti doliya, kaushalya verma, gullo dolia, arun garhwal, ratan garhwal, vishnu prasad garhwal, anuradha parwal and gayatri verma, the commissioner said.
5 lakh each to the kin of deceased, rs 50,000 to those seriously injured and rs 25,000 to those who suffered minor injuries in the accident.
hoshangabad collector sanket bhondve and other senior officials reached the spot soon after the mishap to supervise the rescue operation.
further investigations are on, police said.
raf deployed in violence-hit mandsaur in mppress trust of india, mandsaur (mp), jun 8 2017, 10:24 istsenior police officials have also been deployed to oversee the law and order situation in all sub-divisions of mandsaur district, an official said.
photo credit: pti.
contingents of rapid action force (raf) were today deployed in madhya pradesh's violence- hit mandsaur district where the situation remained tense.
two companies of raf, comprising around 100 men each, have moved into pipliamandi in mandsaur, the site of tuesday's shooting of five farmers, police said.
while two companies of raf have been posted in garoth area in the district, another two have been deployed along the mwoh-neemuch highway to prevent any untoward incidents, they said.
the situation is tense but under control, police said.
dig ratlam range avinash sharma is camping in pipliamandi where farmers, agitating for the last seven days for loan waiver and better crop prices, defied prohibitory orders yesterday, beat up officials and policemen and resorted to violence and arson.
senior police officials have also been deployed to oversee the law and order situation in all sub-divisions of mandsaur district, the official said.
farmers had yesterday resorted to violence and arson in western madhya pradesh despite prohibitory measures, posing a major challenge for chief minister shivrajchouhan and providing a rallying point for the opposition parties.
in view of the volatile situation, the centre had rushed 1,100 personnel of raf to the violence-hit state where the farmers have been agitating for loan waiver and better crop prices.
the chouhan government had sought to cool the tempers by announcing certain measures, including a loan settlement scheme for those cultivators who had defaulted on repayment of farm loan borrowed by them earlier.
the scheme will cover around six lakh farmers, with accumulated dues of rs 6000 crore, according to the government.
mp sets up sit to probe jhabua incidentpetlawad (jhabua): sep 15, 2015, dhns: 0:52 istnormalcy has returned to petlawad town in jhabua district barely 48 hours after a blast that killed 89 people and injured more than 100 people.
the madhya pradesh government on monday announced a special investigation team (sit) to enquire into the petlawad incident.
i'm not afraid, it's just a accident, aslam babu bhai bhagwan of village baminya said pointing to the bandage on his head and arm.
i will continue to sell vegetables from my thela (had cart) in front of the shop where the explosion took place, said aslam, is undergoing treatment in the petlawad primary helath centre after he was injured in the saturday explosion.
jhabua additional superintendent of police (asp) seema alawa said people on monday were busy with their normal activities.
a trader at the petlawad, mohan kumar rathore, also said that normal activities had resumed in the area.
as you can see, normalcy has returned but we are still scared of the unknown, he said.
a steady stream of people have been arriving near the explosion site to see the impact of the massive explosion and damage caused by it.
in one another related development, the state government constituted a special investigation team (sit) to investigate into the incident.
on second consecutive day, chouhan reached petlawad in a helicopter.
he visited villages belonging to deceased and injured and console their family members.
on saturday, chouhan had met the people injured met the injured in the petlawad community health centre and met kin of the people who died in the gruesome in petlawad town.
the state government has also removed petlawad sdm and sdop and orders were issued to change entire staff of petlawad police station with immediate effects.
rss bounty on kerala cm's head draws flakthiruvananthapuram, mar 3, 2017, dhns: 0:01 istrss leader kundan chandrawats announcement of a bounty of rs 1 crore on chief minister pinarayi vijayans head was widely condemned in kerala.
the announcement in ujjain on thursday drew huge backlash as vijayans supporters flooded chandrawats facebook page with a generous dose of abusive words, mostly in malayalam.
threat dismissedvijayan, however, chose to dismiss the public threat as given before.
the rss has beheaded many people.
that doesnt mean i cant travel anywhere.
i dismiss this call to kill with contempt, the chief minister said.
leader of the opposition in the kerala legislative assembly ramesh chennithalaand minister for agriculture v s sunil kumar, among others, urged madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan to order the arrest of the rss ujjain mahanagar prachar pramukh.
pm narendra modi slams opposition for blocking passage of land bill in rskhandwa (mp), mar 5, 2015, (pti) 16:24 istasserting that the land bill is not anti-farmer, prime minister narendra modi today criticised the opposition for creating hurdles in the passage of the measure in rajya sabha, where the nda government does not have a majority.
the law that was passed by earlier government has no provision for allotment of land for schools, hospitals, houses, water and irrigation.
i ask you whether you need all these facilities or not, he said here after dedicating to the nation two units of 600 mw each of shri singaji thermal power plant.
the prime minister also laid the foundation stone of two units of 660 mw each under the project's second phase.
modi said that he had asked the opposition to suggest ways to improve the land bill, but it did not respond.
i am not anti-farmer.
we will never oppose farmers.
i asked other parties to tell me what to improve, but they don't say anything, he said.
he said that the poor people need hospitals, schools, roads, homes, water, power and irrigation facilities, but the earlier law had no provision for the same.
.
.
.
the previous government refused to give land for hospitals, roads, schools and homes also, he said.
the previous government enacted a law that would not enable farmers to get water and irrigation facilities, he maintained.
hailing the union budget for 2015-16, the prime minister said it has provisions for the welfare of all sections of the society.
we took several steps for the welfare of the poor, farmers, tribal communities, dalit sisters and brothers in the budget, he said.
highlighting the importance of development, specially power supply, modi said that it is absolutely necessary for the growth of the country.
appealing people to conserve power, modi said that it is necessary to save electricity for the bright future of the next generation.
think of ways to conserve electricity.
it is very important for our children.
nearly 20 per cent of the people don't have access to electricity, he said.
highlighting the importance of electricity, he said, it is not only homes that brighten, but also lives brighten, dreams brighten and the future brightens when there is electricity.
energy has played a big role in the progress of mankind and without electricity, dreams can't be fulfilled, the prime minister said while pointing out that a large number of villages have no access to power.
who are these people, they are not the rich but poor.
to keep someone away from energy is like dragging that person to the stone age, he remarked.
on the occasion, modi greeted the people for the holi festival and also wished madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan on his 56th birthday.
union energy minister piyush goyal and chouhan also addressed the function.
parl logjam to stay till corruption issues resolved: scindiaguna (mp), aug 2, 2015, (pti) 13:43 istthe logjam in parliament will continue unless corruption issues involving bjp ministers are resolved, senior congress leader jyotiraditya scindia said today, setting the tone for the all-party meeting convened tomorrow by the ruling nda to break the impasse.
scindia said that congress will not budge on its demand for resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan over vyapam scam as it has dented the image of madhya pradesh at the international level.
congress will vociferously raise the vyapam issue in lok sabha to expose the doublespeak of bjp on corruption.
the saffron party's acts and deeds on corruption are way apart, scindia, chief whip of congress in lok sabha, told pti here.
he said congress will stick to its demand for chouhan's resignation in the interest of a fair probe.
the current logjam will continue in parliament until the issues of corruption are resolved.
congress is firm on its stand on these issues.
if the government wants to go ahead, then it should take some positive steps on these matters, he said.
the congress mp's statement came on the eve of the all- party meeting convened by the nda government in a fresh bid to break the deadlock in parliament that has continued for two weeks now.
almost half the session has gone in disruptions as opposition parties led by congress are not allowing discussion while demanding resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over the lalit modi controversy and that of chouhan in connection with the vyapam scam.
scindia replied in the negative when asked if congress will withdraw its demand for chouhan's resignation as supreme court has already handed over the investigation into the scam to cbi.
referring to lk advani's statement that the saffron party should remain a party of values and principles, scindia said the bjp patriarch himself had set an example earlier by resigning on moral grounds.
now, it is for prime minister narendra modi and the party to take a call on whether or not they want a principled bjp, he said.
stating that the scam took place when medical education department was headed by chouhan, scindia said it has dented the image of madhya pradesh at the international level.
he said the truth will come out if the evidence (excel sheet) given by one of the key whistle-blowers, prashant pandey, and submitted by congress general secretary digvijay singh are examined properly.
referring to 'lalitgate', scindia said, bjp is sitting on the corruption cases in madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh, rajasthan and other places.
(more) pti mas lal nsk kkm 08021302recalling the bjp's promise of clean and good governance in the run up to lok sabha elections last year, scindia said it has turned out to be hollow in the wake of corruption scandals surrounding the saffron party.
people want action now in real sense, he said.
replying to a query on the loss of crucial hours in the monsoon session due to bedlam, scindia said, in the previous 15th lok sabha, out of the total 1,340 hours, 980 hours, which amounts to nearly 70 per cent of its time, got wasted because of ruckus created by bjp on various issues.
further slamming the modi government, scindia referred to the punjab terror strike to charge that it had failed in tackling cross-border terrorism despite making tall claims in this regard during campaigning for the polls.
on the hanging of 1993 mumbai blasts convict yakub memon, scindia said his party respects the supreme court's verdict in such matters and stands by it.
he said he regretted the efforts made by some people to give a communal colour to the apex court verdict.
on the issue of the land bill, the former union minister alleged that changes were made in it by the nda dispensation to favour some industrialists.
congress's stand is clear on it.
we are firm that we will not allow any anti-farmer provision in it.
we want that the bill passed during upa regime should be implemented, he said.
bhopal, oct 14, 2016, (pti) 22:35 istprime minister narendra modi today said the army will never forgive the country if it is found sleeping when it should be awake, in comments that come against the backdrop of the recent surgical strikes.
he asserted that the army does not believe in speaking but in displaying its valour.
our army is happiest when we sleep in peace.
they have no complaint.
but they will never forgive us if we sleep when we should be awake.
unfortunately, we have been found sleeping when we should have been awake.
eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.
we have to keep alert always.
it will be injustice to the army if we sleep away when we have to be awake, he said without elaborating.
addressing ex-servicemen and their families at the inauguration of 'shaurya smarak' (memorial to valour) here, he devoted his speech hailing the role of armed forces and their spirit of sacrifice in adverse situation.
our army does not speak but displays its valour.
when i would say this earlier, they (critics) would tear my hair out.
they would say modi is sleeping and doing nothing.
like our army which does not speak but displays its valour, our defence minister also does not speak.
.
.
he said with a pause as the audience broke into applause with some raising patriotic slogans.
modi said the ancestors in hundreds of years of india's history never waged a war to capture a country.
but if it comes to fighting for values and ideals, india is never found wanting, he said.
lauding the valour and humaneness of armed forces, he referred to their relief and rescue operations in srinagar during the floods two years ago despite the violence they face from the stone-pelting mobs.
when massive floods hit srinagar two years ago, the government found it difficult to deal with the situation and the country saw that our jawans were toiling to save people's lives.
they never thought these are the same people who pelt them with stones, breaking their head and damaging eyes.
the attack is sometime so severe that they even face death, modi said, praising armed forces' rescue efforts in kashmir.
he also highlighted their relief work during other natural disasters and recalled their efforts in uttarakhand, which was hit by massive floods in 2013.
recently, they rescued over 5,000 indians and people from other countries, including pakistan, from war-hit yemen, he said.
even in international peacekeeping operations, indian forces have served for long, he said.
on the occasion, he also asserted that his government has fulfilled all the promises it had made while rolling out orop for ex-servicemen, saying over rs 5,000 crore has already been distributed to them.
attacking previous congress governments without naming, he said they made tall claims but never fulfilled them.
some governments were so clever that they even made budgetary provisions of a meagre rs 500 crore, he said, citing figures for monetary benefits to retired soldiers following the orop implementation.
we have promised to pay the money due to forces in four instalments under orop and we are doing so, he said, adding, i am content that we are keeping our promises.
he also highlighted the centre's efforts to ramp up defence production in india and made it self-reliant in the field.
i have been working on this for the last two years and i am confident that a day will come soon when india will not only become self-reliant but also export weapons.
.
.
we have a lot of talent.
praising the armed forces for their bravery, he said they are also among the first ones across the world when judged on the yardsticks of discipline and concern for fellow human beings.
praising the 'shaurya smarak', he said it is like a pilgrimage site.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan called modi 'super manav' (super human) who is working to make india a strong country.
the prime minister's policy is we will not trouble anyone but if troubled, then we will not spare any one, he said.
defence parrikar manohar parrikar recalled there was never lack of valour in the country and cited examples of shivaji and maharana pratap.
the entire world has seen the valour of our soldiers.
.
.
september 29 was yet another example of the bravery of indian soldiers, he said, making a reference to the date of surgical strikes.
during his speech, the prime minster also called upon the citizens to show respect to the defence personnel by clapping in their honour whenever they are spotted at public places like airport and railway stations.
in various countries in the world, whenever people see any defence personnel in the uniform, whether it is at airport or railway stations, people clap for them in their honour, he said and urged people to take a vow in this regard.
these are small things but play a major role in one's life, he added.
before inaugurating the shaurya smarak, modi, along with parrikar, chouhan, madhya pradesh acting governor o p kohli visited the gallery at the memorial, where pictures of war heroes are put up, an official of the public relations department said.
the shaurya smarak would apprise people, especially the younger generation, of the valour and sacrifices of those guarding india's borders.
the memorial has been built on 12.
67 acres land at a cost of rs 41 crore, it said.
before coming to the shaurya smarak, modi also met head of digambar jain sect acharya vidyasagarji maharaj at a jain temple in the state capital.
pm must introspect on parliament's functioning: congressnew delhi, dec 31, 2015, (ians): 14:26 istas prime minister narendra modi on thursday asked the congress to make a new year resolution to allow parliament to function, the opposition party hit back by asking him to introspect instead on the issue.
the prime minister should introspect the reason on account of which parliament is not functioning.
should he not examine the reasons instead of creating a false smoke screen?
has he forgotten the attitude of the bharatiya janata party between 2004 and 2014 in not allowing parliament to function?
congress spokesperson randeep singh surjewala told media persons here.
modi asked the congress to adopt a resolution to allow parliament to function for the sake of the nation's development, adding that the party that ruled for six decades did not have the right to destroy its functioning for political reasons.
if the opposition has no right to speak, will modi-ji tell the people of india as to under what right parliament (functioning) was blocked by the bjp during the 10-year rule of the united progressive alliance government?
we believe the responsibility of running parliament is of the government and of championing the people's issues is that of the opposition.
the prime minister has given a complete go-by to constitutional norms, parliamentary values and democratic ideas, he added.
surjewala said: modi-ji only believes in his own branding, giving a complete go-by to the welfare of the poor.
we urge modi-ji and the bjp to take action against their own corrupt leaders.
he should remove madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , rajasthan cm vasundhara raje, chhattisgarh cm raman singh, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley and other tainted ministers and by all means let parliament function, the congress leader said.
bhopal, jul 27, 2015, (pti) 11:59 istunion home minister rajnath singh here today expressed confidence about the ongoing operation against the terrorists in gurdaspur district of punjab and said that the situation is under control.
i am confident about the operation which is underway and the situation is under control, the home minister told reporters at the airport here before heading for neemuch to attend the crpf raising day function.
singh said he had spoken to punjab chief minister prakash singh badal, the national security adviser ajit doval, director general of bsf and union home secretary l c goyal.
the home minister, however, refused to give details of casualties.
i have also instructed bsf to enhance vigil along the entire international border, he said, before leaving for neemuch with madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
when asked by a reporter whether the attack could be a reaction to the capital punishment awarded to yakub memon in 1993 mumbai blasts case or it was a case of cross-border terrorism, singh refused to comment.
the operation is going on and i won't say anything more than this at present, he said.
four heavily armed terrorists wearing army uniform today went on a rampage in gurdaspur district, attacking a bus, a health centre and a police station leaving five persons, including a policeman dead, and several injured.
army has launched operation against the militants who are holed up in dinanagar police station complex.
new delhi, jun 27, 2015 (pti) 14:47 istthe number of centrally sponsored schemes (css) is likely to be reduced to 30 from 72 with a chief ministers' sub-group of niti aayog reaching a broad consensus on the issue.
the panel has also recommended to increase the share of flexi funds to 25 per cent from the current 10 per cent.
the recommendations will be finalised by july 5 and consent of all members would be sought before submitting the final report to prime minister narendra modi.
some more suggestions have come.
i have formed a committee of niti aayog officials headed by its ceo.
it will deliberate.
.
.
prepare a final draft by july 5.
the panel has met for four times at an interval of almost one month.
the last meeting was held on may 28 in bhopal.
based on earlier meetings, a draft report was presented today to the members for comments, which was prepared by a committee headed by national institution for transforming india (niti) aayog's ceo sindhushree khullar.
the draft report suggested centrally sponsored schemes to be divided into two broad groups.
the first, core scheme, comprising of national development agenda that includes legislatively backed schemes such as mnrega, swachh bharat mission and mid day meal.
the final list will decided later.
the second is optional schemes for social protection and social inclusion.
based on the division of schemes into two part, the number of css would be 30, the draft stated.
according to draft, the centre's share would not be less than 50 per cent.
today's meeting was attended by the chief ministers of madhya pradesh, rajasthan, kerala, uttar pradesh, nagaland among others.
in each of the identified core schemes, ordinarily, centre will implement umbrella programme having a large number of components with a uniform funding pattern to suit states' requirement.
for general category states, under core schemes, centre and state would share funding in the ration 60:40 per cent.
however in schemes where centre's share is below 60 per cent, it will remain the same.
under the optional schemes for general category states, the funding would be shared equally.
but in schemes where centre's share is below 50 per cent, it will remain the same.
for 11 special category states under core sector scheme, centre and state sharing will be in the ratio of 90:10 per cent while for optional schemes it would 80:20 per cent.
the draft report also said that for all projects under css in which 30 per cent of the work has been completed, funding should be continued.
the sharing pattern under which the project was approved should also continue till march 2017.
if the projects remain incomplete even thereafter, state would have to complete the project using their own funds.
the draft report also says that the schemes in sector including poverty elimination, drinking water, swachh bharat, rural electrification, women and child health nutrition, housing for all and urban transformation should be give priority for realising 'vision 2022'.
as per the draft, the rationalisation of schemes and restructure funding patter of css should be implemented from 2016-17.
the sub-group was constituted by the prime minister in march this year in pursuance of decision taken in the first meeting of governing council of niti ayog a month earlier.
members of the chief ministers' sub-group include madhya pradesh (convener), arunachal pradesh, jammu & kashmir, jharkhand, kerala, manipur, nagaland, rajasthan, telangana, uttar pradesh and lt governor of andaman & nicobar islands.
ftii a symbol of what's happening across country: rahulnew delhi/amethi, aug 19, 2015 (pti) 20:54 istcongress vice-president rahul gandhi today came down heavily on the narendra modi government over the midnight crackdown on protesting pune film institute students and arrest of five of them, and said ftii is a symbol of what is happening across the country.
claiming our creativity is being suppressed and crushed under what he called rss/bjp education model, rahul said that ftii is a symbol.
it is happening across the country, and told prime minister narendra modi that the protesting students were not criminals who needed to be arrested in a midnight crackdown.
protesting ftii students arrested in midnight crackdown.
our students are not criminals, modiji.
silence.
suspend.
arrest: modi mantra for ache din, the congress vice president said on twitter earlier in the day.
rahul said the vyapam scam in madhya pradesh was not just a case of corruption, as many believe, but also reflected a systematic degradation in the education system, in the process of which many made money.
he alleged that people associated with rss and bjp and those who believe in a particular ideology were being appointed in senior posts in higher educational institutes.
you may call it the madhya pradesh model.
you may call it rss model, bjp education model.
.
.
, rahul told reporters in his amethi parliamentary constituency in uttar pradesh.
they think they can suppress and crush our creativity.
.
.
, he said, adding that the congress party would take up the issue and support the ftii students.
it was suppressed in orop issue, now students of ftii are being threatened.
the students told us that they were being internally threatened everyday.
.
.
they think that our creativity and ability could be crushed, rahul said.
rahul had visited the ftii in pune in july to express solidarity with the protesting students demanding removal of gajendra chauhan as chairman.
the congress vice president's reference to silence on his tweet was apparently to the prime minister's silence on the opposition demand for resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the wake of the lalit modi controversy and that of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan over the vyapam scam.
the reference to suspend related to the suspension of 25 congress member of lok sabha in the recently concluded monsoon session of parliament for repeatedly disrupting proceedings while seeking action in the lalit modi case and vyapam scam.
in a midnight swoop, police arrested five students of the film and television institute of india (ftii) in pune, charging them with rioting and other offences in connection with the gherao of director prashant pathrabe.
the students on strike for the last 69 days against appointment of bjp member and tv actor gajendra chauhan as the institute chairman, had gheraoed pathrabe on monday evening, challenging his decision to go ahead with the assessment of the incomplete diploma film projects of the 2008 batch.
mp farmers' protest turns violent, 5 killedpress trust of india, bhopal: jun 7 2017, 1:43 istas tension prevailed, mobile internet service was suspended in mandsaur, ratlam and neemuch districts.
five people were killed and two injured in violence that broke out during a farmers agitation in the mandsaur district of madhya pradesh on tuesday, prompting the authorities to clamp curfew in the area.
eyewitnesses said the victims suffered bullet wounds, but district authorities denied that there was any firing by the police on the protesters who torched vehicles and threw stones.
farmers in western madhya pradesh are protesting since june 1, demanding higher minimum support prices among other things.
mandsaur collector s k singh confirmed the death of five people and said a magisterial inquiry has been ordered.
as tension prevailed, mobile internet service was suspended in mandsaur, ratlam and neemuch districts.
singh also said, the police have told me that neither did they fire nor did they have any orders to fire.
curfew has been imposed in pipalya mandi police station area of the district where the incident took place, while prohibitory orders restricting movement under section 144 of the crpc have been imposed in rest of the district and in neighbouring ratlam district.
an in-camera autopsy of bodies was held to ascertain the cause of death, the collector said.
trouble was reported from many parts of western madhya pradesh as farmers stir continued for the sixth day on tuesday.
in indore, police baton charged farmers who started throwing stones during a march.
in dhar, farmers blocked the indore-ahmedabad national highway for about three hours.
shops in the local market remained closed all day in neemuch city.
while the congress called for a statewide bandh on wednesday, chouhan blamed the opposition party for instigating the violence.
i request the farmers to be patient.
do not fall into the trap of anyone.
the government stands with farmers.
we will solve all problems through discussion, chouhan tweeted.
the leader of the opposition in the assembly, ajay singh, said, all the claims of the chief minister have proved false so far.
now, the government is using bullets to suppress farmers voice.
chouhan should resign immediately.
shanta kumar reminding bjp of raj dharma, says congressnew delhi, july 22, 2015, dhns: 0:58 istthe congress on wednesday seized upon bjp veteran shanta kumars letter bomb to hit back at the modi government over the lalitgate controversy and vyapam scam.
even shanta kumar is supporting our stance and is raising an important voice of introspection and is possibly reminding the bjp of raj dharma, aicc spokesman gaurav gogoi told reporters here.
he was referring to the bjp veterans letter to party president amit shah in which he said that issues like lalitgate and vyapam scam had eclipsed the achievements of the modi government.
from rajasthan to maharashtra, people started pointing fingers at us.
reports about madhya pradeshs vyapam scam made all of us bow our heads in shame, 80-year-old kumar, a former chief minister of himachal pradesh who currently represents kangra in the lok sabha, had said.
gogoi reiterated the demand for resignations of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for allegedly helping former ipl boss lalit modi get british travel documents and madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan for his alleged involvement in the vyapam scam.
i think it is time for the bjp to realise that when the opposition is raising these issues, it is not merely a disruption but an important issue which is finding resonance within their own party, gogoi said.
to questions on the alleged scams in water projects in assam and goa and the bjps allegations against uttarkhand chief minister harish rawat, he said the congress was not afraid of discussing these issues.
new delhi, aug 10, 2015, (pti): 13:16 istafter a lull, the lalit modi controversy and vyapam scam returned to disrupt the proceedings of the lok sabha today as congress members stormed the well holding placards and shouting slogans, much to the dismay of the speaker.
the 25 congress members, whose five-day suspension by the speaker had ended on friday evening, were back in the house in full strength.
during their suspension, several opposition parties were either boycotting the proceedings in solidarity or walking out of the house all these days.
amid bedlam created by a united opposition, speaker sumitra mahajan adjourned the house for 30 minutes at the suggestion of sp supremo mulayam singh yadav to call leaders of various parties to break the logjam.
yadav's suggestion did not find favour with congress as sonia gandhi was seen saying no and party leader mallikarjun kharge suggesting that the sp leader was giving his individual views.
as yadav again sought to press his point, gandhi was seen telling partymen to resume slogan shouting in the well, which was temporarily stopped when the sp chief was speaking.
while yadav, his nephew and party colleague dharmendra yadav, rjd's jai prakash narayan yadav and aap's bhagwant mann decided to meet mahajan, congress members refused to do so.
placards and slogan shouting were back in the house as soon as speaker rejected opposition's notices of adjournment motion to discuss lalit modi issue and vyapam scam.
in his speech, kharge slammed external affairs minister sushma swaraj for making a statement on the lalit modi issue last week when virtually the entire opposition was not present in the house.
taking a dig at swaraj who was not present then, kharge said she had used or misused the situation of the absence of the opposition by delivering a long speech.
but her statement will not end the issue.
.
.
what she has done (her alleged help to lalit modi) is not in national interest.
she has helped a fugitive, an economic offender.
.
.
check the files about what (then union minister) p chidambaram had said, kharge said.
when he alleged that the help extended to the former ipl chief was not humanitarian, but commercial in nature, there was an angry reaction from the treasury benches.
speaker asked kharge not to raise the issue further and said the opposition can raise it later.
while most congress members were in the well raising slogans and holding placards, they were joined by some members from the left parties.
while some other left members were standing on their seats, trinamool congress members too were standing on their seats but not raising slogans.
ysr congress members were also on their seats holding placards demanding special category status for andhra pradesh.
while in their last rounds of protest, congress members had concentrated on lalit modi issue in their placards, today they targetted madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan for 48 deaths in vyapam scam.
demanding jail for him, they also sought a reply from prime minister narendra modi on the issue.
won't allow screening of srk film, says right-wing outfitindore, dec 14, 2015, pti: 20:54 istahead of the upcoming release of the shah rukh khan-starrer 'dilwale', a right-wing group here has threatened movie theatres in the city against screening the film as it objected to comments by the bollywood superstar on the intolerance debate.
the announcement by hind rashtra sanghatan (hrs), a little -known outfit, that it will oppose the screening of the film has prompted the film federation of india (ffi) to seek the necessary preventive actions from authorities here.
the film, which also stars kajol, is set for release on december 18.
we've met police and civil authorities and requested them to take stern action against hrs, ffi president jaiprakash chowksey said today.
the authorities should ensure that the screening is not hindered as the film has been cleared by censor board, he added.
an ffi delegation will also meet madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan and request him to instruct the police and the officials concerned to take the necessary steps to allow the smooth screening of the film, he said.
hrs has put up banners here saying it will vandalise any cinema halls screening the film.
hrs head rajesh shirodkar, who claimed he was also a bjp member, said shah rukh was making irresponsible statements over intolerance and that it has vitiated the atmosphere in the country.
he said his organisation has appealed to film distributors and cinema-hall owners to not screen the film.
on his 50th birthday, shah rukh had expressed concern over rising intolerance in the country amidst a raging debate on the issue.
the development here comes even as a group affiliated to mns in maharashtra today appealed to the people to boycott the film as it charged that the actor had ignored the plight of farmers reeling under severe drought in the state.
new delhi, dec 6, 2016, (pti): 14:49 istleaders across the political spectrum today paid glowing tributes to late tamil nadu chief minister jjayalalithaa, describing her as a towering figure in indian politics.
lauding the leadership qualities and administrative abilities of jayalalithaa as outstanding, congress president sonia gandhi said that as leader of aiadmk and as a four-time chief minister of tamil nadu, jayalalithaa had a unique and deep empathy with the needs and hope of people.
congress party, my family and i personally share the grief and pain of the people of tamil nadu and her devoted supporters in aiadmk, who have lost their beloved amma.
she was a towering figure in our national and political life who won admiration across the political spectrum for the intrepid spirit with which she faced the ups and downs of her life in politics, for her commitment to the people of her state and her dedication to the honour of india, she said.
in her condolence message, sonia said jayalalithaa lived her entire life with the same indomitable courage with which she battled her last illness.
whether it was her welfare schemes for the rural and urban poor or her swift measures in the aftermath of tsunami or her vision for tn's industrial development, her leadership qualities and administrative abilities were truly outstanding, she said.
condoling her demise, congress vice president rahul gandhi said, we lost a great leader.
women, farmers, fishermen and the marginalised dreamt through her eyes.
we will miss jayalalithaa ji, amma to millions.
mourning the demise of his tamil nadu counterpart, bihar chief minister nitish kumar announced one-day state mourning in the state as a mark of respect to the departed leader.
in a condolence message, kumar said jayalalithaa's demise has caused an irreparable loss in the fields of politics, society and art and culture not only in the state of tamil nadu, but the entire country.
paying rich tributes to jayalalithaa, rjd supremo lalu prasad described her as a pro-poor, popular, bold and result-oriented leader of the country.
deeply saddened to hear demise of #amma, a pro-poor, popular, bold, strong and result oriented leader of country.
truly u wil be dearly missed, he said in a post on twitter.
my sincere prayers and thoughts are with people of tamil nadu, well wishers and family.
#amma did a lot for marginalized, farmers and poor.
rip, he said in another post.
sincerely and humbly request people of aiadmk and tamil nadu to bear this huge loss with courage.
#jayalalithaa has left a huge blank in politics, the rjd supremo said.
in her condolence message, jammu and kashmir chief minister mehboobamufti described jayalalithaaas a mass leader who fought for her people.
she said the late leader was one of the learned politiciansof the country.
expressing grief, bjp veteran l k advani said jayalalithaa was a dominant political personality from tamil nadu and a very popular and dynamic leader of the poor and downtrodden.
she had tremendous will power and carved a special niche for herself in the politics, he said, recalling that the former film actor was referred as the queen of tamil cinema.
delhi's lt governor najeeb jung said in his condolence message that jayalalithaa was an extraordinary politician with exceptional administrative skills.
she was one of the greatest political leaders of contemporary india and was a source of inspiration to many.
in her sad demise, india has lost a unique leader, who touched the lives of millions of people.
she was an extraordinary politician with exceptional administrative skills and immense following, which made her a distinct leader in indian politics.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan described jayalalithaa as a symbol of women's empowerment.
jayalalithaa was not only the chief minister of tamil nadu, but also a respected leader of the entire nation.
in his condolence message, jharkhand chief minister raghubar das said with her charismatic leadership, she took tamil nadu on the path of development.
her relation with the people was strong, das said, adding the country lost a leader whose replacement was not possible.
telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao said her death is a great loss to the tamil society.
he said the way jayalalithaa emerged as the political heir to late m g ramachandran from being an actress was inspirational.
at a time when women entering politics was rare, jayalalithaa created a political history in contemporary tamil nadu politics by becoming aiadmk's general secretary and later as chief minister of tamil nadu, rao said.
rao directed telangana ministers t harish rao and n narasimha reddy to attend the funeral of the departed leader.
condoling the demise of jayalalithaa, goa chief minister laxmikant parsekar, i am saddened by the demise of jayalalithaaji.
it was a shock for all of us.
she had been a great, popular leader.
i pay homage on behalf of the state of goa.
may her soul rest in peace, the he said.
describing jayalalithaa's demise as a national loss, odisha chief minister naveen patnaik, who would be attending the aiadmk supremo's funeral, today said she was the leader of the masses and had made immense contribution to the development and welfare of the people of tamil nadu.
moving the obituary motion on jayalalithaa's death, in the assembly, patnaik described her as the 'iron lady' of tamil nadu.
the house was adjourned for the day after paying tributes to the departed leader.
arunachal pradesh chief minister pema khandu mourned the demise of jayalalithaa.
in his condolence message, khandu expressed his grief of losing one of the most charismatic, influential and dedicated leaders ever produced by the country.
lovingly called amma, who worked for the poor and the downtrodden she left behind a political legacy to cherish, khandu said.
i believe, leaving this mortal world will not diminish the love and affection showered on her by the people and her soul will remain immortal, the chief minister said.
khandu also prayed to lord buddha to bestow o pannerselvam, who was sworn in as the chief minister hours after jayalalithaa's demise, with the strength to bear the irreparable loss.
gujarat governor o p kohli and chief minister vijay rupani today paid rich tributes to jayalalithaa.
expressing heartfelt condolences for the popular chief moinister of tamil nadu, rupani in his message said she made a special place in the heart of every citizen of southern state.
her death is a great loss to not just her party aiadmk, but also for all the people of tamil nadu, he said.
expressing deep grief over the death of the 67-year-old chief minister, kohli stated in his condolence message that she was a multi-talented human being and a popular leader of tamil nadu.
citizens will always remember her pro-people work, he said.
describing jayalalithaa as people-friendly charismatic leader, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee her demise is a big loss.
she urged the people of tamil nadu and aiadmk to face this big loss with courage and greatness.
popular, strong, bold, efficient, amma.
always at the heart of people.
i am shocked, saddened, banerjee said in her message.
two tmc mps - derek obrien and kalyan benerjee will attend the funeral in chennai.
kejri sacks bribe-tainted ministernew delhi, oct 10, 2015, dhns 2:48 istchief minister arvind kejriwal on friday sacked delhi food and supplies minister asim ahmed khan from his cabinet for reportedly taking a bribe of rs 6 lakh from a builder in his constituency.
i will not spare my son or (deputy chief minister) manish sisodia if they indulge in corruption and if i slip up, manish will act against me, kejriwal said at a hurriedly called press conference to announce khans removal.
khan, who represents matia mahal seat, will be replaced by ballimaran legislator imran hussain.
kejriwal said the probe has been handed over to the cbi.
till the cbi completes the investigation, he (khan) will not be a minister, kejriwal said, reiterating his governments resolve to act against corrupt officials, legislators or cabinet ministers.
khan vowed to come clean and told reporters late in the evening that he has resigned from the party as he was told to do so till the cbi probe was over.
the image of the party should remain clean, he said, calling the allegations against him as a conspiracy by the opposition.
we got a complaint of corruption against khan.
the complainant had given a letter and an hour-long audio recording.
prima facie, it appears to be a serious matter, said kejriwal.
he also claimed that he and sisodia confirmed the matter through a preliminary probe before deciding to remove khan.
playing a short audio clip, kejriwal said the wrongdoings and the sting operation were conducted over two months by the complainant, whose name has been withheld due to threat to his life, and khan allegedly used a middleman to deal with the builder.
the chief minister did not mention whether he and sisodia heard khans voice in the audio clip.
he also did not indicate whether the clip played for the media carried the ministers voice.
in one audio clip, khan is purportedly haggling over the bribe money.
in another, there is a conversation over delivering the bribe money to iqbal outside moti mahal hotel in daryaganj.
the bribe was paid as protection money to let the construction of the building to continue and prevent disruption.
kejriwal remained silent when asked whether khan would be sacked from the party but dared prime minister narendra modi to sack bjp leader and madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , who is linked to a recruitment scandal.
khan is the second minister of the kejriwal cabinet to lose his berth over a controversy.
then law minister jitender singh tomar resigned under pressure in june after being arrested for allegedly faking his educational degree.
delhi bjp chief satish upadhyay said khans role in the recent onion scam and the murder of one shehzad in turkman gate a few months ago should also be probed.
speaker stresses on tolerance at religious eventbhopal, oct 25, 2015, dhns: 0:42 istlok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan on saturday emphasised on the importance of tolerance while addressing a three-day international seminar on religion and spiritualism in indore.
speaking on the context of simhastha 2016, mahajan, the chief guest at the event, said the meaning of dharma is very wide and tolerance is the foundation of religion.
she said the indian culture speaks about conserving environment and emphasised on researching the scientific basis of our traditions.
she also lauded this years mahakumbh, saying it will make simhastha more meaningful.
bhutans foreign minister damchi dorji, who was also present on the occasion, said religion is a means to achieve peace, adding conclusions drawn in the pre-simhashta seminars would be fruitful for human welfare.
sp back to protesting in parliamentnew delhi, august 12, 2015, dhns: 0:59 istjust a day after the samajwadi party (sp) appeared to break ranks with the opposition in parliament and distance itself from the congress, its lok sabha members on tuesday joined agitating congress members in the well and raised slogans.
however, their demands were different.
the congress and left party mps continued to stall lok sabha proceedings, demanding madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan's resignation for his purported involvement in a recruitment scam.
the sp lawmakers joined them in the well, but sought to keep their agitation distinct with placards that read: make public caste census data, stop discrimination against backward castes and ensure justice to backward castes.
in an all-party meeting convened on monday by lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan to end the logjam in parliament, sp chief mulayam singh yadav had said his party would no longer support the congress if the latter continued to stall proceedings.
his warning came after the first two weeks of parliament's monsoon session saw very little work in the lok sabha, as congress and left party mps disrupted the proceedings demanding resignations of not only chouhan, but also external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for their purported role in helping tainted ipl ex-chief lalit modi procure travel documents from the british government.
the sp was with the congress and the left parties throughout the two weeks.
yadav and his mps were also protested against 25 congress members' suspension from the lok sabha last week.
so, yadavs warning on monday stunned the congress, while the ruling bjp was happy with the indication of his willingness to break ranks with the opposition.
however, on tuesday, the sp's dharmendra yadav and akshay yadav followed congress and left party mps into the well of the house to protest.
jai prakash narain yadav and other rashtriya janata dal mps joined them, raising slogans on the caste-census data.
yadav sat on the front row near congress president sonia gandhi.
after question hour ended and papers were laid, mahajan allowed yadav to speak on his partys demands.
he first requested the speaker to restore order in the house, and later made a brief statement demanding implementation of reservation policies in accordance with the caste-census data.
kick row: mp minister says boy was drunkbhopal, nov 3, 2015, dhns: 1:44 istin a twist to the controversy over madhya pradesh animal husbandry minister kusum mehdele kicking a boy, the minister said on monday that the 20-year-old was in a highly intoxicated state and had fallen at her feet.
in a press statement, mehdele wrote: the person who fell on my feet was a 20-year-old boy who was highly intoxicated and had lost his balance.
.
.
as a result, i avoided him and moved towards my car and went to attend a meeting with district officials.
on sunday, mehdele was caught in a row when a footage of her kicking a boy was aired on tv channels.
the incident took place on the premises of panna district bus stand where she had come to participate in a swaccha abhiyan on the occasion of madhya pradeshs foundation day.
the teenager who was kicked by the minister was traced by mediapersons.
tribal boy mulwa gour was found in village itwa, brajpur police station of panna district.
he dismissed the ministers version of the incident and said that he would no longer beg before big people.
i had simply asked for five rupees from jiji (as the minister is popularly known) as i was hungry and wanted to buy some food, he said.
madhya pradesh decides to shift to jan-dec fiscal formatbhopal, press trust of india, may 2 2017, 18:24 istshivraj singh chauhan announced the shift in fiscal year from april-march to january-december.
photo credit: pti.
madhya pradesh today became the first state to announce shifting of its financial year format to january-december from the present april-march cycle.
a decision to this effect was taken during the state cabinet meeting held here today.
the decision comes close on the heels of prime minister narendra modi making a pitch for shifting the fiscal year to january-december period during niti aayog's governing council meet in the national capital recently.
the state cabinet in its meeting chaired by chief minister shivrajchouhan today decided to shift the fiscal year january to december.
so, now the budget session of the next fy would be held in december-january, state public relations minister narottam mishra told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
when asked about the ongoing fiscal 2017-18, the minister said that the state government would try to finish the current budget proceedings by december this year.
we would try to finish the current fiscal by december this year.
so the next budget would either be presented in december this year or january next year, he added.
addressing the states during niti aayog governing council meeting on april 23, modi had said, in a country where agricultural income is exceedingly important, budgets should be prepared immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year.
he had said there have been suggestions to shift the financial year from january to december.
changing the financial year format to january-december would mean shifting the tax assessment year, changes in infrastructure, specially at the company level.
rahul targets pm over corruption, why no action against shivraj?
new delhi, july 9, 2015, (pti) 19:51 istreminding prime minister narendra modi of his poll promise to end corruption, rahul gandhi today asked why is he not taking action against madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , who is embroiled in the massive admission and recruitment scam.
throwing a barb at the prime minister, the congress vice president said he had just one question.
i have just one question.
mr prime minister, what you say must carry weight.
from what the people of india and i remember, our pm had said, which i would like to reiterate, 'na khaoonga, na khane doonga' (will not engage in corruption myself, nor allow others).
why are you allowing corruption in rajasthan?
what are you doing to bring back lalit modi?
why are you not acting against shivrajchouhan , he said in brief remarks here.
congress has been slamming modi for not sacking rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje following revelations that she helped fugitive former ipl boss lalit modi.
the party has also accused bada modi (pm) of shielding chhota modi (lalit).
of course, rahul said when asked whether the beleaguered mp chief minister should quit in the wake of the supreme court ordering a cbi inquiry into the vyapam scam.
rahul's jibe invited sharp retort from bjp which reminded him of his silence over scams exposed during the upa dispensation and said unlike congress its government had gone for a cbi probe.
unlike congress and rahul gandhi, we are not hushing up corruption cases and nor are we searching for ways to escape from courts' scrutiny.
bjp leaders have gone to the high court and supreme court, seeking a cbi probe.
when congress was indulging in scams, then gandhi was silent, said bjp spokesperson shahnawaz hussain.
congress has been demanding resignations of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and raje for helping lalit modi and that of hrd minister smriti irani for misrepresenting facts about her educational qualifications, and maharashtra minister pankaja munde for her alleged involvement in a scam by clearing purchases worth rs 206 crore on a single day without inviting tenders in violation of the norms.
it is also seeking resignation of chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh in the wake of a rice scam in which rs 36,000 crore are alleged to have been misappropriated.
new delhi, july 6, 2015, dhns: 1:39 istat a time when the narendra modi government and the bjp central leadership are backing beleaguered madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , union water resources minister uma bharati has raked up old rivalry by saying she feels scared and fears that her name might be dragged into the vyapam scam.
i am scared, and i fear they might be harmed and it may sully my image, said bharati when asked about the increasing number of deaths of people linked with the scam.
the latest among the deaths are a trainee sub-inspector recruited through vyapam.
the apprehensions of bharati, who has had a running feud with chauhan for years now after she was ousted from the state politics when he became chief minister, are similar to those expressed by opposition parties, who have been demanding a supreme court-monitored cbi probe to unravel the mysterious deaths of over 40 people linked to the scam.
they have also sought chauhans sacking to ensure a fair probe.
the bjp mp from jhansi said options should be explored for an independent probe into cases registered so far in the scam, in which around 2,500 are named as accused in 55 different cases.
though the saffron-clad minister tried to do a balancing act by insisting that she had full faith in the sit and chauhan for the truth to come out, she said she felt hurt when named as an accused in one of the firs, and when the case details were leaked to the media.
the mental stress i felt was the same as any other innocent person would in that situation, she said.
leela dhar, who lives in the servant quarters of an official bungalow of bharati in madhya pradesh, was named an accused in one of the cases.
the mp ex-chief minister said local police tried to implicate leela in a fabricated case.
death of yet another witness in vyapam scam, stf tells courtbhopal, jul 9, 2015, (pti) 15:57 istthe death of yet another witness in the vyapam scam has come to light with the special task force (stf), which is probing the case, telling a special court he died of liver ailment in february.
the stf officials yesterday informed the court that the witness, identified as sanjay singh yadav, aged around 35, died of serious illness on february 8 at a private hospital in bhopal.
the stf also submitted his death certificate before the court.
according to yadav's family members, he was suffering from hepatitis-b and some liver problem, a senior stf official said.
yadav was a witness in the constable recruitment scam in which three accused, identified as azharuddin, naeem and kaseem, all residents of uttar pradesh, were arrested.
the arrests were made in bhopal in front of yadav as witness, the official said.
a number of accused and witnesses in the infamous vyapam scam, related to admission in medical colleges and recruitment for various government jobs, have died mysteriously.
investigative tv journalist akshay singh died mysteriously at meghnagar in jhabua district last week after he had interviewed the parents of a girl who was found dead after her name figured in the massive scandal.
a us-based media watchdog recently demanded a credible and thorough investigation into the death of singh.
soon after the incident, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , who was earlier reluctant to hand over the probe into the scam to cbi, decided to write to the mp high court for an investigation by the central agency into the scandal which is said to have claimed over 40 lives, including that of witnesses.
all eyes are on the supreme court which is scheduled to take up a batch of petitions for ordering a cbi probe into the multi-crore scandal after the high court yesterday deferred hearing on a state government's plea for a probe by the central agency.
chennai, dec 6, 2016, (pti) 19:59 istlakhs of grieving men and women today bid a tearful adieu to j jayalalithaa, the charismatic chief minister who held sway over tamil nadu politics for more than three decades with a pro-poor image, as the aiadmk supremo was buried here with full state honours.
president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendra modi, congress vice-president rahul gandhi, union minister venkaiah naidu, chief minister o panneerselvam, his counterparts from several states, governor vidyasagar rao, dmk leader m k stalin and superstar rajnikanth were among the dignitaries who paid homage at rajaji hall where the body of 68-year-old jayalalithaa lay in state since early morning.
sasikala natarajan, the close confidante of jayalalithaa for over three decades, was beside the body throughout the day and later conducted the religious rituals before the sandalwood casket was lowered at a site close to mgr memorial on the shores of marina beach.
no sooner had the brief rituals concluded at around 6 pm, the casket carrying the mortal remains of the five-time chief minister was lowered after a gun salute amid emotional chants of 'amma vazhga' (long live amma) by a sea of humanity which had converged at the burial site.
various leaders including naidu, rao, gandhi, leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, paneerselvam, speaker dhanapal and former governor k rosiah placed wreaths at the feet of the body that was draped in a silk saree in her favourite green colour and a sandalwood garland placed around her neck.
earlier, thousands of people hailing 'puratchi thalaivi amma' (revolutionary leader amma) walked with the cortege that was part of a military convoy in which her coffin was carried, wrapped in the national flag and covered with flowers.
amid heavy security cover, the funeral procession made steady progress to the destination, a distance of three km from rajaji hall in the government estate, passing through madras university and the burial site opposite the british-era iconic pwd building.
big photographs of jayalalithaa, an actor-turned- politician, were placed all around the coffin even as people showered the hearse with flowers, as sasikala accompanied the body.
with the central government ordering a state funeral, personnel from the three armed forces paid their respects and gave a guard of honour before sasikala conducted the last rites with the aid of a brahmin priest.
the rituals include sprinkling of water, offering of rice, showering of flower petals and sandalwood pieces.
jayalalithaa, a spinster who never shied away from flaunting her religious identity and beliefs, was surprisingly buried and not cremated.
she was laid to rest by the side of her mentor and actor-turned politician m g ramachandran, a former chief minister.
lakhs of people had packed the area around rajaji hall where men and women wept in grief as they attempted to reach the body of their amma or mother.
the mortal remains of jayalalithaa was earlier taken from her poes garden residence to rajaji hall, hours after she died at a private hospital late last night after battling for life for 75 days.
modi flew in from delhi to pay his homage to jayalalithaa with whom he enjoyed a personal rapport.
the prime minister consoled a teary-eyed sasikala and placed his hand over her head.
at the burial site, the pit where jayalalithaa's mortal remains were lowered was filled with sand and mud amid showering of flowers.
this was preceded by offering of milk and holy water on her body.
then nails were hammered on the coffin that was engraved with the words 'puratchi thalaivi selvi' in tamil, before being lowered.
jayalalithaa's body was also covered with an aiadmk party flag red and white in colour with an image of dravidian ideologue and former chief minister c n annadurai.
en route the funeral procession, those on board the cavalcade showered flower petals all along even as aiadmk workers and supporters walked along chanting puratchi thalaivi amma pugazh onguga (let the reputation of revolutionary leader amma grow).
emotional men and women thronged terraces of high rise buildings and on both sides of the road, for having a last glimpse of the departed leader that was being taken in a long cavalcade of several vehicles besides the gun-carriage.
amid tight security, which included the deployment of armed reserve and rapid action forces, the procession wound its way to the famous marina beach peacefully.
tens of thousands of party workers and common people had gathered at the mgr memorial site there, waiting patiently for several hours to witness the burial ceremony.
those who paid homage to the late leader at rajaji hall, included madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , odisha chief minister naveen patnaik, andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan, karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah, governor p sathasivam and former prime minister h d deve gowda.
a host of film personalities, including superstar rajinikanth, actors sarath kumar, sivakarthikeyan, dhanush, actress gauthami, besides veteran artistes who had worked with jayalalithaa decades ago, also paid their last respects.
visiting singapore foreign minister vivian balakrishnan also paid his last respects.
no threat to bjp government in mp from vyapam: ministernew delhi, july 20, 2015, (ians) 15:55 istwith the opposition threat to disrupt parliament, commerce minister nirmala sitharaman on monday said there was no threat to the ruling bjp from the vyapam scam.
there is absolutely no threat to the bharatiya janata party, sitharaman told reporters, referring to the government in madhya pradesh, when she was asked about the alleged recruitment scandal in the state.
there is no basis to these complaints, she said of the congress allegations that madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan was to blame and must quit.
the chief minister's stand has been recognised and the cbi is investigating (the case).
.
.
the cbi will investigate, and we are fully prepared, sitharaman added, while speaking to reporters here on the sidelines of an event at ficci.
bhopal, jul 20, 2015 (pti) 15:21 istdays after he lodged a complaint with cbi against senior bjp leader and former union minister vikram verma, vyapam scam whistleblower and government doctor anand rai has been transferred from indore to dhar district.
rai had lodged a complaint with the cbi alleging that verma, using his influence and power, had got his daughter, pursuing mbbs in santosh medical college at ghaziabad, transferred to gandhi medical college in bhopal.
rai, who was on deputation at the health department's training institute in indore, was transferred yesterday.
his wife gouri, who is also a government doctor, too was transferred from civil hospital at mhow in indore to ujjain district hospital last month.
however, unfazed by the transfer, dr rai today said that he is going to move the court to challenge his transfer.
i am being hounded for lodging a complaint against verma on july 17 and exposing the vyapam scam.
people involved in the wrongdoings were running the state, he alleged.
meanwhile, another vyapam scam whistleblower ashish chaturvedi said he along with his colleagues will write a letter to madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan seeking that the transfers of rai and his wife be revoked.
if the government doesn't do so, we are going to protest, chaturvedi said.
the whistleblowers in mp are being hounded, he alleged.
we won't sit quiet against the corrupt government.
president's rule should be imposed in madhya pradesh to replace governor ram naresh yadav and chief minister chouhan, who are also allegedly involved in the vyapam scam and holding highest posts in the state, he said.
the cbi has registered at least 12 cases so far, following supreme court's direction, to probe the scam.
massive irregularities in various professional examinations and government job tests conducted by madhya pradesh professional examination board or 'vyapam' have been unearthed.
the scam allegedly involves several state government officials, former ministers and politicians.
at least, 55 cases have been registered by the mp police and 2,000 accused have been arrested, police said.
the opposition congress has alleged that at least 49 people associated with the scam have so far died under mysterious circumstances.
mp mla booked for inciting people to set ablaze police stationpress trust of india, shivpuri (mp), jun 13 2017, 14:13 ista video, which recently went viral, purportedly showed khatik inciting people to set a police station ablaze.
file photocongress mla shakuntala khatik has been booked for allegedly inciting people to set ablaze a police station, amid violent protests by farmers in madhya pradesh.
a video, which recently went viral, purportedly showed khatik inciting people to set a police station ablaze.
the video was shot on june 8 when khatik, who represents karera assembly segment in madhya pradesh's shivpuri district, was staging a protest at karera police station against the killing of farmers in mandsaur.
karera's sub-divisional officer of police (sdop) anurag sujania said the fir was registered against khatik, block congress president venus goyal and others early today.
the congress mla and others have been booked under ipc sections pertaining to rioting, unlawful assembly, punishment for obscene acts or words in public and assault or criminal force to deter a public servant from discharging his duty, he said.
on june 8, khatik was leading a protest march during which an effigy of chief minister shivrajchouhan was burnt.
the police poured water on the effigy in a bid to douse the flames, in which the woman legislator got partially drenched.
this irked khatik, who later sat on a protest at the police station along with her supporters and the video was shot during the sit-in.
the video showed the mla purportedly asking her supporters to set the police station on fire.
the farmers' protest in madhya pradesh, which began on june 1, took a violent turn on june 6 when five cultivators were killed in police firing in mandsaur district.
subsequently, the farmers' protests witnessed bandh and arson as the agitation spread to other western madhya pradesh districts, including neemuch, dhar, ratlam and jhabua.
chief minister shivrajchouhan had launched an indefinite fast in bhopal on saturday with an appeal for peace and met farmer leaders.
however, he ended his fast on sunday saying peace has returned to the state.
before ending the fast, he assured people that those involved in the deaths of farmers in mandsaur would be punished severely.
5 farmers were killed in 'police firing': mp home ministerpress trust of india, bhopal, jun 8 2017, 11:52 istthe minister's remarks assume significance as the authorities had been claiming that the police had not fired during protests at pipliamandi in mandsaur district in which five farmers were killed two days ago.
ani photomadhya pradesh home minister bhupendra singh today said that the five casualties during farmers' agitation in mandsaur occurred during police firing.
five persons were killed in police firing, singh told pti over the phone.
the minister's remarks assume significance as the authorities had been claiming that the police had not fired during protests at pipliamandi in mandsaur district in which five farmers were killed two days ago.
minutes after the incident, the then mandsaur collector s k singh had told pti that the police told him categorically that neither did they fire nor did they have any orders to fire.
asked what provoked the police to fire, the home minister said it is being probed in the magisterial inquiry.
however, he said the situation was now peaceful in western madhya pradesh.
meanwhile, contingents of rapid action force (raf) were today deployed in mandsaur which has been on the boil since the violence two days ago.
two companies of raf, comprising around 100 men each, have moved into pipliamandi, the police said.
while two companies of raf have been posted in the district's garoth area, another two have been deployed along the mwoh-neemuch highway to prevent any untoward incidents, they said.
the situation is tense but under control, the police said.
dig ratlam range avinash sharma is camping in pipliamandi where farmers, agitating for the last seven days for loan waiver and better crop prices, defied prohibitory orders yesterday, beat up officials and policemen and resorted to violence and arson.
senior police officials have also been deployed to oversee the law and order situation in all sub-divisions of mandsaur district, the official said.
the situation in western madhya pradesh is posing a major challenge for chief minister shivrajchouhan and providing a rallying point for the opposition parties.
the shivrajchouhan government had sought to cool tempers by announcing certain measures, including a loan settlement scheme for those cultivators who had defaulted on repayment of farm loan borrowed by them earlier.
the scheme will cover around six lakh farmers, with accumulated dues of rs 6,000 crore, according to the government.
parl logjam: minister talks about 'no work, no pay'varanasi/new delhi, aug 2, 2015, (pti) 14:25 istamid a logjam in parliament, union minister mahesh sharma has said there is a suggestion for applying 'no work, no pay' policy on mps like it is being done with regard to bureaucrats, triggering a debate after which he went into a denial mode.
there is a suggestion that like for the bureaucrats there is 'no work, no pay', we should implement for the mps also, he told reporters in varanasi in uttar pradesh yesterday.
sharma, the minister for tourism and culture, went on to add that the government is planning this and senior ministers are in touch with the opposition to reach a consensous.
there is a planning for it.
our government is trying and our senior ministers are in touch with the opposition.
there is an effort to reach a consensus before the tough action is taken, he said.
on a visit to varanasi, sharma was replying to the queries of reporters as to whether the union government was mulling over any proposal of 'no work, no pay' policy for the mps stalling parliament as public money is going waste.
parliament has not been functioning properly ever since the monsoon session began on july 21 as the opposition parties have been pressing for resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in connection with lalit modi controversy and madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan over vyapam scam.
respectively.
the comments triggered a debate, with opposition parties wanting to know if it was his view or that of the government.
amidst this, sharma today said, i still want to see what i had said.
.
.
.
definitely it is not my statement and i just want to see that.
he added that, i am not the authorised person.
i am not the competent person, and i am not the required person to comment on this issue.
i think this will be a matter of our speaker and our senior ministers to discuss.
i understand that when the member of parliament doesn't work, it is as per the order of the speaker.
the speaker says that the house is adjourned.
so i will not call, but the whole country, the common man is behind this that the parliament should run, sharma said.
he said there should be no wastage of tax payer's money.
people are watching how opposition is behaving in this manner and they are not allowing parliament to run in a democratic manner.
.
.
i would want to see if somebody raises this question over there that when a worker doesn't get a salary what should happen, the minister added.
earlier reacting to his yesterday's comments, congress spokesperson manish tewari wondered why the government was having this sudden change of heart.
to hit out at the nda government, he said bjp had vociferously opposed the same suggestion given by congress after the then opposition party had wiped out an entire session of parliament in 2010.
cpi leader d raja asked whether this is sharma's individual suggestion or represents the government's view.
one should ask the union minister whether it is a proposal made by him or by the government itself.
the minister should not make some irresponsible comment, raja said.
government has been making all possible efforts to end the two-week-long deadlock in parliament with an all-party meeting scheduled for tomorrow.
speaker sumitra mahajan had also convened an all party meeting to end the deadlock.
in varanasi, sharma had accused the opposition parties of playing spoilsport because of lack of issues to debate and said the government is ready to debate on any issue.
bjp and our government want that the parliament should function.
but when someone doesn't have any issue to debate on, then the tactic is to play a 'spoilsport', sharma said.
suspension of 25 mps new low in house historynew delhi, aug 04, 2015, dhns: 0:07 istthe suspension of 25 congress mps by lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan marks the second low in the infamous history of parliament.
mahajan suspended the mps for five working days on monday by invoking rule 374 (a) that empowers presiding officers to penalise members for causing grave disorder by coming into the well of the house or abusing the rules of the house persistently and wilfully obstructing its business by shouting slogans.
to suspend mps beyond five days, the speaker has to move a motion for the house to adopt.
on july 27, mahajan had suspended west bengal congress mp adhir ranjan chowdhury for rest of the day for insulting the chair after he banged a placard on her table in the house.
the speaker handed out a milder punishment, despite the bjp wanted that he should be barred from attending the entire monsoon session.
the opposition party has taken a strong stand against modis government refusal to sack external affairs minister sushma swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje (over lalitgate) and madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (over vyapam scam).
defending the speakers move, a senior minister said the first time a large scale suspension took place was during a budget session of lok sabha in 1989 when parliamentary affairs minister hkl bhagat moved a motion for naming and suspending 58 mps following commotion over the tabling of the thakkar commission report.
later five more were suspended bringing the total figure to 63 on the same issue.
in the winter session of 2014, 17 mps  eight belonging to andhra pradesh and nine of telangana region  were suspended for disrupting house on the issue of carving out separate state of telangana.
a year prior to that, 12 mps were suspended.
tall leaders such as socialist icon dir ram manohar lohia and his follower madhu limaye were suspended.
besides, as per government parliamentary statistic, there are other instances of penalising errant mps in 1963, 1972, and 1987 as well.
new delhi, aug 11, 2015, (pti): 13:26 istlok sabha today witnessed unabated ruckus with sloganeering congress members holding placards protesting against the government over the lalit modi controversy and vyapam scam, even as the government assured that it was ready to discuss all issues.
notwithstanding the pandemonium, speaker sumitra mahajan continued with the question hour amidst the din of slogan- shouting by congress members who were in the well.
left members joined the congress in the anti-government protest.
sp members, along with those from rjd and jd(u), also stormed the well demanding release of caste census data.
as unrelenting opposition members continued the protests, parliamentary affairs minister venkaiah naidu said the government was ready to discuss all issues.
he said the lalit modi controversy and the opposition demand for external affairs minister sushma swaraj's resignation raised by the opposition is just an excuse, they want to stop gst bill.
the congress has also been demanding the resignation of rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje on the same issue and that of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan over the vyapam scam.
the speaker's appeals to the protesting members in the well to return to their seats fell in deaf ears, saying their conduct was unruly.
i am not going to adjourn the house.
congress vice president rahul gandhi was also seen joining party colleagues in raising slogans from his seat and thumping desks.
congress president sonia gandhi and sp chief mulayam singh yadav, who had differed with the congress party about its protests in the house, were seen chatting before start of the proceedings.
earlier, the speaker rejected notices for adjournment motions moved by various members, including from congress and the left on various issues.
mahajan then took up question hour as the noisy protests continued.
responding to a supplementary question relating to food parks in uttar pradesh, food processing minister harsimrat kaur badal took a dig at rahul gandhi, without naming him, regarding the cancellation of a proposed food park in his constituency of amethi, an issue that had generated a lot of heat in the last parliament session.
while members from the treasury benches were seen thumping their desks at the minister's reply, congress members continued slogan-shouting.
from their seats, ysr congress members were also seen displaying placards demanding special status for andhra pradesh.
after raje, congress trains guns on shivraj chouhannew delhi, june 27, 2015, dhns: 1:32 istafter vasundhara raje, the congress on friday trained its guns on madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
senior congress leaders approached the election commission accusing chouhan of violating the model code of conduct enforced in the state for the bypoll to the garoth assembly constituency.
at the same time, the main opposition party kept up the attack on rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and accused her of striking quid pro quo deals with former ipl boss lalit modi for setting up a cancer institute in rajasthan.
aicc general secretaries digvijay singh and mohan prakash met chief election commissioner nasim zaidi with a memorandum against chouhan accusing him of inducing a local bjp leader for mustering his support in saturdays byelection.
congress leaders also submitted a audio cd containing purported conversation between bjp leader rajesh choudhary and chouhan.
the congress accused chouhan of alluring chaudhary to seek vote from a particular community in favour of the bjp candidate for which he would be suitably rewarded.
stepping up attack on raje, aicc general secretary c p joshi claimed the rajasthan government had flouted all rules to sign a memorandum of understanding with the champalimaud foundation of portugal.
joshi said after the affidavit by raje in favour of lalit modi to stay in the uk away from the reach of indian authorities and law, it was now apparent that she blatantly violated the government financial rules (gfr), codal formalities and all laid down procedures of financial, tendering and administrative propriety to help the portuguese medical facility that was treating lalit modis wife.
another aicc spokesman ajoy kumar accused raje of having direct financial dealings with lalit modi, an absconder facing charges of rs 1,700 crore fraud by the enforcement directorate.
citing rajes affidavit filed with the election commission during the 2013 assembly elections, he said the document showed that she owned 3,280 shares in niyant heritage hotel.
demanding rajes resignation, kumar said the election commission affidavit shows proof of their (lalit modi and vasundhara raje) links and vasundhara raje has no right to sit even for one day in the chief minister's seat.
we have presented a mountain of evidence and we are wondering if not now, when would the bjp take action, kumar said.
parliament passes land billnew delhi, sep 4 , 2013 dhns 3:11 istthe parliament on wednesday passed the long-awaited legislation on land acquisition that seeks to change the antiquated legal framework for acquiring land and guarantee better compensation, rehabilitation and resettlement benefits to people affected by acquisitions.
the bill was passed in the rajya sabha with four official amendments, which was suggested by madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (bjp) and accepted by the congress.
the amendments, said union rural development minister jairam ramesh, were intended to ensure there was no negative effect of the new legislation on irrigation projects.
the right to fair compensation and transparency in land acquisition, rehabilitation and resettlement bill was passed by the lok sabha on august 29, three days after the lower house gave its nod to the national food security bill.
the ruling coalition hopes the two bills will salvage its prospect in the 2014 parliamentary election.
with the bill passed by houses, it will now be sent for presidential ascent after which it will become a law.
summing up the debate in the rajya sabha, ramesh said the legislation was not linked to 2014 election as it was in the works for seven years.
rather it is a necessary legislation as the basic structure of the land acquisition act, 1894 is wrong.
we have tried to maintain a balance between urbanisation and industrialisation on one hand and farmer's rights and welfare, he said.
the legislation which will replace the 1894 act, proposes payment of compensation up to four times the market value of the land being acquired in rural areas and two times the market value in urban areas.
even the people whose livelihood was dependent on the land would also be compensated.
the new law makes it mandatory to obtain prior consents of at least 70 per cent of land owners in case of acquisitions for public-private-partnership projects and of 80 per cent in case of private projects.
pm speaks to cms after quake, convenes high-level meetingnew delhi, april 25, 2015 (pti) 16:05 istin the wake of the massive earthquake, prime minister narendra modi today spoke to the chief ministers of various states and convened a high-level meeting to take stock of the situation.
the prime minister, who is keeping a close watch on the situation, spoke to chief ministers of bihar, sikkim, up and madhya pradesh.
we are in the process of finding more information and are working to reach out to those affected, both at home & in nepal, modi tweeted immediately after the quake whose epicentre was in nepal and measured 7.
9 on the richter scale.
the prime minister has convened a high-level meeting with ministers & top officials at 3 pm in the wake of the situation arising due to the earthquake.
a strong quake measuring 7.
9 on the richter scale shook nepal and several parts of india, including the national capital, leaving a trail of devastation in the himalayan nation.
modi has taken report of the situation in districts of up and bihar that are bordering nepal.
he has also spoken to the sitamarhi mp, the pmo tweeted.
pm @narendramodi has spoken to bihar cm shri @nitishkumarjdu ji in connection with the earthquake.
in the wake of the earthquake, pm has spoken to sikkim cm shri pawan chamling, pmo tweeted.
due to the situation, the pm also spoke to madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , it said in another tweet.
vyapam scam: police to reopen case of student's deathujjain, jul 8, 2015, (pti) 14:14 istpolice have ordered review of the suspicious death of mbbs student namrata damor, whose body was found near railway tracks in ujjain district in 2012 after her name figured in the infamous vyapam scam of madhya pradesh.
namrata's case has come back in focus after the sudden death of tv journalist akshay singh in jhabua district's meghnagar town recently after he interviewed namrata's father.
ujjain district's superintendent of police manohar singh varma told pti today that, we have ordered a review of the death of namrata damor.
sub divisional officer of police (sdop), tarana, r k sharma will reopen the case.
namrata's body was found under mysterious conditions near the railway tracks on january 7, 2012.
earlier police had registered a murder case in this regard and later termed the incident as an accident and closed the case, a police official said.
namrata was studying at the government mgm medical college in indore and it was suspected that she took admission with the help of the racket involved in the high-profile vyapam scam that is said to have claimed 45 lives.
buckling under pressure, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan had yesterday made a u-turn and decided to seek an investigation into the murky vyapam scam by cbi on a day the supreme court agreed to hear petitions in this regard.
following chouhan's announcement at a press conference, the state government moved the madhya pradesh high court seeking its direction for institution of a cbi probe into the massive admission and recruitment scam.
the supreme court has agreed to hear tomorrow the plea of congress leader digvijay singh and three whistle-blowers seeking an apex court-monitored cbi probe into the scam.
the madhya pradesh professional examination board (mppeb) scam, also known as the vyapam scam, is a massive admission and recruitment racket involving several bureaucrats and politicians.
the congress and the opposition cannot tolerate the path of progress under me in madhya pradesh.
they have been demanding my resignation from the beginning.
they are bringing disrepute to madhya pradesh, he told reporters here when he was asked about the demand for his resignation.
we requested the (madhya pradesh) high court that the probe should be done by cbi.
the matter is likely to come up before the supreme court tomorrow.
that is why yesterday i sent a request to the high court for a thorough cbi probe into the vyapam matter under the high court-monitored stf, he said.
the chief minister said death of people related to the scam was unfortunate and he was confident that truth would come out in a cbi probe.
to a query on why the probe has not covered the state governor, he said the high court has held that he was a constitutional authority, implying he enjoyed immunity.
chouhan attacked the congress and other opposition parties saying they were indulging in a reckless propaganda of bringing disrepute to the state.
the congress party has categorically demanded two separate supreme court-monitored cbi inquiries into the vyapam scam and the deaths/murders of 49 individuals so far, party spokesperson r p n singh told reporters here.
the supreme court is set to hear separate pils related to the vyapam scam, including the one filed by congress leader digvijay singh, on thursday.
the congress accused chouhan of trying to hoodwink the people by not even mentioning the scam-related deaths in his communication to the madhya pradesh high court requesting a cbi probe into the matter.
vyapam is bigger than the haryana recruitment scam and the bihar fodder scam, singh said in an attempt to bracket chouhan with convicted former chief ministers om prakash chautala and lalu prasad respectively.
while chautala is serving a jail term, prasad has been barred by the election commission from contesting elections.
he (chouhan) is reported to have written to the madhya pradesh high court, saying he has full faith in the special task force and its functioning till now.
on the other hand, he asks for cbi investigation into the vyapam scam.
this mutually contradictory communication demonstrates the chief ministers real intention, singh said.
rain heaps misery on mp, keralabhopal/kozhikode/new delhi, aug 7, 2012, pti 23:53 istpm asks mod to deploy choppers to rescue peopleheavy rains and floods claimed as many as 60 lives in madhya pradesh and kerala while scores of villages have been affected by floods.
prime minister manmohan singh on tuesday also directed the defence ministry to deploy helicopters to rescue people stranded in remote areas of uttarakhand, following a meeting with chief minister vijay bahuguna, who sought the centres help to tackle the situation in his state.
with rivrs like narmada, betwa and tawa flowing above the danger mark, 50 villages were affected by the flood, out of which condition in 20 of them was alarming.
an air force helicopter had been requisitioned to evacuate those surrounded by flood near various rivers, he said.
nearly 50,000 people in the state were affected by heavy rains, he said, adding that everything will be done to ensure their safety.
chouhan also mentioned that soyabean crop had been damaged because of the rains.
however, there has been scanty rainfall in alirajpur district of the state where efforts were being made to prevent migration of people, he said.
in kerala, nine people, including five of a family, were washed away in flashfloods triggered by heavy rains in kozhikode and kannur districts, official sources said on tuesday.
eight of the deaths were reported in pulloorampara hill region of kozhikode district where flash floods washed away some houses on monday, while a boy drowned in flood waters in kannur district on tuesday morning.
about 40 houses have been damaged in the flash floods in pullorampara where the heavy downpour also triggered four landslips resulting in road blocks.
an elderly couple, their daughter-in-law and two grandchildren, including a three-year-old boy, were swept away by the deluge in kozhikode on monday.
three other bodies were recovered by rescue teams in kozhikode, officials said.
in kannur, nine-year-old akshay was swept away by the swirling flood waters in iritty.
new delhi, feb 1, 2015, (ians) 18:56 istafter a 49-day aap government and president's rule for nearly a year, delhi will vote later this week to elect a new administration whose control has virtually become a two-horse contest between the bjp and the aap.
the congress, which governed delhi for 15 years and whose tally tumbled from 43 seats to 8 in the 2013 assembly polls, has arguably been out of the running for the 70 assembly seats since the beginning of the poll campaign.
a total of 673 candidates from various political parties are in the fray for the feb 7 (saturday) polls.
the results will be out feb 10.
for a resurgent bharatiya janata party (bjp), which has been on a winning streak in other states' assembly polls after it rode to power in the centre in the 2014 lok sabha polls, it is a battle of prestige.
it has been out of power since 1998 in the national capital.
for the aam aadmi party (aap), which resigned following a 49-day stint after it stunned the entire country by toppling the ruling congress, winning delhi is a make or break of sorts.
the poll campaigning has already reached its crescendo with the aap and the bjp pulling out all stops and going hammer and tongs at each other.
on the one hand, the bjp is hard-selling prime minister narendra modi's model of development to gain power and on the other, it is running a high-decibel campaign to slam the aap and its chief, arvind kejriwal.
by issuing advertisements in the print and electronic media, which lampoon kejriwal, the bjp has made it quite evident that it sees the aap as its only roadblock in claiming the delhi throne.
so much so that it roped in kejriwal's friend-turned-foe and former police officer kiran bedi and declared her as its chief ministerial candidate.
the move was in contradiction to its earler stand of contesting under a collective leadership.
since women's security has also become a major poll issue, the step was also seen as crucial to wooing women voters.
there are 13.
3 million voters, of whom 5.
9 million are women.
we can't take them (aap) for granted like we did in the last polls, said a senior bjp leader.
he, however, said the party will romp home as kejriwal has been exposed.
how serious a threat is the aap to the bjp is clear from the fact the bjp-led central cabinet ministers and other stalwarts like madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan had to be brought in to campaign.
modi has already held three poll rallies in the capital and is expected to address two more.
besides, tackling a powerful and resourceful bjp, the aap's other challenge is to convince voters that it won't quit again.
in all the public meetings across the capital, which will total up to 120 by feb 5, as an aap source said, kejriwal never forgets to make one particular point: is bar istifa nahin denge.
(won't resign this time).
kejriwal quit as delhi chief minister last feb 14 after failing to pass the anti-graft jan lokpal bill in the assembly.
president's rule was imposed feb 17.
in the 2013 polls, the bjp had bagged 31 seats and the aap 28.
the people were upset with us only because we quit the government.
but we are driving our point home in every public meeting we hold that we were forced to resign, aap leader manish sisodia told ians.
in an interview to ians, kejriwal had admitted that middle class had become disillusioned with the party, but was now returning to the aap's fold.
it would be an uphill task for the congress to regain ground.
it seems more to be a battle for survival.
the party is banking on former union minister ajay maken, who has been appointed as its campaign chief.
delhi congress unit chief and former minister arvinder singh lovely not contesting reflects the low morale of the party.
a three-time cabinet minister in sheila dikshit's cabinet, lovely was one of the eight mlas who retained their seats in 2013.
in its manifesto, the party eulogizes its achievements during its 15-year rule and offers what largely seems to be promises already made by the aap - cheap power and water.
we are reaching out to people and telling that both the aap and the bjp are two sides of the same coin.
aap made a mess of delhi in 49 days and bjp failed to do anything for delhi in the past seven months, maken told ians.
so far, congress chief sonia gandhi and her son and party vice president rahul gandhi have addressed three rallies.
the party is trying to woo the voters living in slums - a traditional vote bank which shifted to the aap in the last poll.
we are aiming to get at least 12 seats, said a party insider.
sanjay kumar, a fellow at the centre for the study of developing societies told ians: congress retaining its seats might throw another hung assembly in delhi.
chief ministers reach chennai to pay tributes to jayachennai, dec 6, 2016 (pti) 16:26 istseveral chief ministers today arrived here to pay their last respects to j jayalalithaa and hailed their late tamil nadu counterpart for being a leader of the masses whose demise has left a vacuum in public life that cannot be filled.
what she did for women, the mothers and daughters, made her amma (mother).
her demise has left a vacuum in public life which cannot be filled, he said.
paying tributes, chouhan hailed jayalalithaa's welfare schemes for the people of tamil nadu.
he said many states were intending to replicate the various welfare schemes introduced by jayalalithaa.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal called jayalalithaa a leader of the poor.
she was a sensitive leader, brave leader, her heart beat for the common people.
in indian political system, it is difficult to fill the vacuum.
people of delhi are also grieved over her death and i bring my condolences, he said here.
odisha chief minister naveen patnaik in his condolence message said jayalalithaa made immense contribution to the development and welfare of the people of tamil nadu.
i am deeply shocked by the sad demise of j jayalalithaa.
she was the leader of the masses and made immense contribution to the development and welfare for the people of tamil nadu, he said.
karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah also paid tributes to the 67-year-old leader, who passed away last night after battling for life for 75 days.
senior bjp leader and urban development minister m venkaiah naidu said jayalalithaa's death was an irreparable loss to tamil nadu.
she has lived in the hearts of people, and living in the hearts of people.
people of tamil nadu consider her as a mother and fondly called her amma and amma means so much affection, he said.
the entire country was mourning her demise, naidu added.
entire nation believes that we lost a dynamic, courageous bold administrator and an excellent public leader who had won hearts of the people, he said.
naidu said he and his cabinet colleague pon radhakrishnan had been deputed by the centre to participate in the final rites of the aiadmk leader and the funeral in chennai.
bhopal, jul 7, 2015, (pti) 19:05 istafter resolutely rejecting calls for a cbi probe, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan today decided to seek an investigation into the murky vyapam scam by the central agency on a day the supreme court agreed to hear petitions in this regard.
following chouhan's announcement at a press conference, the state government moved the madhya pradesh high court seeking its direction for institution of a cbi probe into the massive admission and recruitment scam.
we have filed a plea in the high court seeking a cbi probe into the vyapam scam, additional advocate general p kaurav said.
under intense opposition attack and mounting public outrage over a string of deaths of people associated with vyapam, a beleagured chouhan, a third time chief minister, announced his decision to recommend to the high court a cbi inquiry.
loktantra lok lajja se chalta hai (public perception is important in democracy).
i have full respect for both high court and the supreme court and have total faith in the ongoing probe into the vyapam scam, he told a hurriedly convened press conference in bhopal.
in a related development, the supreme court today agreed to hear on july 9 the plea of congress leader digvijay singh and three whistleblowers seeking an apex court-monitored cbi probe into the scam.
singh, a former mp chief minister, and whistleblowers -- ashish chaturvedi, anand rai and prashant pandey -- have also moved the apex court seeking a cbi probe under its supervision.
as chouhan buckled under all round pressure to go for a cbi probe, a day after union home minister rajnath singh ruled it out in the absence of a direction from the court, congress dismissed the move, insisting merely an investigation by the premier agency would not suffice and that it should be monitored by the supreme court.
latest decision of shivraj to write to high court for cbi probe is another attempt to muzzle the truth.
congress rejects it in toto.
for a fair probe and justice to victims, supreme court-monitored cbi probe is the answer, congress's communication department chief randeep surjewala said in delhi.
party leader digvijay singh criticised the prime minister for his silence on the issue.
the prime minister remains mum in the country, he only tweets about what is happening in tunisia, algeria, he said.
singh, who has filed a petition in the supreme court seeking a cbi probe in the scam, said he would request the apex court to monitor the probe on a weekly basis as in case of the 2g scam.
the needle of suspicion points at the chief minister, he added.
cpi(m) too echoed congress' views and supported an sc-monitored cbi probe.
it labelled the vyapam episode as the most dangerous cocktail of corruption and crime and demanded that chouhan step down until a probe into the sordid scam got over.
we hear now that the chief minister (is) saying that they are not opposing any cbi enquiry.
we are now saying whether they oppose or not oppose, there should be (a) thorough cbi enquiry supervised by sc into the sordid affair.
the chief minister should demit office till the enquiry is completed, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said.
the bjp, however, hailed chouhan's announcement and hit back at the congress for playing politics of death and said a thorough probe will expose and corner the opposition party.
bjp was absolutely clear in its intention that we wanted probity of highest order, we wanted probe by highest body and this was articulated by none other than finance minister arun jaitley and home minister rajnath singh.
chouhan was under mounting pressure from opposition parties, particularly the congress to order a cbi probe following the death of arun sharma, the dean of a jabalpur medical college probing the scandal on sunday in delhi, a day after akshay singh, a journalist of the tv today group on the vyapam scam trail, mysteriously died minutes after he had interviewed the parents of a deceased girl accused.
at least five people associated with vyapam, including sharma and singh, have died under mysterious circumstances in the last one week.
the opposition has claimed nearly 45 people linked to the scandal in some manner have died so far though the official figures put the unnatural deaths at 25.
.
.
the questions which have been raised need answers.
it has become necessary now that cbi investigates the case.
asked if he wanted the cbi probe to cover cases of unnatural deaths as well, he said the agency should probe all aspects.
asked to comment on congress' demand for an sc-monitored investigation by cbi, the chief minister said,i am ready.
.
.
some friends have moved the honourable supreme court.
.
.
hc has monitored it, now let sc do that, i am ready.
he accused digvijay singh of hitting below the belt by making unfounded allegations after repeatedly losing in elections.
chouhan's announcement of a cbi probe surprised many as union home minister rajnath singh had yesterday said the state government cannot order a cbi probe into the scam.
sit probe into the scam is on, and the government cannot direct the high court or the supreme court on the issue, he said in jhabua yesterday, noting the mp high court and the supreme court had already rejected pils seeking a cbi inquiry.
if the supreme court or the high court feels that the probe is not perfect to the extent it should be, then it will give directions and the government will immediately accept it and hand over the matter to the cbi, he had said.
meanwhile, chandresh bhushan, a retired high court judge heading the special investigating team monitoring the ongoing investigation in the scam by mp police's special task force, said the vyapam deaths were not mysterious but abnormal.
as of today, nothing has been brought forth by stf that these deaths are related to the scam, he said, rubbishing suggestions that sit was under pressure from the state's bjp government.
we don't act under pressure, he said.
as the opposition kept up its attack on chouhan over the scam and modi for his silence on the issue, in potentially controversial remarks law minister d v sadananda gowda termed the scandal as a silly issue on which the prime minister need not comment.
see, certain issues which are so simple issues, so silly issues that need not be answered by the prime minister.
our home minister (rajnath singh), ministers of concerned departments and even my party (bjp) president amit shah have answered everything.
for each and every silly issue prime minister has to answer.
it is not fair, he said.
gowda, however, later said he had referred to the lalit modi controversy and not the vyapam scandal.
frequent parliament disruptions agonising : former speaker somnath chatterjeenew delhi, aug 2, 2015, (pti); 15:43 istformer lok sabha speaker somnath chatterjee today described as very agonising the frequent disruptions of parliament and lamented the inadequacy of the position of the presiding officer who is unable to run the house because of circumstances beyond his control.
chatterjee, during whose tenure as speaker between 2004 and 2009 bjp was the main opposition party, recalled he too faced long periods of trouble.
i used to be told sometimes just through a phone call half an hour before the house was to assemble for the day that it will not run on that day as our party has decided that it should not run, he told pti in an interview.
the former speaker regretted that the fight in parliament was getting worse with no meeting point.
whoever is in the opposition is feeling he is not being heard, he said.
referring to the current scenario when bjp has a majority on its own and the opposition is a weakened lot, he said,it is weakening the whole process of parliamentary democracy.
opposition finds no way out.
ruling party feels why should i talk because i have majority.
ultimately, it leads to ordinances and government orders and parliament sessions remain unproductive, he said.
a no holds barred fight erupts as all ways for settlement of the demands of the opposition are closed, he said, adding the evolving political culture is very agnoising.
such circumstances, he said, showed the inadequacy of the position of the speaker whose plight is extremely painful.
asked what would be his advice to speaker sumitra mahajan to end the deadlock, the veteran former parliamentarian said,the speaker does not need any advice.
parliament's monsoon session has been a virtual washout so far with opposition congress resolutely following the no resignation, no discussion line.
the opposition has been insisting on the resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for helping fugitive former ipl boss lalit modi.
it is also seeking madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan's ouster over the vyapam scam.
new delhi, july 21, 2015 (pti) 14:07 istan adjournment motion on the vyapam scam is likely to be moved by congress in lok sabha tomorrow giving a stormy start to the monsoon session on the first working day of the lower house.
a decision to take up the vyapam issue in a big way in lok sabha was taken at a meeting party chief sonia gandhi and vice president rahul gandhi had with party mps soon after the house adjourned today after paying obituary references, party sources said.
congress mps also plan to stage a dharna tomorrow in front of the statue of mahatma gandhi in the parliament house complex to demand action against those involved in the scam which the party is insisting is bigger than the 2g spectrum allocation scam.
sonia and rahul could participate in the dharna, the sources said.
the opposition party has been demanding the resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan insisting that a fair and impartial probe into the scam was not possible without his removal.
congress has decided to take up the issue of corruption in a major way in this session by raising the issue of vyapam as also the controversy involving former ipl boss lalit modi.
the party has been demanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje on the lalit modi issue.
bhopal, nov 20, 2015, (pti) 10:41 istretaining the ratlam-jhabua lok sabha and dewas assembly seats in the bye-elections to be held tomorrow will be crucial for bjp after its humiliating defeat in bihar polls, even as the congress is leaving no stone unturned to give the saffron party a tough fight.
bjp, relying more on 'sympathy wave', has fielded petlawad mla nirmala bhuria, daughter of dileep singh bhuria whose death necessitated the bye-election to ratlam seat.
in dewas assembly seat, the party has given ticket to gayatri raje puar, the widow of erstwhile ruler of dewas tukoji rao puar, the sitting bjp mla who died in june.
on the other side, the congress has put up a united face and is banking on former union minister kantilal bhuria to reclaim the ratlam seat from bjp, and young leader jaiprakash shastri in dewas.
the bypolls will be held tomorrow while the counting will take place on november 24.
the drubbing in the recent bihar assembly elections, and rss chief mohan bhagwat's quota review remarks appeared to have made bjp jittery, forcing madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan to strongly contend that till the time he is there, there will be no end to reservation.
sensing an opportunity in the bypoll, the otherwise divided congress party in the state has tried to project unity with all senior leaders, including general secretary digvijay singh, former union minister kamal nath and party's chief whip in the lok sabha jyotiraditya scindia and state unit chief arun yadav campaigning vigorously for kantilal bhuria.
digvijay, who is also the former chief minister of madhya pradesh, expressed confidence that the congress will perform better in both the constituencies.
in the bypolls, people normally vote on local issues and we are hopeful that congress will get good results in it, he said.
in an effort to retain both the seats, bjp, besides banking on its chief minister's charisma, also deployed union minister narendra singh tomar, party's national vice president and in-charge of state unit vinay sahastrbuddhe, national general secretary kailash vijaywargiya, state bjp president nandkumar singh chouhan and a number of state cabinet ministers, for the campaigning.
though the main contest is between bjp and congress in ratlam seat, the jd(u), buoyed by the success of the grand alliance in bihar, tried to put up a similar front by roping-in cpi, cpm, gondwana gantantra party and bahujan sangarsh dal in the state to provide an alternative.
jd(u) president sharad yadav also campaigned for alliance candidate vijay haari by spending two days in the tribal constituency.
during the last lok sabha election, kantilal bhuria lost to dilip singh bhuria, a former congressman who switched over to bjp during the 'modi wave' in 2014.
when dilip was in congress, he won the lok sabha polls from the constituency, earlier known as jhabua seat, five times consecutively from 1980 to 1996.
dilip won the seat last year, but his death in june this year necessitated the bypoll.
meanwhile, the congress, which won the polls from the seat since 1951, except in 1971, 1977 and 2014, is likely to have a fair chance to win it back again.
in 2014, the bjp won the polls from ratlam-jhabua seat by a margin of 1,08,452 votes.
a total of eight candidates are in fray for the bypoll to ratlam where 17,42,628 will exercise their right to franchise.
congress instigating, politicising mp farmers' stir: naidupress trust of india, new delhi, jun 8 2017, 13:35 istunion minister m venkaiah naidu.
dh file photounion minister m venkaiah naidu today accused the congress of instigating and politicising farmers' stir in madhya pradesh and termed rahul gandhi's planned visit to the violence-hit mandsaur as another photo opportunity.
speaking to reporters here, naidu also dismissed the congress' demand that chief minister shivrajchouhan step down from his post in view of the deaths of five protesting farmers in police firing.
targetting the opposition party, he recalled an incident in the state's betul district on january 12, 1998, where 24 farmers died allegedly in police firing ordered by then chief minister and congress leader digvijay singh.
the congress is instigating and politicising the issue.
it should stop doing that and behave as a responsible political party to help restore normalcy there, naidu said.
he dubbed the party vice president's planned visit to mandsaur, the hotbed of the ongoing farmers' agitation, as yet another photo opportunity.
on chouhan's resignation, naidu questioned whether singh had resigned from the post of chief minister after the farmers, who were seeking compensation after a hailstorm, were killed.
did they seek resignation of singh when the 24 farmers were killed?
did the congress vice president visit the victim farmers then?
naidu asked.
the minister described chouhan as the most farmer- friendly chief minister and listed welfare measures taken by the bjp-led centre and state government.
vyapam probe was trial by fire for me: chouhanbhopal, jul 9, 2015 (pti) 15:26 istvyapam probe was trial by fire for me: chouhancalling the vyapam scam probe his trial by fire, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan today said he was grateful to the supreme court for accepting his request and ordering a cbi probe and urged the agency to begin investigation at the earliest to bring out the truth.
i am grateful.
whatever i have heard of the supreme court order.
it said 'we appreciate the stand taken by the attorney general on behalf of the state government and accept the request (for a cbi probe)'.
i am very thankful to the apex court, he told reporters.
the supreme court has appreciated our prayer and accepted it, he noted.
fending off allegations of his involvement, he said, this probe has been a trial by fire for me.
had i wished, there would be no probe.
but i wanted anomalies in the system to be detected and fixed.
he said the cbi should now begin its probe at the earliest.
the whole truth should come out before the nation.
asked if he had spoken to prime minister narendra modi on the issue, he replied in the negative.
asked about the congress' demand for his resignation, he said the opposition suffers from shivraj-phobia and has been hitting him below the belt.
they have been demanding it 5-6 times a day, he quipped.
the supreme court today ordered cbi to probe all vyapam scam cases and alleged deaths related to it and also issued notices to the centre, madhya pradesh government and the governor ramnaresh yadav on a plea seeking his removal over his alleged involvement in the scandal.
a bench headed by chief justice h l dattu said all cases will be transferred to the cbi from monday and the agency will file its report before it on july 24.
the madhya pradesh chief minister today returned to the state after spending a day in new delhi in connection with an official engagement.
he used the opportunity to defend his government and also to meet the family of journalist akshay singh, who had died under mysterious circumstances in the state while covering the scam.
an environment of suspicion has been created around these deaths and it must be cleared, he said.
welcoming the supreme court decision, the state's home minister babulal gaur said the court has accepted the state government's request in this regard.
we welcome it.
we have tried to fulfil our 'raj dharma' and we had requested the supreme court for a cbi probe.
the court has accepted out request and the truth will come out.
we have been trying for a free and fair investigation for the last two years, he said.
advani skips bjp goa meetb s arun, panaji, june 7, 2013, dhns: 2:00 istmodi issue likely to dominate proceedingssharp differences within the bjp became crystal clear on friday, ahead of its national executive, with party veteran l k advani staying away from the key office-bearers meeting.
speculations were rife that advani was unhappy over the reported move to make gujarat chief minister narendra modi the partys poll campaign panel chief.
while advani is expected to attend the two-day event over the weekend, the role for modi, who scored a hat trick in the gujarat assembly elections held in december, is likely to dominate proceedings.
the bjps sweeping victory in the gujarat by-elections wresting all the six (two lok sabha and four assembly) seats from the congress early this week has bolstered modis claim for the post.
the meeting is being held in the backdrop of speculations that modi would be appointed chairman of the bjp campaign committee for the next lok sabha elections.
recently, advani had praised madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , raising eyebrows within a section of the party.
he also added that gujarat was already a developed state when modi took over.
advani also suggested that there should be a parallel campaign committee for the forthcoming assembly elections in the northern states, but his choice for the post, nitin gadkari, declined the offer.
party leaders say it would be difficult to stop modi from assuming a leadership role.
the rss is said to have given the green signal for modi being made campaign panel chief as rss in-charge for bjp suresh soni met party president rajnath singh on thursday.
goa chief minister manohar parrikar seemed to have taken the lead as a pro-modi leader.
parrikar, who demanded the party to set a time limit for announcing who will lead the bjp in the ls polls, said: modi can catapult bjp to power.
he is our most popular leader.
he can bring victory to our party and the decision should be made in this meet.
the meeting was also marred by the unhappiness expressed by senior leader sushma swaraj, known to be close to advani, over his absence.
the meeting was delayed by nearly two hours, and started only after singh spoke to advani and requested him to attend the meet.
the party took pains to explain the veterans absence, otherwise known to be a stickler for party discipline.
singh said: i have only advised advaniji not to attend todays meeting as he is not well.
but he is reaching goa tomorrow.
senior leader venkaiah naidu asked the media not to read too much into advanis absence.
vyapam scam: aiims to send journo's viscera to cfsl to test for poisoningnew delhi, jul 8, 2015 (pti) 15:22 istaiims will send to the central forensic laboratory here the viscera samples of tv journalist akshay singh, who died under mysterious circumstances while covering vyapam scam, to test for poisoning and will conduct examination of tissues to study any manifestation of disease.
according to a senior doctor, the forensic department of all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) here does not have the required facilities to conduct the toxicological analysis of viscera samples which is used to determine if there is any poisoning and its source.
a three-member aiims board comprising additional professor dr adarsh kumar, professor dr millo tabin and senior resident doctor shashank pooniya, all from the forensic department of aiims, is conducting histopathological test which involves microscopic examination of tissues to study manifestations of disease.
there are two sets of viscera samples.
one set (tissues) we have accepted and have started doing histopathological examination of tissues.
while the other set of viscera samples will be sent to cfsl-delhi for toxicological analysis.
we have already told madhya pradesh police team to take the second set for chemical analysis.
it will be better that the other sample is sent to cfsl labs, said aiims' forensic head dr sudhir gupta.
according to sources at aiims, the institute does not have the mandate and the enhanced facilities required to conduct toxicological analysis of viscera samples, the reason why even in sunanda pushkar's case her viscera samples were sent to cfsl last year.
aiims yesterday had received the viscera samples.
now as per the procedure, the hod-forensic will write a letter recommending that the viscera be tested at cfsl and the police team will take the samples there, said the sources.
yesterday, a police team from jhabua, madhyan pradesh had come with the scribe's viscera samples and had handed it over to aiims forensic head.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan had also urged the union health minister j p nadda that viscera samples be tested at aiims.
as per post-mortem done by dahod general hospital in gujarat, no internal or external injuries were found on his body.
he had an enlarged heart and weight of the heart was more than normal and lungs were congested, the report stated.
however, doctors who conducted the autopsy had reserved their opinion on the cause of death, following which the samples were brought to delhi.
singh, who was working with delhi-based tv today group, was suddenly taken ill and died last saturday after having interviewed parents of a girl namrata damor, who had been found dead near railway tracks after her name figured in the vyapam scam.
the demand for sending the viscera outside the state was made by singh's sister in a letter to chouhan.
india today group, for which singh worked, had also urged madhya pradesh government to send his viscera sample to a forensic laboratory outside the state, preferably aiims at delhi, for a transparent examination.
a large number of accused and witnesses in the scam - a massive admission and recruitment racket involving several middlemen, medical college owners, bureaucrats and politicians - have died so far under mysterious circumstances.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal on friday publicly sacked food minister asim ahmed khan for allegedly demanding rs.6 lakh in bribe from a builder.
announcing this at a hurriedly called press conference where he played an audio tape of a conversation purportedly involving the builder, khan and a middleman, kejriwal said he won't tolerate corruption.
the aam aadmi party (aap) leader said the case was being referred to the central bureau of investigation (cbi).
we won't tolerate any corruption, even if it is by our ministers or legislators, said kejriwal, flanked by deputy chief minister manish sisodia and official spokesman nagendar sharma.
i'll not spare any minister, any legislator, even my son or even manish.
strict action will be taken against anyone involved in corruption.
i am sad to take this decision, he said.
till the cbi completes the investigation, he (khan) will not be a minister.
aap legislator imran hussain will replace khan in the delhi cabinet.
kejriwal began his press conference by saying that the aap was born from an anti-corruption movement.
we were forced to contest elections.
.
.
people trust us only because of our honest politics and anti-corruption stand.
we had dreamt of a corruption free india.
and we had said we will not compromise on corruption at any cost.
still keeping the media guessing, kejriwal said the step we are going to take is a solid step -- and he then announced khan's sacking.
he said an audio tape given to him on thursday established the claim of the complainant that the minister demanded rs.6 lakh from the builder for allowing illegal construction in his matia mahal constituency in old delhi.
prima facie it seems the matter is serious.
.
.
we cannot tolerate this.
he underlined that this was a decision of the aap government, and that the media did not unearth this episode.
kejriwal went on to demand that prime minister narendra modi should similarly sack madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , who is linked to a recruitment scandal.
khan is the second minister to bow out of the aap government in disgrace.
then law minister jitender singh tomar resigned under pressure in june after being arrested for allegedly faking his educational degree.
if we can remove our minister, then we can take action against anyone, kejriwal said on friday.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp), the only opposition in the delhi assembly where the aap has 67 of the 70 seats, and the congress made light of the minister's sacking.
sometimes kejriwal fights with (delhi's lt governor) najeeb jung, sometimes with pm (narendra modi), sometimes with (home minister) rajnath singh, and sometimes with his own people, said bjp leader ravi shankar prasad.
let his stories of fights be left to him, he said.
congress spokesperson r.p.n. singh added: this is the situation when there is no lokpal in delhi.
imagine if there was one, the whole cabinet would have to resign.
mppeb scam: bharati refuses to comment on cong's allegationsujjain (mp), feb 17, 2015, (pti) 13:29 istsenior bjp leader uma bharati today refused to comment on congress's allegation that there was an attempt to magnify her role by investigating agencies in connection with the madhya pradesh recruitment scam.
i will not speak on the issue.
i am going to clear the air by issuing a press statement over the issue, bharati said here when asked about her name being dragged into the scam.
asked when she will issue the statement, uma, who came here to pay obeisance to the famous deity of mahakal, said that it will be released shortly.
congress had yesterday attacked madhya pradesh chief minister chief minister shivrajchouhan on the issue of mp professional examination board (mppeb) scam alleging that the original excel sheet seized from a computer was tampered to shield him and his family.
congress general secretary digvijay singh alleged that there was an attempt to magnify bharati's role by the agencies probing the scam.
senior congress leaders, including digvijay singh, kamal nath, jyotiraditya scindia, suresh pachouri, pcc president arun yadav and leader of opposition in state assembly satyadev katare had in a joint press conference demanded a cbi probe into the scam and chouhan's resignation.
they claimed that though uma's name figured 10 times in the original excel sheet, it was magnified to 17 in the fudged excel sheet submitted by the special task force (stf), which is probing the peb scam, to the trial court.
however, state law and legislative affairs and parliamentary affairs minister narottam mishra had termed the allegations as baseless and untrue and an attempt to tarnish the image of chouhan after suffering a string of defeats in successive elections.
chouhan and bharati are seen as rivals in madhya pradesh bjp politics.
uma had led the party to a spectacular win in the 2003 state assembly polls after which she became the chief minister.
but, she had to resign following an arrest warrant issued against her by a karnataka court.
the mppeb scam was unearthed in july 2013 by indore police by arresting munnabhais (scorers) who appeared for original candidates in the pre-medical test (pmt) examination conducted by the board.
later, the government handed over the case to stf for detailed investigations.
offence comes to bjp's defence in parliamentnew delhi: july 21, 2015, dhns: 0:36 istthe bjp adopted the strategy of not giving a long rope to the opposition for disrupting legislative business in both houses of parliament, in a bid to checkmate the congress on the opening day of the monsoon session.
not only did external affairs minister sushma swaraj show promptness in facing the opposition in the rajya sabha, but the bjp is also set to rake up scams in congress-ruled states.
after finance minister arun jaitley told the rajya sabha the government was ready for debate a row involving swaraj, she tweeted: i am ready for a debate today itself.
i asked arun jaitley to convey this to rajya sabha (sic).
she followed it with another post, saying: .
.
waiting for oppositions response (sic).
on wednesday, the party is going to take a similar stand before the lower house.
the bjp has decided to bite the bullet and scuttle the opposition's move to rake up the vyapam scam, involving madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara rajes reported attempts to help ipl ex-chief lalit modi get british travel documents, by saying that these are state issues and cannot be debated in parliament.
the party has tasked its mps to raise scams involving the congress chief ministers besides raising robert vadras land-grab issue in parliament.
curfew lifted from mandsaur city, prohibitory orders to remain in forcepress trust of india, mandsaur (mp), jun 10 2017, 20:52 istin mandsaur, the curfew was imposed after five people were killed in police firing during a farmers' protest on june 6, it was today relaxed for 12 hours in five police station areas of the district.
photo credit: pti.
representational image.
curfew was today lifted from mandsaur city as the district, the epicentre of the farmers' agitation in madhya pradesh, remained peaceful though the restrictions on assembly would remain in force.
the district administration also said the internet services in the district, which were suspended on june 5 after out break of violence, will be restored by tomorrow morning.
mandsaur superintendent of police manoj kumar singh said the curfew has been lifted from all the three police station areas of the mandsaur city where it was imposed.
however, prohibitory orders under section crpc 144, which bans assembly of more than four persons, will remain in force in the district.
demonstrations, protests and rallies will not be allowed in the district, he said.
the curfew will remain in pipliamandi police station area which is 15 kms from mandsaur district headquarters and where five farmers were killed in separate police firings during the agitation.
in a joint press conference here, collector o p shrivastava said the internet services will be restored at earliest.
but if objectionable or inflammatory content is circulated on social media, the decision would be reconsidered, he added.
when asked about resumption of public transport, the sp said a meeting with bus operators will be held tomorrow in which they will be asked to restore their services.
singh said that security will be provided to bus staffers, petrol pump employees and milkmen so that they can work.
farmers in the state began protests over low prices for their crops on june 1.
the mandsaur-neemuch region, about 300 km from the state capital bhopal, became the nerve centre of the gathering storm of farmer distress.
later, protests spread to some other parts of the state.
in mandsaur, the curfew was imposed after five people were killed in police firing during a farmers' protest on june 6, it was today relaxed for 12 hours in five police station areas of the district.
their stir turned violent when five persons died in police firing, while six others were injured on tuesday in mandsaur district.
meanwhile, chief minister shivrajchouhan today began his indefinite fast at the dusshera maidan here for restoration of peace and promised profitable prices to farmers for their produce.
onus on pm for functioning of parliament: congnew delhi, july 26, 2015, pti: 14:12 istaccusing the government of arrogance and obduracy, congress today put the onus on prime minister narendra modi for functioning of parliament after a near washout of monsoon session's first week with opposition adamant on resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and two bjp chief ministers.
culpability and gross abuse of office in helping lalit modi, the indian fugitive, by both swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje are evident.
their explanations are weak-kneed and meaningless in view of proven criminality.
onus now lies upon the pm to take action by placing smooth functioning of parliament above the parochial interests of the bjp.
therein lies the test of his leadership and lofty promises on which he rode to power, party spokesperson randip surjewala said.
parliament has witnessed a washout since the monsoon session began on july 21 with congress-led opposition aggressively pressing for ouster of swaraj, raje, as also madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , rejecting the government's offer for a debate.
asking the government to listen to the opposition demand for fixing accountability on swaraj for gross impropriety and abuse of office, former union minister anand sharma attacked the government for stonewalling the justified demand of accountability by opposition in parliament.
holding that parliament can start functioning immediately after the prime minister invokes established set of standards and procedure in the matter, sharma said, there cannot be different set of rules for the bjp government.
parliament could not function in the first week because of arrogance and obduracy of the pm.
he said that apart from swaraj, action must happen against the rajasthan chief minister.
equally important is that the prime minister takes cognizance of the vyapam scam which cannot be termed as a state issue as students as well as residents of many states of india are among those who have died under suspicious circumstances, sharma said.
he said that the opposition wants parliament to function, to deliberate on many issues which concern the people and rued that it is not right on the part of the government that senior leaders of the treasury benches heckling leaders of the opposition and disrupting proceedings.
thus the blame of non-functioning of parliament lies at their doorstep, he said.
the chief minister spoke after anamika kushwaha, a trainee at the jawaharlal nehru training centre at sagar, jumped to her death in a nearby pond early monday.
the admission and recruitment racket in the madhya pradesh vyavsayik pareeksha mandal (vyapam) or the madhya pradesh professional examination board apparently involves politicians, officials and businessmen.
more than 40 people associated with the scam have died since 2013 - either in mysterious circumstances or have committed suicides.
just a day before anamika killed herself, arun sharma, the dean of a medical college in jabalpur in madhya pradesh who was connected with the scam probe, was found dead in a hotel room near the indira gandhi international airport in delhi.
sharma, 64, was assisting the team probing the recruitment scam by providing documents on fake medical entrance examinees in the state-run college, police said.
madhya pradesh minister narottam mishra said that as far as arun sharma's death is concerned, it is not linked to vyapam.
the most high-profile death in the case has been of shailesh yadav, son of governor ram naresh yadav.
shailesh, 50, was found dead at his father's residence in lucknow on march 25.
there are conflicting number of deaths related to vyapam scam.
congress puts these deaths at 48, while the special investigation team's figure is 33.
spirit of give & take can ensure passage of key bills like gst: congnew delhi, nov 24, 2015, (pti): 21:02 istahead of the winter session of parliament, opposition congress today signalled closing of ranks and told the government that only a spirit of give and take would ensure passage of key bills like the gst.
give and take is the essence of parliamentary democracy.
it is not a one way traffic in which the opposition supports all the measures irrespective of their deficiencies and government fails to amend them, congress leader in the lok sabha mallikarjun kharge told pti.
we are ready to cooperate, but if they want our cooperation, they will also have to reach out, was the refrain of the veteran congress leader.
he said this in reply to the heavy legislative agenda the government has planned for the month-long session, including the key reform measure gst, which commences on november 26 and concludes on december 23.
noting that the party would also reach out to other opposition parties for greater floor coordination, he recalled that the opposition unity in the last session had resulted in the government not proceeding ahead with the controversial land acquisition bill.
the opposition wanted to take up a host of issues including growing intolerance, inflation, drought, floods and atrocities on dalits and minorities, he said, adding that the opposition expected that the government takes it into confidence to run parliament smoothly.
prime minister's foreign tours and the investments generated from them is also one of the key issues the congress would like to take up, kharge said.
we also expect full cooperation from the speaker for smooth running of the house, kharge said in the wake of reports that sumitra mahajan has written to members to ensure acceptable decorum in the house in the session.
last session of parliament had seen a virtual washout of the proceedings in the wake of the congress demand for the resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the lalit modi controversy and madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan in the vyapam scam.
the session had also witnessed suspension of 25 of the 44 congress mps by the speaker.
this is the first session of parliament after nda's debacle in bihar elections.
niti aayog bats for halving number of css to 30 from 72june 28, 2015, new delhi, dhns 0:00 istniti aayogs subgroup of chief ministers on saturday arrived at a broad consensus on cutting down the number of centrally sponsored schemes (css) to 30 from the current 72.
this is expected to be finalised by july 5 when the final report will be submitted to prime minister narendra modi, who heads niti aayog as its chairperson.
there is a broad consensus on reducing number of css and having two types of schemes, the panels convenor and madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan said after the meeting of the sub-group.
at present there are 72 css, including the six new schemes introduced by the nda government.
during the upa regime, the number of css were reduced from 147 to 66.
the rationalisation of css is important as the centre has decided to raise state share in taxes to 42 per cent from 32 per cent.
the schemes will be classified into core and non-core schemes based on their priority.
core schemes will includes schemes like mnrega, swachh bharat and mid-day meal scheme that comprise the national development agenda.
priority will be given to poverty alleviation, drinking water, rural electrification, women and child health nutrition, and housing for all schemes, the meeting agreed.
the social inclusion schemes will be be classified into the second category called optional schemes or non-core schemes.
for core schemes, the revenue-sharing mechanism will be 60:40 between the centre and the states.
under the optional schemes, the funding will be shared equally.
leeway for special statesfor the 11 special category states, central and state sharing will be in the ratio of 90:10 per cent for core schemes, and 80:20 per cent for optional schemes.
kerala chief minister oommen chandy, who was present at the meeting, raised objections to the allocations made for css this year and said state share must be raised.
jhabua (mp), july 6, 2015, (pti) 1:41 istthe central bjp leadership is looking up to the courts to decide the next course of action in the vyapam scam with voices demanding resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan growing louder over increasing figure of suspicious deaths.
the chief minister has come under tremendous pressure since a television journalist covering the scam died under mysterious circumstances which has instilled a sense of uncertainty and fear among people, given that 35 persons either directly or indirectly associated with the recruitment scam have died.
union home minister rajnath singh, who was in jhabua to tribute to the late bjp mp dileep singh bhuria, was also briefed by chauhan about the incidents given the fact that trainee sub-inspector anamika sikarwar (25) was the latest to have died on monday, providing fodder to opposition to demand the cms resignation and an sc-monitored cbi probe.
sit probe into the scam is on, and the government cannot direct the high court or the supreme court on the issue, singh told reporters.
he was of the view that the courts will take cognizance in case attempts were made to influence the probe.
if the supreme court or the high court feels that the probe is not perfect to the extent it should be, then it will give directions and the government will immediately accept it and hand over the matter to the cbi, singh said.
he also asserted that the sit investigation was happening under the supervision of the high court and that nothing is shared with his government.
earlier, the sc had turned down congress leader digvijay singhs petition seeking a cbi probe on the grounds that the high court monitored sit was probing the scam.
congress is playing politics over deaths.
they should not play politics over dead bodies, bjp vice president prabhat jha, who comes from mp, said.
the party leaders are waiting to see the outcome of thursdays hearing on a fresh case filed in supreme court on the vyapam scam.
the sit is also expected to submit its final report to the high court on july 15.
4 it youths bring free wi-fi to three remote villages in mpbhopal, jan 10, 2016 (pti) 17:06 istinspired by the centre's flagship 'digital india' initiative, four it professionals from madhya pradesh have enabled 3 villages in the state's rajgarh district to have access to 'free wi-fi'.
taking a cue from digital india theme, we have turned bavadikeda jagir, shivnathpura and devria villages into free wi-fi hamlets to provide the fruits of it revolution to the villagers, one of the four youths, shakeel anjum told pti over phone today.
we have decided to do it on our own to set an example and spent nearly rs two lakh from our resources to achieve the target, he claimed.
its results are for everyone to see as nearly 100 mobile users are now using wi-fi facility in these villages which is running uninterrupted.
we have also installed a 200 ampere power inverter to ensure round-the-clock facility in the event of a power cut there, he said.
four youths in these villages were also using laptops and even a bank of india kiosk is running its affairs smoothly with the help of this facility, anjum claimed.
initiative of shakeel anjum, tushar, bhanu, and abhishek in taking power of e-governance to remote villages is highly laudable, he said.
this team of technical experts not only displayed immense potential of our youth but also set an exemplary example for others to follow, chouhan added.
the chief minister said that his government highly appreciates the initiative and directed the officials to look into their plans and take necessary decision on funding at the earliest possible.
the free wi-fi service was formally launched in these villages by district collector tarun kumar pithode on january 1.
modi, sadananda in team rajnathnew delhi, mar 31, 2013 dhns 8:25 istamit shah in; jaswant, yashwant outthe bharatiya janata party (bjp) on sunday inducted narendra modi into the central parliamentary board, the partys highest decision-making body.
it indicates that the gujarat chief minister is set to play a big role in party affairs in the run-up to lok sabha elections.
modi will fill the vacancy created by the death of bjp ideologue bal apte in july last year.
the gujarat chief minister was also made a member of the central election committee that will set the bjps strategy for the upcoming state assembly elections.
with an eye on the karnataka assembly elections, former chief minister d v sadananda gowda was appointed vice-president, while govind karjol and prabhakar kore were inducted into the 80-member national executive committee.
gowda was a permanent invitee to the national executive during his tenure as the chief minister.
gowda is an arch rival of b s yeddyurappa, who went on to float the karnataka janata paksha (kjp) in november last year following differences with party leaders.
modis induction into the parliamentary board was learnt to be orchestrated by party president rajnath singh.
interestingly, singh played a key role in removing modi from the board about six years ago.
bjp veteran l k advani wanted madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan in the partys highest decision-making body.
chouhan eventually made it to the list of permanent invitee chief ministers in the national executive.
modi was the only bjp leader inducted into the board headed by rajnath singh.
a b vajpayee, advani, murli manohar joshi, m venkaiah naidu, nitin gadkari, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, ananth kumar, thawar chand gehlot and ram lal were the other members.
singhs new team includes 12 vice-presidents, 10 general secretaries, 15 secretaries and seven spokespersons.
a five-member central disciplinary committee was also constituted.
modis growing influence within the party was apparent as singhs new team featured former gujarat home minister amit shah, who is facing murder charges in cases of fake encounters.
shah was made the partys general secretary.
rajya sabha member smriti irani, considered to be close to modi, was made vice-president.
the bjp also brought its hindutva face uma bharti back.
she was appointed vice-president.
pilibhit mp varun gandhi was made general secretary since several leaders considered him fit to counter congress vice-president rahul gandhi.
ravi shankar prasad was stripped of his posts of the partys general secretary and chief spokesperson.
he will continue as the partys deputy leader in the rajya sabha.
rajiv pratap rudy was elevated to the post of general secretary.
the bjp presidents political adviser sudanshu trivedi was designated spokesperson.
poonam mahajan, daughter of the late pramod mahajan, was made secretary.
veteran bjp leaders jaswant singh and yashwant sinha did not figure in singhs core team, but were part of the partys national executive committee.
in a party like the bjp, it is more important to be a party worker than hold a post.
i am happy being a party worker and also an mp.
i have a lot of responsibility towards my party and constituency, sinha said.
the congress refused to make any specific comment on the reshuffle, but said the karnataka assembly elections in may would be the first test for the partys new team.
this is the bjps internal matter and i wont comment on it, said congress spokesperson rashid alvi.
poverty down, no matter what method is used, says montekbhopal, mar 24, 2012 (pti) 0:44 istrejecting widespread criticism for pegging poverty line at rs 28.
65 daily consumption,plan panel deputy chairman montek singh ahluwalia today asserted that the number of poor in the country has come down irrespective of the method of calculation.
.
.
whatever poverty line you choose.
the question is poverty in the country is going down.
some people have said that it is not correct.
.
poverty is not going down.
.
i reject that view.
.
.
i categorically say whatever indicator you use things are getting better in this country, ahluwalia said.
as per the commission's estimates, based on the tendulkar committee formula,poverty ratio has declined to 29.
8 per cent in 2009-10,from 37.
2 per cent in 2004-05.
but the ratio has been worked out based on a controversial per capita daily consumption of rs 28.
65 in cities and rs 22.
42 in rural areas.
he also said that rs 28.
65 poverty line would not be linked with the social sector schemes of the government.
the commission will take a holistic view with what poverty line, we want to go ahead.
it is clear that we are no linking it with the beneficaries of the social sector schemes, he said.
ahluwalia, who was talking to reporters after ground-breaking ceremony of the trident group's textile unit, however,said the tendulkar committee line .
.
.
i think, it is quite reasonable.
today, we are growing faster.
earlier this week, ahluwalia was the target of attack inside and outside parliament after the planning commission put out the poverty numbers.
samajwadi party chief mulayam singh yadav even asked for his removal.
ahluwalia said, you can question the poverty line.
there is nothing sacrosanct about it.
if somebody wants poverty line to be higher; if the country feels we should raise it,absolutely, there is nothing wrong.
but it would be incorrect to say that the poverty is not getting reduced.
he also said that rs 28.
65 poverty line would not be linked with the social sector schemes of the government.
the commission will take a holistic view with what poverty line, we want to go ahead.
it is clear that we are no linking it with the beneficiaries of the social sector schemes, he said.
we surpassed the target and grew by over 9 per cent.
this time (for 12th plan) we have set a road map to take it (the state's economic growth) to 12 per cent.
we will improve our infrastructure.
new delhi, jul 5, 2015 (pti) 17:01 istthe last rites of investigative tv journalist akshay singh, who was covering vyapam scam, were held today in the capital where rahul gandhi and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal were among those present, amid mounting outrage over his mysterious death.
delhi bjp chief satish upadhyaya, deputy chief minister manish sisodia, dpcc chief ajay maken and congress leaders digvijay singh and randeep singh surjewala also attended the cremation at nigambodh ghat in east delhi.
singh, who was working with tv today group, died yesterday after he interviewed parents of a girl who was found dead after her name figured in the massive admission and recruitment scandal in madhya pradesh (vyapam).
this morning, a dean of a jabalpur medical college, suspected of having links to some accused in vyapam scam, was also found dead under mysterious circumstances at a hotel in south-west delhi's dwarka.
at least 25 accused and witnesses have died so far in vyapam scam, an admission and recruitment racket allegedly involving several bureaucrats and politicians.
the congress and aam aadmi party have mounted a sharp attack on the bjp government in mp demanding a thorough investigation into the deaths of a number of persons allegedly related to vyapam scam.
congress vice president rahul gandhi said he was pained to meet the family members of the journalist.
pained to meet the mother, father &sister of akshay singh.
my prayers are with them in this time of terrible grief: rahul gandhi, said a tweet on his twitter handle 'office of rg'.
kejriwal demanded steps to ensure that the guilty are punished and there are no more deaths.
vyapam scam n all deaths so far ought to be thoroughly investigated.
guilty must be punished.
something must be done to prevent more deaths, the delhi cm tweeted.
minutes after the interview on friday, 38-year-old akshay singh had started frothing at the mouth.
he was rushed to civil hospital and later to a private hospital in jhabua in mp, but doctors failed to revive him.
from there he was taken to another hospital in nearby dahod in gujarat, where he was declared brought dead.
singh had called on the parents of namrata damor, whose body had been found under near railway tracks in ujjain district on january 7, 2012.
amid doubts being raised over the circumstances of singh's death, finance minister arun jaitley has also favoured a very fair inquiry into the matter.
since various issues are being raised with respect to the circumstances of this death, it would be absolutely important that a very fair inquiry is held so that all doubts can be set at rest, jaitley said.
my condolences on sad and untimely demise of young journalist akshay singh.
my thoughts and prayers are with the bereaved family, he also tweeted.
aam admi party demanded removal of mp governor ram naresh yadav and also urged for a supreme court monitored probe in the scam and deaths by a special investigation team (sit).
condoling the death of scribe singh, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan said his government is writing to the high court-constituted sit probing the scam to investigate his death.
some reports have claimed that 44 people associated with the scam have died so far.
the most high-profile death was that of shailesh yadav, son of madhya pradesh governor ram naresh yadav.
shailesh, 50, was found dead at his father's residence in mall avenue area of lucknow on march 25 this year.
ram naresh yadav, also a former chief minister of uttar pradesh, was himself named as accused in the scam before getting relief from court.
new delhi, aug 03, 2015, pti: 17:12 istconfrontation between government and opposition is set to escalate with lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan today suspending 25 congress members for five days for persistently, wilfully obstructing the house.
the speaker 'named' (identifying for action) the 25 congress members who were carrying placards and shouting slogans in the well while pressing for resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over lalit modi row and madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan over vyapam scam.
while taking the tough action under rule 374(a), she said the members were being suspended for persistently, wilfully obstructing the house.
she ruled that the 'named' members will not attend five sittings of the house.
congress has 44 members in all.
mahajan adjourned the house immediately after.
however, a number of the congress members staged a sit-in in the house.
congress president sonia gandhi and vice president rahul gandhi also did not leave the house for quite some time and were seen holding discussions with leaders of some other opposition parties.
her action came after several warnings and despite pleas by tmc leader sudip bandhyopadhyay and cpi(m) leader p karunakaran that it would aggravate the situation.
the rule 374(a) says: notwithstanding anything contained in rules 373 and 374, in the event of grave disorder occasioned by a member coming into the well of the house or abusing the rules of the house persistently and wilfully obstructing its business by shouting slogans or otherwise, such member shall, on being named by the speaker, stand automatically suspended from the service of the house for five consecutive sittings or the remainder of the session, whichever is less.
the move came after the government approached the speaker slamming the opposition for obstructing the house for the past several days.
such a major action is the first in the current lok sabha.
the suspended members included b n chandrappa, santok singh chaudhary, a h k choudhury, sushmita dev, ninog ering, r dhruvanarayana, gaurav gogoi, g sukender reddy, deepender hooda, s kodikunnil, s p muddahanumegowda, abhijit mukherjee, mullappally ramachandran, k h munniyappa, b v nayak, vincent pala, m k raghavan, ranjeet ranjan, c l ruala, t sahu, rajee satav, ravneet singh k suresh, k c venugopal and t meinya.
sonia gandhi was angry at the speaker's decision and asked leader of congress mallikarjun kharge to lodge protest.
kharge, while objecting to the speaker's action, said our demand is that the ministers resign.
then everything will be peaceful.
amid the bedlam, home minister rajnath singh said there is no fir, no court observation and no prima facie case against swaraj as well as the two chief ministers and hence there is no justification for them to resign.
he said the cvc too has not pointed out any wrongdoing.
we have not shied away from discussion and we are ready for it.
singh said while opposition has an important role in parliamentary democracy, the house should be allowed to function.
his response came when kharge opposed the speaker's move to name mps from his party for disrupting the proceedings.
before naming them, the speaker repeatedly told congress members not to display placards and return to their seats.
don't force me to take stringent action.
.
.
you cannot say they disrupted proceedings so we will also do the same.
.
.
we cannot denegrade ourselves further, mahajan said.
bandhopadhyay and karunakaran urged the speaker not to suspend the members and the warring parties should be given a change to resolve issue as they are experienced politicians.
karunakaran recalled that bjp had stalled the lok sabha as opposition party for one month and such an action in the present lok sabh could be avoided.
the speaker said if they are ready to take guarantee for congress members, she could have a rethink.
some members from left parties were also in the well raising slogans against the government but were not displaying placards.
19 dead as bus collides with truck in madhya pradeshkhandwa (mp), july 1, 2015 (pti) 20:57 istat least 19 people including four women were killed and about 15 others injured today when the private bus they were travelling in collided with a truck near choti chhaegaon makhan, about seven kilometres from here.
the bus collided head-on with the truck on khandwa-indore road, city superintendent of police abhishek diwan told pti this evening.
the injured were rushed to the district hospital.
the bus was on its way to khandwa from indore while the truck was heading towards indore.
both the vehicles were moving at high speed at the time of accident, police said.
the deceased were yet to be identified.
5 lakh to the next of kin of the deceased persons and rs 50,000 to those injured.
bhopal, mar 8, 2017, pti: 16:09 istthe perpetrators of bhopal-ujjain train bomb explosion were influenced by isis ideology and the incident was a trial blast as the terrorists planned to carry out more attacks, madhya pradesh government said today.
at least 10 people were injured, three of them seriously, in the ied blast in the train near jabdi station in shajapur district of madhya pradesh yesterday.
the terrorists were influenced by islamic state of iraq and syria (isis) terror ideology and carried out the blast.
madhya pradesh home minister bhupendra singh said the improvised explosive device (ied) explosion in the passenger train was a trial blast.
yesterday's explosion carried out through ied was a trial blast.
the police, however, smashed this terror network within five hours after the blast in train, singh told mediapersons in the state assembly premises today.
the terrorists had plans to orchestrate the blasts at some other places also, he claimed.
it was revealed during initial interrogation from the arrested terrorists that they were connected to isis.
the blast site smelt of deadly explosives.
i would like to congratulate the ats and police who immediately acted.
madhya pradesh is a peaceful state and nobody would be allowed to create disturbance here, he said.
these terrorists had arrived here from lucknow and planted the bomb in bhopal-ujjain train, he said.
the three suspects detained for the blast in the state are being grilled thoroughly so as to reach to more of their accomplices, he said.
an act of terror won't be allowed to thrive in the state.
in an official statement released late last night, the up police had said that three persons were arrested by madhya pradesh police in piparia town in hoshangabad.
two of the arrested persons are from kanpur, while one is from aligarh.
the home minister said that the arrests and the encounter in uttar pradesh were linked to the train blast.
the blast had occurred in a general coach of the passenger train when it was on its way to ujjain from bhopal.
subsequently, anti-terror operations were carried out by police of both uttar pradesh and madhya pradesh to get hold of terrorists, suspected to be linked with the bhopal-ujjain train blast.
bhopal, dec 26, 2015, (pti): 20:47 istafter spectacular success in ratlam-jhabua lok sabha seat, congress today won five out of eight local body elections for which polls were held recently.
bjp won local body elections at three places, including sehore, the home district of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
it also won at mandsaur municipal corporation and shahganj municipal council.
congress won shahjapur municipal council, bhedhaghat nagar panchayat in jabalpur district, majhouli nagar panchayat in sidhi district, dhamnod nagar panchayat in ratlam district and orrcha nagar panchayat in tikamgarh district.
the victory turned the mood at congress headquarters here into a jubilant one with party workers bursting crackers and distributing sweets.
in the eight local bodies, elections were held in 179 wards and among them bjp bagged 93 corporators post while congress got 60.
but, in all congress won in five local bodies while bjp was confined to three.
congress chief whip in the lok sabha and guna mp jyotiraditya scindia expressed his gratitude towards the people for reposing faith in the party and congratulated the winning candidates.
madhya pradesh congress chief spokesman k k mishra said, the winds of change which began from bihar and has its effect in ratlam-jhabua has now percolated down to local bodies which means the beginning of end of bjp rule in the state and revival of congress in an effective manner.
state bjp president nandkumar singh chouhan said that his party has accepted people's mandate with all humility and would continue to serve them and will not leave any loopholes in it.
by winning the recently-held ratlam-jhabua lok sabha bye-poll, congress increased its tally to 45 in the lower house of parliament.
