chouhan has often talked about death penalty for rapists but its for the first time that he announced a bringing a legislation to make that happen.
the first condition for the development of the state and the country is a good law and order system and this is the major responsibility of the police, chouhan added.
he further said the government had sanctioned at least 30,000 new posts of police personnel at various levels.
the chief minister also lauded the police for its investigation into the bhopal-ujjain train blast case.
he also asked the police to create an environment where women can walk around at any time fearlessly.
nearly two dozen vehicles were set on fire over the last 24 hours on the stretch between mandsaur and pipliya mandi.
(source: pti photo) nearly two dozen vehicles were set on fire over the last 24 hours on the stretch between mandsaur and pipliya mandi.
(source: pti photo)a day after five farmers were killed in police firing, tension prevailed in mandsaur and the adjoining district of neemuch as protesters defied curfew and indulged in arson and violence on wednesday.
the protests spread to the rest of the state, with crowds of people blocking road and rail traffic.
nearly two dozen vehicles were set on fire over the last 24 hours on the stretch between mandsaur and pipliya mandi.
all the five farmers who were killed in two separate incidents of firing near the pipliya mandi police station on tuesday were from this area, which has become the epicentre of the violent protests.
while six deaths were reported earlier, district officials said on wednesday that one death was not related to the protests.
the farmers are demanding better prices for their produce and waiver of loans.
the road connecting mandsaur and neemuch remained out of bounds for most part of the day with protesters torching more vehicles and a warehouse.
at barkhenda pant village, mandsaur collector swatantra kumar singh was heckled by relatives of one of the farmers who died and other villagers.
singh had gone to the spot to ask the protesters to clear the road and take the farmers body for cremation.
the protesters demanded immediate action against police officials involved in the firing.
singh and superintendent of police o p tripathi had to beat a hasty retreat after they were heckled.
while there were unconfirmed reports that singh was hit on the head, he played down the incident and said he was not manhandled.
he claimed that anti-social elements had taken over the protests.
while the district administration claimed that enough security personnel had been deployed in the area, bike-borne protesters roamed freely on the streets, warning government officials and policemen not to venture beyond a toll booth located between mandsaur and pipliya mandi.
while those on motorcycles relayed information about the movement of security personnel, others on foot pelted stones at crpf, rpf and police personnel, who fired teargas shells to disperse the crowd.
we decided to abandon the toll booth after protesters damaged it and looked set to burn the ambulance parked next to it, said a paramedical staff.
he said the injured had been shifted to mandsaur hospital.
why would we not be angry?
while the prices of produce continue to crash, the wages of labourers have not reduced.
we end up incurring losses.
all protesters are genuine farmers their anger has reached a boiling point, said two masked protesters, who refused to identify themselves or their village.
meanwhile, the families of the other four farmers who were killed agreed to carry out their last rites on wednesday.
the madhya pradesh patidar samaj had claimed on tuesday that the cremations would not take place until chief minister shivrajchouhan made an appearance.
late on tuesday, chouhan increased the compensation from rs 10 lakh to rs 1 crore and a job to the next of kin of each dead.
the bandh called by the rashtriya kisan mazdoor sangh (rkms), a group formed by a former rss worker, and congress received a mixed response on wednesday.
at dewas, protesters stopped two trains and set a chartered bus on fire near sonkutch.
a petrol pump was torched at suvasara.
in delhi, the ministry of home affairs said it had sent 1,100 anti-riots police personnel to mandsaur.
the centre has also sought a detailed report on the violence on tuesday.
about 600 personnel of the rapid action force have already reached mandsaur, said a home ministry official, adding that another 500 raf personnel are being sent.
in order to augment agriculture growth in the state for farmers madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan said that additional irrigation facility will be provided in 13 lakh hectare area in the state.
besides the state is also providing rs 26,000 subsidy on five horse power water pumps to farmers in the state, he said.
50 lakh hectare area through narmada river during the last 11 years.
beside this 2400 megawatt electricity has been generated.
also potable water to 16 district of the state and water to industries is being supplied from narmada river.
the state government will provide water in all the parts of the khargone district for irrigation.
our aim is to provide the irrigation facility to the farmers to make the agriculture a profitable occupation and to double the farmers income.
the state government will take concrete steps in this regard, he said.
watch what else is making newsreferring to the ongoing public welfare schemes of the state government, chouhan mentioned that every poor of the state will have their own house and land till 2022.
the bistan lift irrigation scheme will provide irrigation facility on 1.
23 lakh hectare command area of khandwa, khargone and badwani districts through canals of indira sagar irrigation project.
areas which are situated at high level where irrigation water is not possible by canals will get the lift irrigation facility.
the lift irrigation scheme will provide irrigation facility on 22,000 hectare area.
the specialty of the scheme is such that an outlet will be provided on every 2.
5 hectare area which will provide minimum 20 meter high pressure to enable farmers to irrigate their lands adopting sprinkler or drip irrigation system.
this scheme will be completed in 30 months period.
more than 60,000 people of 92 villages will be benefited by this scheme.
the madhya pradesh police did a climbdown a day after the chief minister claimed there was proof about islamic states link in the train explosion case.
on thursday the police said the islamic state link was what the suspects said.
we are verifying their claim.
he said one of the men from pipariya in madhya pradesh had shared a photograph of the bag, containing a pipe bomb and kept on the luggage rack of the train, with a handler in syria.
he said on the pipe islamic state we are in india was written.
the explosion injured 10 passengers.
however, on thursday, ig, (intelligence), makrand deuskar said: we are yet to establish the physical location of the electronic handler who the suspects claimed they were in touch with.
he described the suspects as self-radicalised, they had read literature online and learnt bomb-making from inspire magazine.
he said the writing on the pipe is not a conclusive proof.
its yet to be established if the handler they claimed to be in touch with in syria and the electronic handler are the same.
handlers often mislead (about their location).
al qaida in the arabian peninsula publishes an online magazine called inspire.
deuskar did not name al qaida while speaking about the terror suspects.
the three suspects held in pipariya, madhya pradesh, were identified on wednesday as atif muzaffar, danish akhtar and syed mir hussain.
except for clothes, travel accessories and money, the mp police have not found any objectionable material on the three suspects.
the police said the suspects have criminal antecedents and have been involved in some incidents in up.
danish, one of the suspects, had worked in the kabadkhana locality in old bhopal.
the police said the low-intensity explosion could be intentional because slipping the ied under a train seat is a little tricky.
the police said before exploding the ied on the train, the suspects had tried a similar device at an abandoned location in uttar pradesh.
the madhya pradesh police said they had no proof so far about electronic transfer of funds to the accused or international funding for the low-intensity explosion.
the police said the ied was assembled in lucknow and admitted that we have no clue why they carried it all the way from lucknow in the pushpak express and chose the passenger train in mp randomly.
the three suspects have been remanded in custody till march 23.
sheds at the cow sanctuary; this photograph was taken in 2015.
express archive sheds at the cow sanctuary; this photograph was taken in 2015.
express archivethe union government may have proposed project cow, under which sanctuaries in every state would save the cow from slaughter, but the countrys first cow sanctuary in madhya pradesh is yet to become functional despite being ready for a long time.
spread over 473 hectares on a hilly area in salaria village of agar district bordering rajasthan, the kamdhenu gau abhayaranya was conceived in 2008 and its foundation stone laid by rss chief mohan bhagwat in 2012.
the basic infrastructure needed to start the rs 32-crore sanctuary was ready in 2015, with the bjp government promising it would be able to accommodate tens of thousands of stray, aged and infirm cows.
the government is now considering involving a nongovernmental organisation to take care of the cows as and when they arrive at the sanctuary.
the cow protection board or the animal husbandry department doesnt have any direct experience in running a gaushala.
they only distribute funds to existing gaushalas (cow shelters).
we are looking for an ngo that will manage cows, swami akhileshwaranand, chairman of the executive council of madhya pradesh gaupalan evam pashu samvardhan board, told the indian express.
what if we inaugurate it today and 10,000 cows turn up tomorrow?
who will feed them and how?
he said.
the government cant run gaushalas, he added.
the cow can be protected only if we follow the traditional idea of ghar ghar gai, ghar ghar gaushala, he said.
the government is now thinking of starting with a few hundred cows that were already being taken care of by a local gaushala that is now within the boundary of the sanctuary.
ngos like the one that is running a gaushala on the gwalior jail campus are being considered for the management of the cow sanctuary.
there could be an informal inauguration with a handful of cows and then a formal inauguration when the number is higher, the chairman said.
madhya pradesh animal husbandry minister antar singh arya, too, said the government is thinking of roping in an ngo to take care of the cows that will be sheltered in the sanctuary.
he said the sanctuary could accommodate around 4,000 cows and the government was in a position to inaugurate it in a month or two.
vice-president of the executive council santosh joshi said the government was forced to think about involving private persons or an ngo because its not easy to get government employees to take care of cows.
both minister arya and sanctuary chairman akhileshwaranand suggested the government turn its attention to the sanctuary after may 15, the day the narmada seva yatra ends, allowing chief minister shivrajchouhan time.
cabinet minister kusum mehdele, who held the animal husbandry portfolio until a few months ago, said the sanctuary had been ready even then but could not be inaugurated because the cm was preoccupied with other engagements.
she said there was nothing wrong in involving an ngo in the management because it will create more employment opportunities.
the pwd has built sheds to house the cows, an administrative block for the staff, staff quarters, a training centre and a research centre among other infrastructural buildings at the site.
grasslands are being developed and a large portion of the land has been reserved to create water-bodies.
the government has sanctioned a dedicated staff of 17 persons, including a deputy director (animal husbandry), for the sanctuary.
hanuwantiya is an island in the backwaters of indira sagar dam in khandwa district, about 280-kilometers from state capital.
hanuwantiya is an island in the backwaters of indira sagar dam in khandwa district, about 280-kilometers from state capital.
madhya pradesh cabinet would meet at hanuwantiya, a newly developed water tourism destination in the backwaters of indira sagar dam, on february 3.
state cabinet members would reach hanuwantiya on february 3 and spend an entire day there.
this would be an informal meeting to discuss various issues, mp finance minister jayant malaiya informed journalists on monday.
watch what else is making newshe said the ministers would also perform narmada aarti in the evening at this tourism spot.
we would perform narmada aarti at hanuwantiya in the evening after holding informal discussions, he said.
hanuwantiya is an island in the backwaters of indira sagar dam in khandwa district, about 280-kilometers from state capital.
this dam was constructed on river narmada.
the minister said that this informal meeting is being organised in view of ongoing namami devi narmade  sewa yatra, an awareness campaign for conservation of river narmada.
earlier, in february last year, madhya pradesh cabinet had organised a meeting on a cruise floating in the backwaters of the dam at hanuwantiya.
in this meeting chaired by the chief minister shivrajchouhan , cabinet had decided to constitute a tourism cabinet to translate states tourism potential into reality.
the madhya pradesh government has held month long jal-mahotsav at hanuwantiya which ended on january 15.
this was the second water tourism fest after the development of facilities at this spot.
during this month long fest, various events like water sports, island camping along with adventure activities like hot air ballooning, para sailing, para motors, star gazing, water skiing, jet skiing, water burma bridge and others were organised.
more than 100 islands have come up in the backwaters of this dam, which is one of the biggest reservoirs in asia.
the island formation starts from hanuwantiya, which is surrounded by backwaters from three sides.
mandsaur: a scene after violent clashes between farmers and the police at pipliya in mandsaur district on tuesday.
at least five farmers were killed and four others injured in firing by police on farmers, who have been protesting for a week demanding loan waiver and fair price for their produce.
(source: pti) mandsaur: a scene after violent clashes between farmers and the police at pipliya in mandsaur district on tuesday.
at least five farmers were killed and four others injured in firing by police on farmers, who have been protesting for a week demanding loan waiver and fair price for their produce.
(source: pti)the ruling bjp and opposition congress on wednesday engaged in a war of words over the death of five farmers in alleged police firing in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh during the ongoing agitation.
bjp blamed congress for inciting the violence, while the opposition party alleged that someone from the top was giving orders to the police.
a video of sehore district superintendent of police is doing rounds, which shows him asking his subordinates to be strict and rough up the agitators.
such officials must have received directions from the top, senior congress leader anil shastri said in bhopal.
he termed the killing of farmers as an encounter by the police.
bjp vice president prabhat jha accused the congress of playing politics.
congress is inciting and misleading farmers and doing politics over dead bodies.
we will not allow politics over blood and dead bodies.
the farmers issues should not be seen through the prism of vote politics, jha said.
chief minister shivrajchouhan was deeply pained by the death of five farmers, the bjp leader said, adding that no state in the country has ever given a compensation of rs 1 crore upon a farmers death.
congress general secretary digvijaya singh congress general secretary digvijaya singhaccusing the ruling bjp of indulging in chest-thumping over the armys surgical strikes on terrorist launch pads across the line of control (loc), congress leader digvijaya singh on sunday called prime minister narendra modi a war-monger.
this kind of strikes have taken place earlier also.
the only difference is this chest-thumping and media sort of going overboard.
this never happened before because the earlier prime minister thought these issues are best left to be dealt with by the security forces, singh told cnn news 18.
watch what else is making newswhat is happening now is chest thumping being done by (bjp president) amit shah and people down the party line.
both modi and (national security advisor) ajit doval are war-mongers, added singh.
his comments came as he reacted to madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan who while praising the prime minister for the surgical strikes said modis 56-inch chest had now swelled to 100 inches.
the surgical strikes were carried out on the night of september 28-29 by the special forces of the indian army.
the commission is likely to come out with a reply to the allegations levelled by kejriwal against two of its commissioners.
the commission is likely to come out with a reply to the allegations levelled by kejriwal against two of its commissioners.
election commissioner o p rawat has recused himself from cases related to the aam aadmi party the election commission is hearing after delhi chief minister and party leader arvind kejriwal questioned his independence.
he had questioned the independence of the election commission.
it is a quasi-judicial body which delivers verdicts.
therefore, i have recused myself so that he can have faith in the independence of the institution, rawat said.
he said kejriwal, the aap and the people of the country should have full faith in the independence of the commission.
i thought it was the right thing to do, he said.
rawat had decided to recuse himself from the case related to 21 aap mlas for allegedly holding office of profit.
they face the possibility of disqualification.
another case relates to 27 aap mlas for allegedly holding office of profit.
while the first case is at an advance stage of hearing, the second case is at its preliminary stage.
in an interview, kejriwal had reportedly said he does not believe in the independence of two commissioners, includingrawat because he comes from madhya pradesh and has been very close to chief minister shivraj singh chauhan.
an ias officer of the madhya pradesh cadre, he retired from service in december, 2014.
the commission is likely to come out with a reply to the allegations levelled by kejriwal against two of its commissioners.
prime minister narendra modi with madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , mp governor anandiben patel and union minister narendra singh tomar at mandla in madhya pradesh on tuesday.
(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi with madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , mp governor anandiben patel and union minister narendra singh tomar at mandla in madhya pradesh on tuesday.
(pti photo)referring to the central governments ordinance on capital punishment for people convicted of raping girls aged 12 or below, prime minister narendra modi on tuesday said there is now a government in delhi that listens to the people and takes decisions accordingly.
modi said families should respect their daughters and inculcate values in sons.
a social campaign will have to be started to create such an atmosphere in families, he said, and urged people to focus on educating their children.
betion ke saath durvyavahar karnewale rakshasi manovruti ke logon ko faasi par latkane ka kanoon banaya hai.
delhi mein aisi sarkar hai jo aapke dil ke aawaz sunti hai aur nirnay leti hai (we have made a law to hang those who rape daughters.
there is now a government in delhi that listens to people and decides), modi said, addressing a rally at ramnagar, about 12 km from mandla town, in a district in easternmost madhya pradesh on the chhattisgarh boundary.
also read | pm modis panchayati raj day address in 10 key pointsthe event was held on the occasion of the national panchayati raj day.
prime minister narendra modi addresses on the occasion of the national panchayati raj day 2018 at mandla in madhya pradesh on tuesday.
(pti photo/pib) prime minister narendra modi addresses on the occasion of the national panchayati raj day 2018 at mandla in madhya pradesh on tuesday.
(pti photo/pib)modi launched the rashitrya gram swaraj abhiyan, which aims to strengthen the panchayati raj system, and unveiled a road map for development of tribal areas.
as part of the scheme, nearly rs 2 lakh crore will be spent over the next five years.
also read | heres what pm modi has said on unnao, kathua rape casesmandla is a tribal-dominated district, and the prime minister spoke about unsung tribal heroes, who laid down their lives before the first war of independence in 1857 and afterward but have not got their dues.
not only rani durgavati, rani awantibai and birsa munda, there were many other, but their contribution was forgotten.
only some people, and some families, are mentioned, modi said, without taking names but indicating the nehru-gandhi family.
modi announced that tribal museums will be set up in each state, narrating the history of such sacrifices.
recalling mahatma gandhis words that india lives in its villages, and his call for gramodaya to rashtrodaya, and gram swaraj, modi appealed elected panchayat representatives to fulfill gandhijis dream of making villages self-reliant.
he said there are more than 2.
4 lakh panchayati raj institutions and more than 30 lakh elected representatives, nearly one third of them women, and there is no scarcity of funds for panchayats.
he exhorted elected panchayat representatives to go the extra mile in fields such as education and health by abandoning the opinion that it is the work of government employees.
make the most of those five years (of elected tenure) and do at least one work that will remain ingrained in peoples mind.
there is no power, difficulty or challenge that cannot be overcome, he said.
he appealed panchayat representatives to make efficient use of infrastructure and focus on transparency and honesty.
modi also drew attention of panchayat representatives to jan dhan yojana (financial inclusion), van dhan (empowering tribal communities) and gobar dhan (cow dung) to change the village economy.
the mobile app mp e-nagarpalika was launched last evening here by state chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
(source: pti photo) the mobile app mp e-nagarpalika was launched last evening here by state chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
(source: pti photo)the madhya pradesh government has launched an app to provide various municipal services online.
the mobile app mp e-nagarpalika was launched last evening here by state chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
citizens should get the municipal services conveniently and on time.
there is no paucity of funds in urban bodies.
rs 83,000 crore will be spent in the next three-four years for development in states urban bodies, the chief minister added.
urban development commissioner vivek agrawal said 378 services of urban bodies would be available round the clock on this app.
this app would offer 378 services like online payment of property tax, seeking building permission, birth/ marriage/death certificates etc.
it will also register complaints related to garbage, water, streetlights etc.
online payment gateway would be available on this app, said agrawal.
principal secretary (urban development) malay shrivastava said, this mobile app would encourage the cashless transaction.
he said this mobile app is a part of rs 225-crore e-nagarpalika project, under which all municipal services would be made available online on a unified web platform.
b'union minister of state for railways s manoj sinha (source: express photo by bhupendra rana) union minister of state for railways s manoj sinha (source: express photo by bhupendra rana)union minister of state for railways s manoj sinha said the public enterprise will not be privatised under the nda rule, though investments from private players will be welcomed for its development.
we are not in favour of privatisation of indian railways at all under the nda rule, sinha, who was in gwalior on saturday to flag off bhind (mp)-etawah (up) passenger train, told reporters.
cheif minister shivrajchouhan was also present on the occasion.
yes, we are ready for private investment in the railways.
we will welcome private investment for the development of railways, he said.
to a poser, sinha said that railway spring factory, located near gwalior, will not be shut, instead it will be modernised, adding, provisions for the same have been made in the 2016-17 railway budget.
he said despite financial constraints, rs 4,200 crore has been sanctioned for madhya pradesh to strengthen and develop the rail network.
congress leader jyotiraditya scindia congress leader jyotiraditya scindiacongress leader jyotiraditya scindia on thursday said if bjp-ruled uttar pradesh and maharashtra can announce farm loan waivers why the party-ruled madhya pradesh cannot do this.
scindia, sitting on a 72-hour satyagraha since wednesday in support of farmers, also criticised the states bjp government for not taking any action against those who fired at the farmers in mandsaur last week, killing five of them.
following protests by cultivators in maharashtra, the devendra fadnavis-led government on sunday announced a loan- waiver for farmers and decided to form a committee to work out the debt-relief criteria.
the yogi adityanath-led bjp government in uttar pradesh had also recently announced a loan-waiver of rs 36,359 crore for small and marginal farmers in the state.
when the bjp governments in uttar pradesh and maharashtra have announced to waive farm loans, why the same partys regime in madhya pradesh has been shying away from announcing the same, scindia told reporters during his ongoing satyagraha at tt nagars dussehra maidan here.
he said prime minister narendra modi himself had made several promises to make farming a beneficial venture with slogans like abki bar kisano ki sarkar.
the prime minister made a series of promises to make farming a profitable venture during election campaign.
now, the centre is saying the state governments will have to arrange funds for loan waiver on their own and that the centre government would not extend any help, he said.
the centre is not budging despite the fact that nearly 12,000 farmers are committing suicide every year, scindia, the congress chief whip in lok sabha, claimed.
he also hit out at the madhya pradesh government for not taking action those who fired at the farmers in mandsaur.
ten days after the farmer killings in mandsaur, the state government has not taken any action against the guilty.
the government has failed to inform who ordered the firing on farmers.
they cant say anything because the farmers were killed on the orders of the state government, scindia said.
he said chief minister shivrajchouhan is now trying to mollify the families of the farmers killed by giving them a compensation of rs 1 crore, jobs to the kin, among others.
the congress leader also said that the onion purchase by the state government has also been marred by mismanagement.
former bjp ideologue k n govindacharya has alleged that the present bjp government in madhya pradesh is more corrupt than the previous congress government led by digvijay singh.
the bjp government presently in power in madhya pradesh is more corrupt that the earlier congress government, govindacharya told reporters here last evening.
chief minister shivrajchouhan had failed in controlling his ministers,he alleged.
during the bjp government,industrialists and bureaucrats were happy while the farmers suffered,he alleged.
kamlabai mewada kamlabai mewadalying on a charpoy, her bandaged hand on display, kamlabai mewada is on a fast.
a victim of alleged police brutality, the elderly woman has refused to eat until chief minister shivrajchouhan visits her with a promise to release her son and four grandsons from jail.
the five were taken into custody along with dozens of other villagers on friday as security personnel chased protesters blocking the bhopal-indore highway and set fire to vehicles as part of farmers protests.
some reportedly tried to take shelter in a home located just off the highway, which belonged to kamlabai, who family members insist is in her 80s.
they dragged my son and grandsons and beat me and my husband, the woman alleged two days ago but refused to narrate her ordeal in detail on monday because her associates said she would not to speak to anyone until the cm arrived.
my son and grandsons are innocent, was the only thing she said on monday.
incidentally, chouhan broke his fast on live television on sunday in bhopal, 30 km from here.
an image carried by patrika, a hindi newspaper, on saturday showed the woman surrounded by three security personnel who appeared to beat her up.
the image went viral but, if the police are to be believed, is misleading.
senior government and police officials visited her to convince her to get her wounds examined and allow them to file a complaint but she and her associates refused.
they had taken her to the cms fasting venue on saturday but police foiled their attempt.
since then the police are keeping a close watch on us, said gopal singh, the youngest of kamlabais sons.
the police were indeed monitoring the house and highway because the cm was scheduled to attend an event in nearby bairagarh.
she may have suffered bruises but she was definitely not beaten, claimed khajuri inspector sooryakant awasthi.
asked about the plaster, he claimed the police had learnt from doctors that she had scratches, not a fracture, but insisted on a bandage.
shashikala yadav, a retired constable who owns land nearby, assumed the role of the main associate on monday.
tell them that you will set yourself ablaze if they do not leave immediately, the 55-year-old told kamlabais husband shivcharan, who relatives claimed could be 100 or 110 years old.
the couple reportedly owns five acres adjacent to the house.
we had no choice but to retreat, said asi prabha sharma later.
why should we undergo examination?
what if the police manipulate reports?
we will agree only if the cm comes here, yadav said, directing the blame for mistreating kamlabai to awasthi, who in turn alleged that she was trying to settle scores with him for not listening to her when her land was to be assessed.
asi hitendra singh jat said two of the four firs lodged about disturbances on june 9 near fanda toll booth named kamladevis relatives among the 40 accused.
all of them are in judicial custody.
candidates of all other parties are keen to get media space these days,but not those of the bsp.
they have been told to keep a distance from the media.
except mayawati and state party president swami prasad maurya,none in the bsp can comment on any issue.
when approached for an interview,bsp candidate from bikapur firoz khan gabbar was frank enough,i cannot meet you,our party has instructed me and other candidates not to talk to the media.
we have been asked to avoid commenting on any issue during the elections.
another bsp candidate in lucknow said that while they can address public meetings and the media can report these,they are supposed to take the zonal co-ordinators permission before talking to the media.
bjps bad-shahthe bjp has given the ticket to badshah singh,a former tainted minister of the mayawati government who had joined the party with babu singh kushwaha.
but party leaders are shy of being seen with him.
they are campaigning in all other constituencies of bundelkhand,but not in mahoba from where badshah singh is contesting.
last week,madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan had campaigned for uma bharti in charkhari,but did not go to the adjacent mahoba.
so had party president nitin gadkari when he had visited hamirpur,mauranipur and jhansi,all of which are in bundelkhand.
so have other star campaigners of the bjp.
the only exception was party vice-presidents vinay katiyar and mukhtar abbas naqvi,who attended a public meeting that singh had organised last month.
however,the bjps media cell,which routinely issues press notes on all election-related party activities,chose to stay away the event.
please alltwo months after his much publicized resignation as chief spokesperson of the up congress,subodh srivastava has quietly returned to the partys media management team.
srivastava wanted to contest elections from lucknow central,but the party chose fakhir siddique,a known turncoat.
an angry srivastava resigned,alleging that the leadership was giving preference to outsiders over the loyalists.
sources said his return had nothing to do with his skills in media management.
it is meant to please certain sections of the kayastha workers who had stopped taking interest in party affairs after he had quit.
besides,the community has substantial presence in lucknow cantonment from where the state congress president rita bahuguna joshi is contesting.
playing foulwhile the government grapples with the unsavoury situation created by the former basti commissioner anurag srivastavas use of foul language against former siddharthanagar sp mohit gupta at an official meeting,the episode has opened a can of worms.
sources said that gupta and district magistrate chaitra v were hardly on talking terms,it was in the knowledge of senior officers,but they did nothing.
sources added that the tussle over the supremacy and ego clashes between ias and ips officers have been common in many districts.
with the state having been caught in the election process,the issue may be left for the new government to tackle.
shiny & brightthanks to elections,the power supply in rural areas has substantially improved.
obviously,the government does not want to displease the voters.
the election commission,too,has done its bit.
it has directed the up power corporation limited to ensure interrupted power supply in all constituencies for three days  the day before the poll,the day of the poll and the day after the poll  for smooth conduct of elections.
ajay singh, a close confidant of senior congress leader digvijay singh, was on thursday appointed as leader of opposition in the madhya pradesh assembly for the second time.
(representational image) ajay singh, a close confidant of senior congress leader digvijay singh, was on thursday appointed as leader of opposition in the madhya pradesh assembly for the second time.
(representational image)ajay singh, a close confidant of senior congress leader digvijay singh, was on thursday appointed as leader of opposition in the madhya pradesh assembly for the second time.
the appointment comes two days after partys central observer ajay maken chaired the congress legislature party (clp) meeting at bhopal.
watch what else is in the newsthe post was lying vacant since last four months, after the death of satyadev katare.
the partys central leadership picked up ajay singhji as the leader of opposition and the state unit has been informed about it, state party chief arun yadav confirmed to pti today.
ajay, son of former union minister arjun singh, had earlier worked in the similar capacity from 2010 to 2013 and during his stint the congress had then brought a no-confidence motion against the bjp government led chief minister shivrajchouhan which was defeated.
after december 2013 assembly polls, ajay, a legislator from churhat constituency of madhya pradesh again sought to retain his post as leader of opposition but was unsuccessful.
two days ago, the congress legislature party had passed an unanimous resolution, requesting party president sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi to name the leader of opposition to avoid bad blood in the faction-ridden congress.
the congress central leadership had sent former union minister maken to hold talks with the mlas.
a two-page resolution was passed requesting the partys central leadership to appoint the leader of opposition.
mlas ramniwas rawat and mahendra singh kalukheda of jyotiraditya scindias camp, mukesh naik, a rival of digvijay, and bala bachchan, close aide of former union minister kamal nath, too had been vying to become leader of opposition.
b'in the wake of the uttarkashi bus accident, railway minister suresh prabhu has instructed authorities to arrange a special train bogey to bring bodies to madhya pradesh on chief minister shivrajchouhan request.
earlier, uttarakhand chief minister trivendra singh rawat also announced an ex gratia of rs 1 lakh each to the next of kin of those killed and rs 50,000 to the one injured in the accident.
meanwhile, the death toll in the bus accident has risen to 22 and eight other injured are admitted to the hospital.
a bus carrying 29 pilgrims from uttarkashi to gangotri, fell into the river near uttarakhands dharasu area.
all these people hailed from madhya pradesh.
last reported, a rescue operation was being carried out by the indo tibetan border police (itbp) personnel.
b'new york: mp chief minister shivrajchouhan addressing industry leaders, executives and analysts at a seminar on investment opportunities in madhya pradesh organized by cii-usibc in partnership with the madhya pradesh government in new york on tuesday.
pti photo new york: mp chief minister shivrajchouhan addressing industry leaders, executives and analysts at a seminar on investment opportunities in madhya pradesh organized by cii-usibc in partnership with the madhya pradesh government in new york on tuesday.
pti photothe us-based companies are expected to invest more than rs 2,400 crore in madhya pradesh, especially in the infotech sector thus generating a large number of jobs, chief minister shivrajchouhan has said.
of the rs 2,400 crore, rs 1,000 crore is expected to be invested in the it sector by us companies, according to the memoranda of understanding (mous) signed with them.
this (it investment) is going to provide employment to more than 10,000 people, he said.
chouhan was talking to reporters here last night on his return from a five-day visit to us.
my us visit was more productive than i had expected.
the it sector will generate a large number of jobs with modest investment, he said.
the chief minister said the uk, japan, singapore and uae are going to be official partners at mps global investors summit (gis) to be held in late october at indore.
foreign companies now consider the state a viable and profitable destination to set up ventures, he said.
former us ambassador to india frank g wisner and representatives from 100 companies attended a seminar in new york during my visit, on business opportunities in madhya pradesh, the chief minister added.
rajnath singh on thursday said the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man.
(source: ani photo) rajnath singh on thursday said the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man.
(source: ani photo)condemning the violence in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh where farmers are protesting over loan waiver and better price for their produce, home minister rajnath singh on thursday said, the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man.
he further said, jankari mili ki kuch takten jinhone instigate karne ki koshish kari,puri jaanch ho rahi hai,report ki prateeksha karni chahiye (there is information that some people were involved in instigating violence in mandsaur.
investigation report is awaited).
singh was in the city to hold a dialogue on the completion of three years of the narendra modi government.
he said that one thing must be clear to the people of this country that the bjp-led government at the centre or state are completely sensitive towards farmer issues.
my appeal to the farmers would be to come forward and talk to their respective chief ministers.
he further said, i am a son of a farmer and i have served as union agriculture minister as well.
no prime minister in the past has assured of doubling the income of farmers by 2022, like narendra modi has.
saying that congress is responsible for the plight of farmers in the country, the home minister commented on congress vice-president rahul gandhi joining the agitation, and said, the congress should not forget that they were in power for so long but have not done enough to increase the farmers income.
meanwhile, hitting out at some anti-social elements for trying to bring instability in the state, chief minister shivrajchouhan reiterated that the government is ready to resolve the farmers issues through talks.
anti-social elements trying to bring instability will be strictly dealt with, he said.
widespread violence, including several incidents of arson, have been reported from western madhya pradesh, especially in mandsaur and dewas districts, during the week-long farmers agitation in the state.
meanwhile, contingents of rapid action force (raf) were on thursday deployed in mandsaur which has been on the boil since the past two days.
according to police, two companies of raf, comprising around 100 men each, have moved into pipliamandi in mandsaur, where five farmers were killed.
earlier in the day, madhya pradesh police arrested congress vice-president rahul gandhi under section 151 of the crpc (preventive arrest) while he was travelling to violence-hit mandsaur.
rahul said he wanted to meet the families of the five farmers killed by police firing on tuesday.
finance minister arun jaitley and bjp members during the voting on the gst bill in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo) finance minister arun jaitley and bjp members during the voting on the gst bill in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo)even as bihar became the first non-bjp-ruled state and the second state to ratify the goods and services tax (gst) bill, maharashtra, the largest among nda-ruled states, is yet to set a date for the ratification.
while it is certain that maharashtra will follow bihar and convene a special one-day session of the state legislature before ganeshotsav on september 5, sources confirmed that the precise date will be finalised only after the state cabinet meeting on august 22.
the bill, passed by parliament on august 8, needs to be ratified by 16 of the 31 state assemblies before it can be referred for presidential assent.
the centre is keen that states complete the ratification process before month-end.
it has also been pushing the nda-ruled states to take a lead in this regard.
but bjps principal ally in maharashtra, the shiv sena, while voting for the bill in parliament, has been protesting outside the parliament, arguing that gst would hit revenue income of bigger municipalities such as mumbai, which the party controls.
the congress and the nationalist congress party in the opposition, on the other hand, are expected to back the reform.
on august 12, assam, also under bjp rule, became the first state to ratify the bill.
on tuesday, bihar chief minister nitish kumar attempted to score political points by pipping the bigger nda-ruled states in becoming the second state to do so.
in the national capital, arvind kejriwal, too, has convened a special four-day session from august 22 for the ratification.
jharkhand, another bjp-ruled state, will adopt the bill on wednesday, followed by gujarat and chhattisgarh (both bjp-led), where special assembly sessions have been convened on august 22 for the same.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan had called a special session in his state on august 24.
the maharashtra governments session is unlikely before august 24.
several legislative procedures must be followed to convene a special session.
after the cabinet gives its nod for the special session, a formal proposal must be sent to the governor.
the governor would issue summons calling the special session.
the legislative secretariat would then have to issue formal invitations to all lawmakers, said a senior official.
the centre is targeting april 1, 2017 as date for implementation of gst.
meanwhile, to assure municipalities of adequate compensation, the state government is expected to announce that it would push for allowing direct transfer of compensation to civic bodies instead of it being routed through the consolidated fund.
a gst council, with representatives from both the centre and the states, will be formed after completion of the ratification exercise and the subsequent presidential assent.
the factory that caught fire in balaghat, madhya pradesh (ani photo) the factory that caught fire in balaghat, madhya pradesh (ani photo)twenty-five people have lost their lives after a fire broke out in a cracker factory at bhatan village in balaghat district of madhya pradesh, reported news agency ani.
the fire began around 3 pm in the factory, located about 10 kms from the district headquarters.
most of the deceased are believed to be workers employed in the factory.
while earlier, pti quoted district collector bharat yadav saying that eight bodies were recovered from the debris, the death toll has seemingly gone up.
some of the injured persons have been admitted to nearby hospitals.
it is not clear what the cause of the fire is.
yadav told reporters that an investigation will determine the amount of explosives the factory were allowed to keep.
chief minister shivrajchouhan expressed condolences to the families of the deceased and announced compensation of rs 2 lakh.
the injured will be treated at hospitals with government assistance, he said.
(representational image) (representational image)a local bjp mla on monday demanded a complete ban on liquor in madhya pradesh, amid a movement by indore residents opposing the opening of new liquor shops in residential areas.
during an agitation by some women against opening of a liquor shop in tirupati nagar here, bjp mla from indore-1 constituency sudarshan gupta said, liquor shops should not be opened in the vicinity of residential areas, religious places and educational institutions.
i appeal to chief minister shivrajchouhan to impose a complete ban on liquor in the state in the coming days, he said.
several agitations, mostly led by women, are being held in different parts of city for last three days against the new liquor shops in different parts of the city.
extending his support to these agitations, the legislator said, earlier, people used to tolerate liquor shops in residential areas, but now the people have become aware and are protesting against it.
state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar on the right.
pti photo by shashak parade pti state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar on the right.
pti photo by shashak parade ptithe maharashtra government has ruled out shifting its fiscal from april-march to january-december citing complications in planning and execution of the state budget.
speaking to the indian express, finance minister sudhir mungantiwar said, maharashtra has no such plans to switch to january-december fiscal year.
let the centre take a decision first, and then we will follow.
otherwise, it would lead to chaos.
the state, which wants to sustain its annual growth at 10.
5 per cent, above the national average, is not willing to engage in any risky fiscal adventure without adequately weighing the pros and cons.
at the third annual niti aayogs governing council meeting in delhi last month, prime minister narendra modi had recommended that state governments initiate the process of following january-december fiscal instead of april-march.
taking the lead, bjp-ruled madhya pradesh headed by chief minister shivrajchouhan tuesday decided to switch to january-december fiscal.
such a decision is not practical and would lead to many complications.
if we were to switch the fiscal year, we will have to present the state budget in december instead of march.
it would lead to blind budget as we would be clueless about the centres new plans and financial allocations, which would reflect in their annual budget in february, said mungantiwar.
he added: on what basis can we make allocation for matching grants.
on what basis would be determine the sectoral component.
how would we determine what were the grants required for schemes which would be incorporated in central budget.
if the centre too followed the a january-december financial year, said mungantiwar, states would find the switch easier as that would lead to greater coordination and continuity in both planning and execution of programmes.
earlier this year, when the centre merged non-plan with plan, we took an immediate decision to pursue the same model.
similarly, let the initiative come from the centre first, before states can follow, he added.
the fm said there should be uniformity at centre and state levels.
there are several schemes, such as mnerega, nrhm etc, where the centre and states have to work out the revenue sharing model based on the ratio of say 60:40 or 70:30.
now, when we are not aware of what the ratio or new schemes will be in the centres proposed budget, how can we make allocations in our state budget, which would be public in december.
thus, such a move is not practical, he said.
the chief minister said several farmer organisations had appealed him to call of the fast and some of them were present on the dais.
the chief minister said several farmer organisations had appealed him to call of the fast and some of them were present on the dais.
announcing that peace had returned to madhya pradesh following appeals made by families of those killed in police firing in mandsaur and his own decision to go on a fast, chief minister shivrajchouhan called off his 28-hour fast at the dussehra maidan in bhopal on sunday.
can farmers try to set fire to buses carrying women and children or pelt stones at them?
only haivan and shaitan can do that.
they are criminals i wanted to shake their conscience.
send a message of peace and convey that violence will not help.
now i am satisfied.
there has been let-up in violence and peace is returning fast, he said.
without taking names, he referred to comments attributed to opposition leaders and accused them of plumbing the depths of politics.
he described the appeal made by relatives of those killed in police firing  they were brought to bhopal from mandsaur on saturday  as overwhelming.
they said their own are gone but do not spare the guilty.
they invited me to their homes.
* sale of any produce below the msp will not be allowed and any violation will be treated as a crime.
* soybean stored by farmers will be bought along with tur, moong and urad till june 30.
* madhya pradesh will follow the amul pattern of buying milk from farmers at a much higher rate.
* village knowledge centres will be set up and a rajya bhoomi upyog paramarsh seva (state land use advisory service) will be started to give timely advice to farmers on crops.
* agriculture land will not be forcibly acquired for urban schemes.
* a price stabilisation corpus of rs 1,000 crore will be constituted.
* a commission that will decide fair price after calculating input cost.
* a settlement scheme to bring loan defaulters under the credit net again to enable them to get interest-free loans.
anil yadav of bharatiya kisan union (bku), who claimed to have started the agitation in the state and had been detained earlier, said the government had accepted all their demands and there was no need to be on the streets anymore.
a state minister standing behind him on the dais prompted him to say that madhya pradesh farmers will not take part in the three-hour blockade of national highways on june 16.
union ministers thaawarchand gehlot and narendra tomar and bjp vice-president kailash vijayvargiya  they are from madhya pradesh  were present when chouhan ended his fast at the instance of former chief minister and party veteran kailash joshi.
the chief minister said several farmer organisations had appealed him to call of the fast and some of them were present on the dais.
but rashtriya kisan mazdoor sangh (rkms), an organisation floated by former rss functionary shivkumar sharma, said the agitation was still on because most demands had not been accepted.
those who called off the agitation have no presence or were not agitating, sharma said, adding that the stir had become national and nearly 60 organisations have already announced a plan.
a pti report from mandsaur said madhya pradesh police arrested  and subsequently released  30 activists, including medha patkar, yogendra yadav and swami agnivesh, in ratlam, while they were on their way to mandsaur to meet families of farmers killed in police firing.
the activists were stopped by the police at the dhodhar toll plaza in ratlam districts jaora town and detained in the circuit house there for about 30 minutes.
they dispersed after they were released,city sp deepak kumar shukla said.
the police told the activists, among them jnu students union president mohit kumar pandey and representatives from farmer outfits, that their visit could disturb peace in mandsaur, where prohibitory orders under crpc section 144 are in place, though curfew was lifted saturday.
farmers throw away milk during their strike in bhopal on sunday.
(source: pti) farmers throw away milk during their strike in bhopal on sunday.
(source: pti)the four-day-long agitation by farmers in bjp-ruled madhya pradesh, which turned violent over the past two days in some districts, ended on sunday amid conflicting versions by organisations leading the stir.
after its office-bearers met chief minister shivrajchouhan in ujjain, the bharatiya kisan sangh (bks), an organisation affiliated to the rss, said it has suspended the agitation.
it announced that the government had accepted most of its demands like buying onions at rs 8 a kg and paying farmers half their dues at mandis in cash and the remaining through electronic transfer to their bank accounts.
we have suspended the agitation but if the government goes back on its promises we may take to the streets again, said bks leader shivkant dixit, seating next to the cm at the ujjain circuit house.
he said the cm called him up late on saturday and invited him for talks.
he said the government will buy moong dal from farmers at msp and onions at rs 8 a kg.
last year, the government had bought onions at rs 6 a kg.
he said vegetable yards will be brought under the purview of the legislation covering agriculture produce marketing yards.
also, crop insurance scheme will be made optional.
he announced that cases against farmers in connection with the incidents over the past few days will be withdrawn.
however, bharatiya kisan union, a little-known organisation that is believed to be behind the stir, said the agitation will go on.
bku leader anil yadav threatened to intensify the stir from monday.
the organisation did not get any call from the cm.
president of kisan mazdoor sangh shivkumar sharma said the government had cheated farmers by holding talks with an organisation that was nowhere in the picture in the first two days of the stir seeking fair price for their produce and loan waiver.
sharma, a former rss man who floated a parallel organisation after being expelled from the bks a few years ago, called the bks an agent of the government.
he said his organisation will continue the agitation till all demands were met.
how can an organisation withdraw an agitation that it did not start, he said, referring to the bks.
over the past three days, groups of farmers turned violent in dhar, bioara, indore, jhabua, ujjain, ratlam, and mandsaur among other places.
at some places they clashed with traders and vegetable vendors and attacked police officials.
the police had to open fire at some places to disperse violent mobs.
the agitation by the farmers in mp after taking a clue from their counterparts in maharashtra caused prices of vegetables to soar and resulted in shortage of milk.
b'from left, late mla makhanlal jatav; bjp minister lal singh arya and mp bhagirath prasad, who once blamed arya.
(file photo) from left, late mla makhanlal jatav; bjp minister lal singh arya and mp bhagirath prasad, who once blamed arya.
(file photo)the eight-year-old murder of a congress legislator has caught up with madhya pradesh minister lal singh arya and bjp mp bhagirath prasad, then with the congress.
makhanlal jatav, first-time congress mla from gohad, was shot dead on april 13, 2009, in chhareta village when he was returning after campaigning for prasad, then congress candidate for bhind lok sabha constituency.
last week, a special court in bhind made arya, mos for narmada valley development and gad, an accused after booking him under ipc sections 302 and 120 (b) (conspiracy).
the court issued an arrest warrant but stayed it for 15 days to give the minister an opportunity to argue.
prasad, an ias officer before joining the congress, had then blamed arya for the murder.
now in the bjp, prasad has said he had no evidence and that all i had said was arya could be responsible for the murder.
jatavs murder took place five months after he had defeated arya, his maiden victory in an assembly election.
his two armed guards sat in the backseat of his bolero while he sat in the front.
he had halted the car and was speaking to villagers when two persons walked up and shot him twice with pistols.
congress leaders then blamed arya of having hatched the murder conspiracy.
an fir lodged by one of jatavs guards did not identify any killer.
a case was registered against unknown persons.
at least three eyewitnesses named arya saying he was present on the scene, but neither the police nor the cbi, which later took up the investigation later passed, made the bjp leader an accused saying there was no evidence to back the allegation.
while the trial against six other accused was on, jatavs younger son arvind moved an application under crpc section 311, saying he was an eyewitness and had heard arya shout makhan ko maro, bachna nahi paye (kill makhan, he should not escape).
arvind sought that arya, whose name did not figure in the chargesheet, be made an accused.
the arrest warrant has taken the minister and the bjp by surprise.
the minister said he had full faith in the judiciary and that he would move madhya pradesh high court.
arya claimed he was innocent and that separate probes by the cbi and the local police had found no evidence against him.
the bjp has backed the minister with state party chief nandkumar chouhan saying there was no need for him to resign.
the congress has asked the minster to resign and the cm to sack him.
on tuesday, leader of the opposition ajay singh and two senior congress legislators dodged police to reach near the cm house where they sat on dharna demanding removal of the minister.
after jatavs murder, his elder son ranveer singh won the byelection to gohad.
in 2013, ranveer was not the congress candidate when arya won.
my father was a popular leader and arya had sensed that he stood no chance as long as he was alive, ranveer told the indian express.
he alleged that his fathers guard, being a policeman, had deliberately avoided naming arya but there were other eyewitnesses whose accounts eventually prevailed leading to the arrest warrant.
ranveer said that a few days before the murder, his fathers supporters had hurled stones at arya when he reached an event late; and that arya later filed an fir.
meanwhile, prasad, whose vehicle was right behind jatavs, is struggling to explain his earlier statement to the police.
prasad, principal secretary (home) until his voluntary retirement in 2007, lost the 2009 lok sabha election on a congress ticket, and got the ticket again in 2014 but defected to the bjp and went on to win from bhind.
contacted wednesday, prasad told the indian express his 2009 statement is now irrelevant and has no bearing on the trial.
despite my statement, the cbi and the police had found no evidence against arya.
even i did not have concrete evidence that arya had ordered the killing.
my statement at best was noncommittal, he said, describing attempts to target him as politically motivated.
former bjp mla and khandwa district cooperative bank chairman hukumchand yadav passed away on sunday following a cardiac arrest.
yadav suffered cardiac arrest last night when he reached his office.
he was taken to hospital but could not be saved, district bjp spokesman sunil jain said.
yadav (74) is survived by three sons and a daughter, he added.
meanwhile, chief minister shivrajchouhan , his cabinet colleague narottam mishra and other leaders have expressed grief on the death of yadav.
yadav held the post of district bjp president and got elected as mla from khandwa for four times.
his last rites were performed on monday afternoon.
b'a forest guard was killed sunday when he tried to stop a tractor-trolley carrying illegally mined sand in gwalior.
narendra sharma (45) was killed while trying to stop the vehicle being driven by 19-year-old lal gurjar.
in 2012, an ips officer narendra kumar had died in similar circumstances in neighbouring morena district.
last year, constable dharmendra chouhan was mowed down during a crackdown on the sand mafia.
on sunday, authorities in gwalior and morena districts had stepped up vigil against illegal mining.
to avoid being apprehended, gurjar tried fleeing towards gwalior but was spotted by another police party.
the guard, who managed to get on the vehicle while it was being reversed, was killed as the tractor-trolley overturned.
sharma, of sabalgarh, died on the spot, said gwalior sp harinarayanchari mishra.
he said the driver was booked for murder after being arrested.
sundays incident brought back horrific memories of ips officer narendra kumar being crushed to death in a similar incident four years ago in morena district.
in an attempt to stop the driver, kumar, who was sdop (banmor), had got on top of a tractor-trolley carrying illegally mined stones.
the officer was buried under stones when the driver tried to reverse the vehicle.
the bjp in madhya pradesh on saturday announced a slew of measures for the poor and the youth as it unveiled its manifesto for the november 25 assembly elections,including giving smart phone to students,laptops for meritorious ones,besides benefits to five lakh youngsters under self-employment schemes.
the manifesto committee chairman,vikram verma relased the partys vision document in the presence of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan,leader of opposition in the lok sabha,sushma swaraj,state bjp president narendra singh tomar and other senior party leaders.
targeting poor,the bjp has announced a provision of rice at rs one per kg like wheat and salt under its food security programme.
it also promised to construct 15 lakh houses for the landless in the state.
for agriculture labourers,the party announced a novel provident fund scheme,new crop insurance policy,mukhyamantri khet sadak yojna,besides providing land lease to slum dwellers among others.
for turning agriculture into a profitable venture,the party has announced to increase the agriculture potential of the state to 40 lakh hectare from current 25 lakh hectare.
it also announced to set up ten agriculture polytechnic colleges in the state.
the chief minister said that for providing medical assistance to domestic animals a new mobile service 109 will be launched in the state to ensure health care to them on the lines of 108 ambulance service.
the bjp also announced to connect all villages in the state with an all-weather road in next five years as proper connectivity is a major issue in rural areas.
referring to power which was a major issue in the state,the bjp promised to generate 20,000 mw till 2020.
for enhancing health and medical facilities in the state,the party announced setting up of five new medical and 15 nursing colleges and taking the medical (mbbs) seats from current 1620 to 5000 by 2018.
the bjp has also announced to provide laptop to all the accredited journalists in the state,facility of plot and construction of a house on concessional rates.
the party has also promised to establish a network of small and micro industries in the state and creation of bhopal-indore,bhopal-bina,jabalpur-singrauli and moresinvestment corridor to give boost to industrialisation in the state.
widespread violence, including several incidents of arson, have been reported from western madhya pradesh, especially in mandsaur and dewas district (source: pti photo) widespread violence, including several incidents of arson, have been reported from western madhya pradesh, especially in mandsaur and dewas district (source: pti photo)the move to promote digital payment, electricity crunch and ban on the regulated sale of poppy husk are some of the reasons that led to the farmers stir in madhya pradesh, a top government official said on friday.
the state has been on the boil ever since the farmers launched an agitation last week seeking loan waiver and better crop prices.
the centre and the state government have forbidden the farmers to sell poppy husk since the last two years in mandsaur and neemuch districts and this has rendered hundreds of farmers, mostly members of the strong patidar community, jobless, the official from western madhya pradesh told pti.
according to him, the government used to regulate the sale and farming of poppy husk in the past, but now it was destroying the contraband, which was earlier permitted to be used for medicinal purposes.
the situation has been volatile in mandsaur and neemuch for the last couple of days.
five farmers were killed in police firing at mandsaur on tuesday, while six others were injured.
the official claimed all the deceased farmers belonged to the patidar community.
besides, the state governments move to promote digital payment in place of cash for procuring produce from farmers in the mandis (markets) aggravated the woes of the cultivators, he said.
the farmers have run out of cash due to digital payment mode, which is still at a nascent stage in madhya pradesh, he said.
the cost of farm produce has also gone up considerably due to two reasons  shortage of electricity to farmers and black marketing of manure, the official said.
according to him, farmers were using diesel-run water pumps for irrigation due to lack of power.
the electricity distribution company in the region has been snapping power supply to farmers if they fail to pay the monthly bills instantly, he said.
besides, the farmers are forced to buy manure from the black market at a huge price due to rampant corruption in the state.
this has increased the cost of production of agriculture produce, the official alleged.
widespread violence, including several incidents of arson, have been reported from western madhya pradesh, especially in mandsaur and dewas districts, in the week-long agitation in the state.
rattled by the violence, the madhya pradesh government has announced a crop loan settlement scheme, which proposes waiving of interests of the cultivators who have defaulted on repayment of their loans.
it is the farmers anger which has spilled onto the roads against chief minister shivrajchouhan due to widespread corruption in the farm sector, rashtriya kisan mazdoor sangh national president shivkumar sharma told pti.
there is no electricity in rural areas of mp, so the farmers are using diesel-driven water pumps to irrigate their land.
secondly, they are forced to buy fertilisers from black market, he said.
i had been saying that massive corruption is plaguing the farm sector under chouhan since long.
now my stand is vindicated, he said.
due to these factors, the cost of production of farm produce has skyrocketed.
for getting satisfactory price for their produce, the farmers are protesting, said sharma, who had led a farmers agitation in december 2010.
however, he disagreed that the ban of poppy husk business had ignited the farmers stir.
if contraband is the reason, why are the farmers protesting in other parts of the state, he argued.
bjp mp from mandsaur, sudhir gupta, blamed the congress for the farmers agitation.
congress is behind the violence during the farmers stir, he alleged.
the state government has said that it was ready for an open dialogue with the protesting farmers.
the stir has inflicted immense financial loss to my constituency, gupta said.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
express photo by amit mehra madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
express photo by amit mehramadhya pradesh finance minister jayant malaiya on wednesday said newly-appointed state congress president kamal nath stood no chance against chief minister shivrajchouhan in the assembly elections, due later this year.
kamal nath is no match to chouhan (59) in terms of popularity.
shivraj is very popular among the people for the welfare works he has done.
the congress has pitted an elderly leader like kamal nath (71) against chouhan, malaiya told reporters at indore.
speculations are rife that nath could be the chief ministerial face of the congress in the upcoming polls.
however, the congress veteran had said that he was not hankering for any post after the election and that his only aim was to serve the people of the state.
kamal nath would not be able to face shivraj in the upcoming assembly elections.
since he was appointed as the new president of the state congress recently, media is a bit attracted towards him.
this attraction will wane over a period of time, the finance minister said.
malaiya said the successive congress governments at the centre and madhya pradesh fared poorly in the past.
he said the condition of roads and the power scenario was very bad during 1993-2003 when congress digvijay singh was the chief minister.
b'patel, who took over as chief minister in may 2014 from modi, will cross the age bar of 75 years on november 21 this year as she was born in 1941.
(source: file) patel, who took over as chief minister in may 2014 from modi, will cross the age bar of 75 years on november 21 this year as she was born in 1941.
(source: file)in the wake of recent resignation of union minister najma heptulla due to the undeclared age bar of 75 years for ministers put by prime minister narendra modi, now speculations are rife here on the fate of gujarat chief minister anandiben patel, who will touch the line in november.
patel, who took over as chief minister in may 2014 from modi, will cross the age bar of 75 years on november 21 this year as she was born in 1941.
this question about patel, when she turns 75 is on everybodys mind, said a bjp leader on the condition of anonymity.
watch video: whats making newsspeculations are on if she will be asked to quit or will she be an exception and allowed to continue for one more year till 2017 assembly polls, another leader, who also refused to be named, said.
heptulla, who crossed 75 years was reportedly asked to submit her resignation due to the age bar.
earlier, a couple of ministers in madhya pradesh including senior leader babulal gaur and sartaj singh were dropped from the state cabinet by chief minister shivrajchouhan due to the age bar.
in 2014, when the narendra modi government came to power, the age bar had cancelled out ministerial berths for senior leaders like l k advani, murli manohar joshi, shanta kumar and yashwant sinha.
sinha had in the past remarked that bjp has declared brain dead on may 26, 2014 its leaders above the age of 75.
under the leadership of patel, who has been a minister in the bjp government since 1998 and cm from 2014, the bjp for the first time in the post-narendra modi era in gujarat is facing a tough challenge from its opponents.
elections in the state are due in the later part of 2017.
patel had to face defeat as bjp recently fared badly in the rural civic bodies polls in december 2015.
this was considered as a major loss for her as opposition congress was able to win polls after almost 25 years in the state.
she also had to face the fierce patel community quota agitation, one of the factors which contributed to bjp losing in rural local bodies polls, while retaining urban areas.
opposition congress has also leveled allegations of corruption against her.
no bjp leader was ready to speak on the subject officially saying that this could be just a speculation.
the congress however believes that this rule is followed as per the convenience of top leadership of the bjp.
this is the internal matter of bjp.
but, we believe that this rule is followed as per the convenience of the party leadership.
if they want to keep someone then they do it and if somebody is to be removed the rule is followed, congress spokesperson manish doshi said.
due to up elections they have not taken the resignation of union minister kalraj mishra.
however, when they wanted to keep advaniji and murli manohar joshi out of the cabinet they followed that rule, he added.
chouhan and his ministers eat lunch brought from home on tuesday after the cabinet meeting.
the cm tweeted that the experience of eating together was unprecedented.
express chouhan and his ministers eat lunch brought from home on tuesday after the cabinet meeting.
the cm tweeted that the experience of eating together was unprecedented.
expressthe madhya pradesh government on tuesday announced that it would shift the financial year from april-march to january-december, and will present the next annual budget in the assembly in january 2018.
the decision was taken at a cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
madhya pradesh would be the first state to shift the financial year to january-december after prime minister narendra modi supported the idea at niti aayogs governing council meet held in delhi recently.
all the departments have been told to make their presentation in the next cabinet meeting.
the cabinet also cleared a resolution to declare narmada a living entity.
the resolution will be presented in the assembly on wednesday.
chouhan directed his ministers to use deendayal upadhyays photograph on their letterheads, advertisements and official correspondence to celebrate the party ideologues birth centenary celebrations.
wheat growers have been promised rs 265 over and above the msp of rs 1,735 per quintal.
(express file photo) wheat growers have been promised rs 265 over and above the msp of rs 1,735 per quintal.
(express file photo)frustrated by the long wait to sell his produce of chana, a farmer stormed into the mandi office here last week and threatened: if i am not able to sell my crop on monday, i will set it afire here.
the threat, which came against the backdrop of a farmers death at the mandi as he waited to sell his produce, jolted the officials into action.
they had a tough time pacifying the farmer.
with hundreds of farmers waiting outside mandis in temperatures above 40 degree celsius to sell their produce of chana, lentil and mustard to the government, scenes like these are becoming common across madhya pradesh.
the collectors have been told to ensure that limited number of farmers are called to the mandis so that there are no queues.
bjps kisan morcha on thursday asked its members to reach mandis and offer cold drinking water to the waiting farmers from may 25 to june 15.
also read | high procurement of crop means little to farmers: yogendra yadavthe bjp governments direction came a day after the congress asked its workers to reach mandis and procurement centres and interact with farmers.
alleging that farmers are dying in the state due to firing, high debts, farm losses and now waiting to sell their crops, state congress chief kamal nath has said the state government claims to be pro-farmer but they are the ones to suffer the most.
the long queues at mandis and procurement centres follow the governments decision to buy wheat, gram, mustard and lentil directly from the farmers.
the procurement of wheat began on march 15 and will continue till may 26 while purchase of chana, mustard and lentil began on april 10 and will continue till june 9.
as of thursday, the state government has procured 9.
79 lakh mt chana, the highest ever in the country, and 70.
58 lakh mt wheat.
wheat growers have been promised rs 265 over and above the msp of rs 1,735 per quintal.
the msps for chana, mustard and lentil are rs 4,400, rs 4,250 and rs 4,000, respectively.
shortage of weighing machines and porters is aggravating the situation because only a limited number of trolleys can be weighed at the smaller mandis like the one at lateri.
most mandis are not equipped with a weighbridge that can quickly weigh a loaded and unloaded trolley to determine the produce.
the current process involves emptying a trolley on ground, distributing the content in sacks, weighing them and sealing them.
it takes up to 80 minutes to weigh a 40-quintal trolley.
after the death of the farmer last week, the lateri mandi increased the number of weighing scales but they are still proving inadequate to cater to the rush.
lateri, one of the smaller mandis, caters to 10,000 farmers living in a radius of 35 km.
once the farmers reach the mandi, before their turn or after, they dont go back home so that they save on diesel or rent of tractor-trolleys.
also, they have no option but to sell to the government because traders are offering much less.
the farmers, however, said that if they sell to traders, they get the money immediately, but the proceeds from selling to the government is deposited after some days.
we are angry with the government.
we need money on time.
no point getting something extra when the need is over, said babu khan, a farmer from lateri, when asked about the extra money he will get by selling his produce to the government.
mandi officials, on the other hand, said the farmers either come before the due date or later and insist on selling their produce immediately.
even when they are told to go home and come at a later scheduled date, they dont go.
this makes things unmanageable, said mandi official vishwanath dhamde.
a scene after violent clashes between farmers and the police at pipliya in mandsaur district on tuesday.
(pti photo) a scene after violent clashes between farmers and the police at pipliya in mandsaur district on tuesday.
(pti photo)protesting farmers in the mandsaur region of madhya pradesh clashed with the district collector and superintendent of police on wednesday over their delayed visit to the region, reported news agency ani.
they reportedly chased away these officers from their protest.
they are demanding a meeting with chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
their protests entered the sixth day today, with farmers demanding loan waivers and better prices for their crops.
at least 8-10 vehicles were torched today in mandsaur.
curfew was imposed in mandsaur last evening, after six farmers were allegedly killed and eight injured in two separate incidents of police firing.
a judicial probe has been ordered to ascertain who gave the order to fire.
state home minister bhupendra singh, who had earlier denied police involvement, later conceded that they may have fired in self-defence at one place.
read: dont politicise the issue, venkaiah naidu tells congress.
click here.
there was no order to open fire, i have assured them (farmers) a strict action, mandsaur collector swantra singh was quoted as saying by ani, a day after the home ministers remarks.
meanwhile, union minister venkaiah naidu appealed to the congress not to politicise the issue.
in a statement to ani, he said, madhya pradesh is an island of peace.
i tell congress dont politicise, dont fuel violence in the name of farmers.
the bjp-led administration in the state denied congress vice-president rahul gandhi permission to visit the region today.
former mp from mandsaur and congress leader meenakshi natarajan was detained by the police while trying to meet the farmers.
read more.
farmers began their agitation on june 1, demanding higher minimum support prices (msp) and loan waivers in the wake of uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanaths decision to waive all loans in the state.
the protests turned violent on monday, after incidents of torched vehicles and stone-pelting were reported parshvanath area.
b'the madhya pradesh congress today demanded that the ruling bjp deposit in the state exchequer rs 2 crore spent on decorating the venue of chief minister shivrajchouhan fast here.
a sum of rs 2 crore was spent from the state exchequer for the fast which never took off, mp congress spokesman j p dhanopia told pti.
the spokesman said that the fast appeared to be meant for nothing but cheap publicity of chouhan.
dhanopia said since the bjps publicity stunt was aborted the money spent on decorating the fast venue and providing facilities for the chief minister had gone waste.
it is therefore appropriate that the bjp deposit rs 2 crore in the state exchequer, he said.
chouhan called off his fast in less than 20 minutes following an assurance by prime minister manmohan singh that the centre will look into the issues raised by the state government.
the cm sat on a fast on february 13 in a makeshift tent here at dussehra maidan to protest the centres alleged neglect of the demands of the state.
the state bjp had accused the congress-led upa government of meting out step-motherly treatment to madhya pradesh and ignoring key issues raised by them,especially those related to farmers,who are facing a tough time due to crop failure on account of frost and cold conditions.
meanwhile,madhya pradesh bjp president prabhat jha today said that pms phone call to chouhan on sunday indicated that the bjp was able to exert pressure on him.
he said had the prime minister heeded to state governments voice this situation could have been averted.
madhya pradesh farmers protest: madhya pradesh congress party activists along with bharatiya kisan mazdoor sangh during a demonstration against chief minister shivrajchouhan in bhopal after the incident of police firing on farmers in mandsaur on wednesday.
(source: pti photo) madhya pradesh farmers protest: madhya pradesh congress party activists along with bharatiya kisan mazdoor sangh during a demonstration against chief minister shivrajchouhan in bhopal after the incident of police firing on farmers in mandsaur on wednesday.
(source: pti photo)congress vice-president rahul gandhi is scheduled to visit mandsaur district on thursday to meet the families of the farmers killed allegedly in police firing.
the local police, however, made it clear he will not be allowed to enter the district.
meanwhile, madhya pradesh home minister hm bhupendra singh, who had earlier denied the charge of farmers death due to police firing, told news agency ani today that the death of the five farmers was due to police firing.
this has been established in the probe, singh was quoted as saying by the news agency.
the indian express had reported on wednesday that the home minister, who had earlier denied the charge, later conceded that police may have fired in self-defence at one place.
this comes a day after the union government hit back at the congress for politicising the death of five farmers during the ongoing farmer agitation.
neemuch sp manoj kumar singh said on thursday that rahul will not be allowed to visit violence-hit mandsaur.
read: five farmers killed in police firing, admits home minister bhupendra singhfarmers of mp are peace-loving.
they do not indulge in violent activities.
there is a conspiracy behind this entire incident.
those who do not want peace and prosperity in the state and can not see the bjp government functioning smoothly are behind this incident, rural development minister narender singh tomar alleged.
countering the allegations, congress slammed the centre for spreading rumours on the incident instead of tackling the problem.
the bjp has almost been acting like a curse of death for indian farmers, literally  not figuratively.
distressed farmers are viewed by heartless bjp virtually as fodder for opening fire upon, congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi told pti.
the congress has also raised questions on prime minister narendra modis silence over the issue.
despite much hoopla about starting kisan dd channel, mr prime minister  did this kisan channel show this mandsaur incident?
singhvi asked.
the party has also released a booklet of facts about farmers plight and the number of suicides taking place in the country.
the farmers have been protesting since june 1 demanding loan waiver and better crop prices.
centre has also rushed 1,100 personnel of anti-riot rapid action force (raf) to the violence-hit state.
tension prevailed in mandsaur and the adjoining neemuch district as protesters defied curfew and indulged in arson and violence on wednesday.
the violence has also spread to other places in the state, including dewas, ujjain, sehore and barwani.
since june 1, farmers in madhya pradesh have been protesting for better prices for their produce and debt relief.
(representational image) since june 1, farmers in madhya pradesh have been protesting for better prices for their produce and debt relief.
(representational image)amid tension in the state regarding farmer debt relief, two farmers from madhya pradeshs shivpuri and hoshangabad districts committed suicide on thursday, news agency ians reported.
50-year-old narmada prasad yadav, a resident of chaplasar village in hoshangabad, was reportedly found unconscious and foaming at the mouth on wednesday.
he was later taken to a hospital where was declared dead later at night.
his family says that he had an outstanding debt of rs 50,000 and was being pressurised to clear the debt.
the debtors were even asking him to give his tractor as repayment.
distressed by this, he allegedly committed suicide.
we are investigating the case, a police official was quoted as saying by ians.
meanwhile in shivpuris bineka village, another farmer kalla was found hanging from a tree.
according to his relatives, kalla had sufficient land in his name but due to drought conditions in the region in the last three years, he had an increasing amount of debt to his name.
following their deaths, the number of farmer suicides in madhya pradesh in the last three days has risen to six.
since june 1, farmers in madhya pradesh have been protesting for better prices for their produce and debt relief.
on june 6, the protests took a violent turn after six farmers were killed in a police firing in mandsaur.
the agitation in the last few days has spread to nearby districts, including bhopal and the malwa-nimad area.
roads have been blocked, property vandalised and vehicles have been set on fire during the protests.
following the violence in mandsaur and the deaths of the six farmers, chief minister shivrajchouhan ordered a judicial probe.
a bill that the congress government in madhya pradesh sought to bring against cow vigilantism was referred to the select committee of the assembly in the face of stiff opposition from the opposition bjp, which alleged that the proposed legislation will encourage slaughter of cows and vitiate social fabric of the state.
advertisingcalled madhya pradesh gauvansh vadh pratishedh (sanshodhan) vidheyak, 2019, the amendment sought to curb cow vigilantism by proposing a jail term from six months to five years against those who attack, or damage properties of, people booked for violating the principal act of 2004.
it also proposed a fine of up to rs 50,000.
even before the bill was introduced few days ago, the bjp had opposed its provisions, accusing the congress of appeasement.
the opposition party said even those accused of theft or child lifting are lynched or attacked but the congress government did not want to bring any legislation against that.
when the bill introduced by animal husbandry minister lakhan singh yadav came up for discussion on wednesday, the bjp scaled up its arguments with former chief minister shivrajchouhan alleging that on one hand the government was talking about building cow sheds but on the other hand is bringing an amendment that will allow cow smugglers a free run in transporting cows and to take them to mechanised slaughterhouses.
advertisingit will encourage cow slaughter and no gau shalas will be required because there will be no cows to protect, he alleged.
he said there are enough ipc provisions to deal with cases of lynching and requested that the bill be sent to the select committee and introduced again after studying pros and cons.
former home minister bhupendra singh alleged that the proposed amendment amounts to encouraging illegal transportation of cows and penalising those who try to stop transport without valid permit.
the bjp will never support such a bill because it seeks to patronise those engaged in cow slaughter, he said.
after the bjp legislators opposition, chief minister kamal nath said the bill should be referred to the select committee to address concerns raised by some members.
our policy for gau shala has been framed not by political considerations but emotions.
we have not engaged in cow politics.
it was not our intention.
speaker n p prajapati said the bill would be referred to select committee and its constitution will soon be announced.
more than 16 lakh farmers have registered for the scheme.
(file photo) more than 16 lakh farmers have registered for the scheme.
(file photo)the madhya pradesh government has said that payment to farmers under bhavantar bhugtan yojana will be done in the next two weeks, not after december 31, following criticism of the scheme that is meant to compensate peasants if they are forced to sell certain crops below the minimum support price (msp).
nearly 1.
17 lakh farmers who sold notified crops between october 16 and october 31 below the msp will get the difference over the next two weeks.
the estimated amount comes to rs 167.
42 crore.
the farmers were to get this benefit only after december 31, after which the government was to calculate the average rate that prevailed in mandis in mp and two other states between october 16 and december 31.
chief minister shivrajchouhan , who reviews the scheme daily, made the announcement after fridays meeting with bureaucrats from the agriculture and finance departments, warehousing corporation and agriculture marketing board.
since the inauguration of the scheme on october 16, farmers and opposition parties have alleged that the prices of certain commodities such as soybean and urad have plunged.
the government, however, insisted that the claim was not backed by facts as there was not much difference between rates in mp and mandis in other states.
more than 16 lakh farmers have registered for the scheme.
allahabad: aam aadmi party (aap) leader sanjay singh interacts with media persons after a party meeting in allahabad on friday.
pti photo (pti6_2_2017_000216b) allahabad: aam aadmi party (aap) leader sanjay singh interacts with media persons after a party meeting in allahabad on friday.
pti photo (pti6_2_2017_000216b)a delegation of the aam aadmi party was today stopped here by the police from entering mandsaur, hit by violent farmers agitation, a day after rahul gandhi and other congress leaders were turned back by authorities.
the delegation consisting of sanjay singh, bhagwant mann, somnath bharti, ashutosh and the partys madhya pradesh unit convener alok aggarwal sat on a dharna in dhodhar area of ratlam district after officials denied them entry into mandsaur as curfew had been imposed there and told them it would not be safe.
jaora city sp deepak kumar shukla said the aap leaders were not allowed to enter mandsaur and sent back from ratlam.
the aap leaders also spoke to some of the farmers who have been protesting since june 1, seeking loan waiver and higher prices for the farm produce among other things.
mandsaur has been kept out of bounds for political leaders by the state administration in the wake of wide spread violence following the death of five farmers in police firing during the agitation.
we were going to meet the families of the deceased farmers and did not have any intention to disrupt the law and order in mandsaur but even then we were stopped, sanjay singh said.
he demanded chief minister shivrajchouhan resignation and also hit out at prime minister narendra modi for keeping mum on the issue.
he (modi) tweets immediately on issues from all over the world but has not uttered a single word in solidarity with the farmers in mandsaur, singh said.
the farmers in the country are facing tough times.
those from tamil nadu had to protest in delhi while the ones in mandsaur had to face the bullets.
its high time that the centre waives loans of farmers across the country, he added.
congress vice president rahul gandhi was yesterday arrested as he tried to enter mandsaur from neemuch district, about 400 km from the state capital bhopal.
he was later released along with his 250 supporters on the border with rajasthan.
earlier in the day, mandsaur sp manoj kumar singh had said prohibitory orders are in place in the entire district and entry of outsiders will be restricted.
the sp had said the aap leaders will be arrested if they try to enter the district.
he said anti-social elements were involved in the breach of peace in the district and 156 persons have been arrested so far in connection with cases of arson and vandalism.
we are with the farmers but will take action against those who resort to violence.
anti-social elements were involved in violence, he said.
he said he himself is a farmer and understands problems faced by them.
i am in constant touch with the officials and checking the status of the incident in real-time.
in a series of tweets, the chief minister also appealed to the farmers to maintain peace and harmony across the state and not to give credence to rumours.
on tuesday, five farmers were killed and several injured in firing during protests in mandsaur.
while police denied firing on the agitating farmers, the state government ordered a judicial probe into the matter.
madhya pradesh home minister bhupendra singh, meanwhile, conceded that police may have acted in self-defence.
he had also announced compensation of rs 1 crore for the kin of the dead and rs 5 lakh to those injured.
officials claim shots were fired from within the mob of protesters.
in western madhya pradesh, farmers are protesting since june 1.
they are demanding minimum support price for their farm produce, besides other things.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi earlier blamed the modi government for the ongoing farmers protests and firing in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh, saying, government is at war with the farmers of our country.
in response, union minister venkaiah naidu criticised the congress party on wednesday for politicising the incident and said, madhya pradesh is an island of peace.
i tell congress dont politicise, dont fuel violence in the name of farmers.
(pti photo)as western madhya pradesh reels under violent protest by farmers over loan waiver and better price for their produce, chief minister shivrajchouhan on thursday said the state government was open for a dialogue to iron out the differences and once again appealed them to maintain peace.
the state government is always ready for talks with farmers.
i appeal to the farmers to maintain calm.
only talks can end the differences, he said in a press statement in bhopal.
the state government is of farmers and public.
i will continue to work for them, he said.
the chief minister said the state government has taken a slew of measures in farmers interest like procuring one kg of onion for rs 8.
we (state government) are going to start buying tur and urad pulses from farmers at msp from june 10, he said.
he appealed to the agitating farmers to ensure the nefarious designs of the anti-social elements do not prevail.
widespread violence, including several incidents of arson, have been reported from western madhya pradesh, especially in mandsaur and dewas districts, during the week-long farmers agitation in the state.
meanwhile, contingents of rapid action force (raf) were today deployed in mandsaur which has been on the boil since the past two days.
according to police, two companies of raf, comprising around 100 men each, have moved into pipliamandi in mandsaur, where five farmers were killed.
dig ratlam range avinash sharma is camping in pipliamandi, where the agitating farmers defied prohibitory orders, beat up officials and policemen, and resorted to violence and arson yesterday.
the state government, in a bid to cool tempers, has already announced certain measures, including a loan settlement scheme for those cultivators who had defaulted on repayment of farm loan.
the scheme will cover around six lakh farmers with accumulated dues of rs 6,000 crore, according to the government.
shajapur: farmers throwing onions and other vegetables on the road during their protest in shajapur of madhya pradesh.
(pti photo) shajapur: farmers throwing onions and other vegetables on the road during their protest in shajapur of madhya pradesh.
(pti photo)the farmers movement in madhya pradesh spread rapidly from one district to another, despite the lack of a central leadership, through the canny use of photos, videos and texts on social media platforms.
one hand on the tractor wheel and the other on the phone ready to tweet.
that was the instruction given to the protesters, many of them youngsters who defy the stereotypical image of the traditional indian farmer.
they are tech savvy, own smartphones and used facebook, twitter and whatsapp to spread information and gather people for the protests.
according to police officials in mandsaur, the centre of the protests, around 80 per cent of the protesters fall in the 16-30 age group.
this is the first time in the history of the state that a movement like this was built through these internet tools.
we had appealed to farmers to reach out to the masses using such platforms, said kedar sirohi, leader of the aam kisan union, a farmer organisation.
our message to farmers was to keep one hand on the tractor steering wheel and the other on the phone to send tweets, he said.
the lack of a central leadership left the government in a fix as they did not know exactly who to negotiate with.
the june 4 meeting between chief minister shivrajchouhan and the rss-affiliated bharatiya kisan sangh (bks) and another farmer body, the kisan sena, was a case in point.
however, the protests by the farmers, who are demanding a loan waiver and satisfactory prices for their produce, raged on.
the movement turned violent two days later when five persons died in police firing on june 6 in mandsaur.
one more farmer died on june 8 with villagers alleging that he was beaten up in police custody.
the mandsaur-neemuch region, about 300 km from the state capital bhopal, became the nerve centre of the gathering storm of farmer distress.
later, protests spread to some other parts of the state.
the farmers had first declared that the protests would last from june 1 to june 10.
but after the deaths, we are not going to set any end date for it, sirohi said.
the police, faced with what they say is a veritable barrage of fake news, rumours and unconfirmed reports, have suspended internet services in five districts  mandsaur, ujjain, ratlam, neemuch and dhar.
according to ig (law and order) makarand deuskar, the proliferation of fake and inflammatory news fanned the violence in the state.
this is why we have, till further orders, suspended internet services.
we are in touch with the administrations of the five districts to keep tabs on the on-ground situation.
we will take further steps after assessing the situation, he said.
the ig also said that action would be taken against those will take action against those posting provocative content on social media.
b'madhya pradesh tribal welfare minister vijay shah,who courted a major controversy over his alleged sexist remarks,today tendered his resignation.
shah submitted his resignation to chief minister shivrajchouhan today,which was then forwarded to governor ram naresh yadav,who accepted it, sources close to chouhan said here today.
shah courted a major controversy over his alleged sexist remarks.
he had allegedly also made a passing reference to sadhna singh,wife of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan,during a speech in jhabua.
following this,shah was summoned by state bjp president narendra singh tomar to his residence late last night to clarify his position on the matter.
though shah explained the circumstances in which he gave the speech,it did not go down well with the bjp leadership and he was eventually asked to quit, the sources said.
the bjp leadership was not happy with the ministers remark as it gave an issue to the opposition congress against the ruling party which has questioned chouhans credentials on the issue.
the congress had held statewide protests on the issue yesterday,with the state congress president kantilal bhuria and the leader of opposition ajay singh slamming chouhan for his silence on the issue for two-days.
bhopal unit of congress,led by partys media department chairman,manak agrawal,had taken placards stating sadhna ke samman mein,congress maidan mein (for protecting honour of sadhna,congress on the streets) to embarrass the bjp leadership on the issue.
the curfew will remain in pipliamandi police station area which is 15 kms from mandsaur district headquarters the curfew will remain in pipliamandi police station area which is 15 kms from mandsaur district headquarterscurfew was friday lifted from mandsaur city as the district, the epicentre of the farmers agitation in madhya pradesh, remained peaceful though the restrictions on assembly would remain in force.
the district administration also said the internet services in the district, which were suspended on june 5 after out break of violence, will be restored by tomorrow morning.
mandsaur superintendent of police manoj kumar singh said the curfew has been lifted from all the three police station areas of the mandsaur city where it was imposed.
however, prohibitory orders under section crpc 144, which bans assembly of more than four persons, will remain in force in the district.
demonstrations, protests and rallies will not be allowed in the district, he said.
the curfew will remain in pipliamandi police station area which is 15 kms from mandsaur district headquarters and where five farmers were killed in separate police firings during the agitation.
in a joint press conference here, collector o p shrivastava said the internet services will be restored at earliest.
but if objectionable or inflammatory content is circulated on social media, the decision would be reconsidered, he added.
when asked about resumption of public transport, the sp said a meeting with bus operators will be held tomorrow in which they will be asked to restore their services.
singh said that security will be provided to bus staffers, petrol pump employees and milkmen so that they can work.
farmers in the state began protests over low prices for their crops on june 1.
the mandsaur-neemuch region, about 300 km from the state capital bhopal, became the nerve centre of the gathering storm of farmer distress.
later, protests spread to some other parts of the state.
in mandsaur, the curfew was imposed after five people were killed in police firing during a farmers protest on june 6, it was today relaxed for 12 hours in four police station areas of the district.
their stir turned violent when five persons died in police firing, while six others were injured on tuesday in mandsaur district.
meanwhile, chief minister shivrajchouhan today began his indefinite fast at the dusshera maidan in bhopal for restoration of peace and promised profitable prices to farmers for their produce.
gangwar claimed the post in question is not on his timeline and that he may have liked an article shared on facebook but never made that comment.
gangwar claimed the post in question is not on his timeline and that he may have liked an article shared on facebook but never made that comment.
the bjp government in madhya pradesh on monday asked ias officer ajay singh gangwar to explain a purported facebook post calling for a peoples revolution (jan kranti) against prime minister narendra modi.
this comes days after gangwar was transferred following his facebook post in which he praised jawaharlal nehru.
the notice sent today is silent on this post.
the one-line notice has sought his explanation within seven days on a purported facebook post dated january 23, 2015, which referred to an opinion piece in the editorial page of jansatta.
the piece, written by a contributor, was critical of modis make in india.
gangwar claimed the post in question is not on his timeline and that he may have liked an article shared on facebook but never made that comment.
i will ask them about the source of that post.
they probably got it from social media.
they are doing this because their action of transferring me for my comments on nehru boomeranged on them.
they are doing this to divert attention, said the 54-year-old officer.
sharing the purported facebook post in which gangwar has liked the article, s k mishra, principal secretary to chief minister shivrajchouhan who holds the general administration department portfolio, said: the government acted when the anti-modi post was brought to its notice.
it has nothing to do with his comments about nehru.
last week, gangwar, who was posted as the district collector of barwani, was transferred as deputy secretary in the secretariat in bhopal on a temporary basis till further orders.
calling it an ideological battle, gangwar said: whatever policy they make about freedom of speech and expression has to conform to the constitution.
otherwise, it will be challenged in a court of law.
stating that a facebook like or share was similar to handing over a book to someone in library, he asked, will that also invite punishment?
accusing the government of gherabandi (siege), he said the government appeared to prefer those who toe its line.
he said the action would have been justified if he had refused to carry out official work.
i am not in favour of preparing aadhar cards for children up to five years of age because the card may get lost or the face could change, but i am continuing with the mandate, he said.
asked if he was planning a political career, he said, i am a social person.
a social person can always turn political.
former union minister and congress mp jyotiraditya scindia (pti photo) former union minister and congress mp jyotiraditya scindia (pti photo)congress leader jyotiraditya scindia on tuesday was arrested before he reached mandsaur in madhya pradesh, the epicentre of farmers agitation after state police imposed section 144 in the region which prohibits more than four people from gathering, according to ani.
scindia was arrested under section 151.
talking to media, before his arrest, scindia has said he would go alone in mandsaur as section 144 doesnt prohibit a single persons movement.
144 laga hai to maine police ko kaha hai mai akele jaunga.
kaun rok sakta hai agar ek insaan akele jana chahta hai ?
(section 144 has been imposed and, therefore, i told police that i would go alone.
lets see who stops if someone plans to go alone?
), scindia said.
the congress mp was released a few hours later.
scindia, the congress chief whip in lok sabha, was stopped from entering mandsaur along with his supporters at dhodar.
he had said that he wanted to meet the family members of the five persons who were killed in police firing during farmers agitation last week.
earlier, a party spokesman had said that the congress leader would sit on a 72-hour-long satyagraha from june 14 in bhopal to protest against the anti-farmer policies of the bjp government in mp.
madhya pradesh farmers have been protesting since june 1, demanding loan waiver and better prices for their produce.
the situation spiralled out of control as agitating protesters looted and set ablaze properties in several districts.
in the wake of protests, chief minister shivrajchouhan had observed an indefinite fast in an attempt to calm down the rising tempers.
however, he ended his fast on sunday claiming that peace has returned to the state.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi on his way to mandsaur.
(source: twitter/@incindia) congress vice-president rahul gandhi on his way to mandsaur.
(source: twitter/@incindia)congress vice-president rahul gandhi was arrested by the madhya pradesh police en route violence-hit mandsaur on thursday under section 151 of the crpc (preventive arrest).
speaking to the media, he said he wasnt given a reason for being arrested, and that the same was done to him in uttar pradesh as well.
earlier in the day, the police had maintained that they would not permit gandhi to visit the district.
the congress leader reached udaipur, rajasthan, before leaving for mp by road.
in nimaheda town, in chittorgarh district, he rode pillion for nearly 7 kilometres to reach the mp border.
from there, he walked to the border, where he was taken into preventive custody.
na kisaano ka karza maaf karte hain, na bonus dete; bas goliyaan dete hain (they dont waive off farmers loan.
neither do they give any bonuses.
bullets are what all they give), gandhi said.
narendra modi can waive loans of the countrys rich but cant do so for farmers.
he reiterated he wanted to visit the district to meet the families of the five farmers killed by police firing on tuesday.
read live updates on the madhya pradesh farmers protest here.
prior to his arrest, gandhi took to twitter saying, rajasthan and madhya pradesh governmenet are doing their best to prevent me from entering mp and meeting the families of the farmers killed in mandsaur.
what law of the land says that it is illegal to stand in solidarity with farmers who were killed simply for demanding what is their right?
what law of the land says that it is illegal to stand in solidarity with farmers who were killed simply for demanding what is their right?
office of rg (@officeofrg) june 8, 2017             ,           #mandsaur  office of rg (@officeofrg) june 8, 2017       ,      ,   -        #mandsaur  office of rg (@officeofrg) june 8, 2017later, gandhi said he spoke to the families of the deceased farmers on the phone and expressed condolences.
gandhi was accompanied by pradesh congress committee (pcc) chief sachin pilot and party leaders digvijay singh, girija vyas and kamalnath.
visuals, however, show him riding pillion towards mandsaur.
read: congress using farmers protest as photo op, says venkaiah naidu.
click here.
digvijay singh, speaking to reporters at neemuch border, targeted the central government saying it is working foolishly.
he demanded the resignation of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
jd(u) leader sharad yadav, who was with kamal nath and digvijaya singh requested police personnel to allow them to meet the farmers kin.
we are just five people, allow us to go.
we are here to meet those injured in the protests and meet the families of the dead, yadav said.
digvijay singh added: how can you stop three people citing section 144?
madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister venkaiah naidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
(pti file photo, file) madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister venkaiah naidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
(pti file photo, file)amid farmers protest in madhya pradeshs mandsaur district, union minister venkaiah naidu slammed the congress on thursday saying it was using the protest as a photo opportunity.
naidu dismissed the partys demand for the resignation of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi travelled to mandsaur today, despite not being granted permission from the state government to visit the families of five farmers who were killed by police firing earlier this week.
farmers in western madhya pradesh are demanding an increase in prices for their products and loan waivers.
follow live updates from mandsaur here.
the congress is instigating and politicising the issue.
it should stop doing that and behave as a responsible political party to help restore normalcy there, naidu was quoted as saying by pti.
he recalled a similar incident in 1998 in betul district where 24 farmers were allegedly killed in police firing ordered by the then chief minister and congress leader digvijay singh.
did they seek resignation of singh when the 24 farmers were killed?
did the congress vice president visit the victim farmers then?
naidu asked.
read: as protests spread to other mp areas, shivrajchouhan offers farm sops.
click here.
with the state police adamant against allowing gandhi to visit violence-hit mandsaur, the leader hopped onto a motorcycle to travel to mandsaur on thursday.
he was accompanied to the state by pradesh congress committee chief sachin pilot and party leaders digvijay singh, girija vyas and kamalnath.
visuals, however, show him riding pillion towards mandsaur.
raj & mp govts are doing their best to prevent me from entering mp & meeting the families of the #farmers killed in #mandsaur, gandhi tweeted.
what law of the land says that it is illegal to stand in solidarity with farmers who were killed simply for demanding what is their right?
meanwhile, state home minister bhupendra singh today retracted his earlier statement and confirmed farmers were killed at the hands of the police earlier this week.
this has been established in the probe, singh was quoted as saying by ani.
read more.
the enforcement directorate on thursday registered a money laundering case in the katni district hawala racket to probe allegations that stash funds to the tune of rs 500 crore were illegally routed by operatives using fake bank accounts post demonetisation.
officials said the agency booked a criminal case under the provisions of the prevention of money laundering act (pmla) taking cognisance of four firs registered by madhya pradesh police and a recommendation sent in this regard by the state government to the ed headquarters in delhi earlier.
the agency, they said, will soon send a team of officials from its offices in indore and mumbai to liaise with katni police who had registered the first case based on the complaints.
the case had assumed political overtones after katni superintendent of police gaurav tiwari, considered to be instrumental in taking the probe into the case forward, was transferred on january 9 to chhindwara by the government.
under the said hawala racket, fake accounts were allegedly opened in a private bank branch under which scrapped old notes were deposited in katni district.
a state government spokesperson had earlier said: some elements have exchanged currency (old notes) through fake bank accounts at a bank at katni by forging the documents.
the state government has decided that the ed should be urged to look into all these cases.
though the state government had termed tiwaris transfer as a routine administrative affair, the development triggered a series of protests in katni, located about 365 km from here.
congress had alleged that the sps was transfered to hush up the scam.
the name of a cabinet colleague of the chief minister also figured along with other influential people in this money laundering scam exposed by tiwari, state congress chief arun yadav had alleged.
in a bid to cover up the matter, the state government removed tiwari from katni sps post within six months of this posting, he had charged.
a congress spokesperson had also said that this alleged money laundering scam is worth over rs 500 crore.
madhya pradesh cabinet on monday approved the state liquor policy for 2017-18, which makes it mandatory for liquor traders to put up boards at their shops, which will warn people that alcohol consumption is injurious to health.
(photo for representational purpose) madhya pradesh cabinet on monday approved the state liquor policy for 2017-18, which makes it mandatory for liquor traders to put up boards at their shops, which will warn people that alcohol consumption is injurious to health.
(photo for representational purpose)madhya pradesh cabinet on monday approved the state liquor policy for 2017-18, which makes it mandatory for liquor traders to put up boards at their shops, which will warn people that alcohol consumption is injurious to health.
the policy also states that the liquor bottles will also have to carry similar warnings in bold letters.
as per the new policy, an online tracking system of liquor consignments would also be introduced.
watch what else is making newsthe state cabinet meet chaired by chief minister shivrajchouhan today approved the liquor policy for next financial year.
several measures, including the display of warning liquor consumption is injurious to health at the shops and also on the liquor bottles in bold letters, were decided, state public relations minister narottam mishra told reporters after the meeting.
at present, this message is displayed in small size letters on the bottles.
now, a bigger and bolder warning message needs to be displayed on them, he added.
mishra, who is also the spokesperson of the government, said the liquor policy has been divided into three parts this year  madira sanyam (liquor abstinence), revenue collection and ease of doing business.
the liquor shops would now have to keep a record of the habitual drinkers.
besides, the police stations would also be told to maintain a record of habitual offenders in liquor-related cases, mishra informed.
according to him, among other measures, the new liquor policy also suggested inclusion of lessons on de-addiction in the school curriculum and holding seminars to educate people on this issue.
the department concerned would also be told to open yoga and meditation centres in the districts as de-addiction measures, he added.
the minister said the state government would also run de-addiction awareness campaigns in cooperation with the social organisations and ngos.
we are serious about the de-addiction efforts.
the state government is conducting a study in reference to bihar, gujarat and madhya pradesh on tendency of crimes due to liquor addiction and increase in the rate, he added.
b'his campaign coincided with the conclusion of the narmada seva yatra launched by chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
(source: ani/twitter) his campaign coincided with the conclusion of the narmada seva yatra launched by chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
(source: ani/twitter)the harda district administration on tuesday externed former bjp minister kamal patels son sudip, who is allegedly involved in at least 14 criminal cases, from the boundaries of five districts for a year.
the former revenue minister alleged that the externment was the administrations response to his campaign against illegal sand mining in the narmada, launched two weeks ago.
the former minister was camping in bhopal for the last three days and met bjp president nandkumar chouhan.
kamal had recently approached the national green tribunal, alleging that sand mining was rampant in harda, dewas, sehore and hoshangabad and accused collectors and police officers of these districts of being hand-in-glove with the sand mafia.
his campaign coincided with the conclusion of the narmada seva yatra launched by chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
bjp insiders linked the former ministers sudden outburst with the possible action against his 32-year-old son sudip, who is also a politician.
both father and son were accused of instigating communal riots in 2013 in two villages over a cow slaughter rumour.
a petition alleging that the riots were not properly investigated is pending before the supreme court.
the young politician has been told not to enter the boundaries of harda, khandwa, dewas, hoshangabad and betul districts after 48 hours.
i am fighting against corruption and dared to take on the sand mafia.
i and my son have been accused of involvement in several fabricated cases.
but i will continue to fight, the former minister told the indian express, alleging that rampant mining was on even in budhni, the constituency of the chief minister.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan today laid emphasis on active participation at community and government level to combat the challenges of climate change.
he said that his government in madhya pradesh has undertaken a peoples campaign- namami devi narmade to protect the environment.
social activist anna hazare, who was also present on the occasion, said that large scale efforts are needed to protect and preserve the environment in future.
congress leader jyotiraditya scindia after being detained on way to mandsaur in madhya pradesh on tuesday.
pti congress leader jyotiraditya scindia after being detained on way to mandsaur in madhya pradesh on tuesday.
pticongresss chief whip in lok sabha jyotiraditya scindia and gujarat-based patidar leader hardik patel were on tuesday stopped from visiting relatives of farmers who died in police firing in madhya pradeshs mandsaur district.
they were later released.
before he was detained, near dhodhar, the lok sabha mp from guna, in madhya pradesh, told the media that he would go alone to meet families.
he staged a sit-in at jaora toll booth before being detained.
scindia is set to begin a 72-hour fast in bhopal on wednesday to take on the government on the ongoing farm crisis.
like a common man, i wanted to meet families of those who died in police firing.
is it a crime to offer solace to relatives of the victims, scindia asked.
referring to chief minister shivrajchouhan statement announcing that he was calling off his fast because normalcy had been restored, scindia said if that was the case, why was he being not allowed to go to mandsaur.
hardik patel, who tried to enter mp through rajasthan, was detained at neemuch.
i am not a terrorist.
i am an indian citizen and am free to go anywhere in india, he said.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (file) madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (file)a day after new madhya pradesh congress committee chief kamal nath took a jibe at chief minister shivrajchouhan , indicating that the latter may be a nalayak (unworthy) friend, chouhan used the word in a self-deprecating manner nearly a dozen times at an event on tuesday to talk about pro-poor schemes launched during his tenure.
hum nalayak hai kyunki humne colonies vaidh ki, hum nalayak hai kyunki hum ek rupaye me gehoon de rahein (i am nalayak because i regularised colonies; i am nalayak because my government gives wheat at rs 1 a kilo) chouhan, chief minister of madhya pradesh for more than 12 years, said while launching a campaign to legalise illegal colonies across the state at a function in gwalior.
he also said, hum garibon ka ilaaj kartein hai to nalayak ho gaye.
yojana acchi hai par woh toh hamey nalayak kah rahein hai (we provide free treatment for the poor but they call us unworthy.
the scheme is good but they consider us unworthy).
responding to a question on his friendship with chouhan during an interaction with the media on monday, kamal nath, a nine-time lok sabha mp from chhindwara, had said, koi mitra layak hotey hai toh koi mitra nalayak hotey hai (some friends are worthy, some are unworthy).
after the congress leaders remarks went viral on social media, chouhan chose to respond with a few lines on twitter late monday by playing on word kamal (lotus, the bjps election symbol): only kamal is worthy.
we respect all and scream that only the lotus flower is worthy.
meanwhile, the war of words between the two parties reached the cyber police, with the congress accusing bjp leaders of hurting religious sentiments by denigrating ramayan.
the opposition party accused the ruling party of circulating a video that shows the cm in the role of angad (a character in ramayan), and congress leaders take turns to move his foot but come a cropper.
bjp president amit shah with madhya pradesh cm shivrajchouhan and his wife sandhya singh offer maha aarti during narmada sewa yatra on the banks of river narmada in gwarighat in jabalpur on monday.
(source: pti) bjp president amit shah with madhya pradesh cm shivrajchouhan and his wife sandhya singh offer maha aarti during narmada sewa yatra on the banks of river narmada in gwarighat in jabalpur on monday.
(source: pti)prime minister narendra modi will be attending the concluding ceremony of narmada river conservation awareness programme next month at amarkantak in madhya pradesh, according to chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
earlier, the state government had announced to conclude the campaign on may 11 after it began on december 11, 2016.
a large number of saplings would be planted alongside banks of narmada on both sides.
an effective system would be evolved to ensure the security of these saplings, he said.
under the ongoing campaign, the government conducted a drive against liquor shops within five kilometres of narmadas banks.
a stretch of 1831-km on southern bank comprising 548 villages/towns and 1513-km on northern bank comprising 556 village/towns were covered under the campaign.
the state government claims that this programme is one of the biggest river conservation campaigns in the world.
the injured have been rushed to a nearby hospital for treatment.
(source: ani) the injured have been rushed to a nearby hospital for treatment.
(source: ani)the ongoing farmers agitation in madhya pradesh took a violent turn on tuesday when five protesters were killed in firing on mandsaur-neemuch highway.
home minister bhupendra singh claimed that neither the local police nor crpf opened fire on protesters.
he said a probe has been initiated.
singh also praised the police for showing remarkable resilience despite the attempts to intensify the stir in the last 5-6 days.
pretending to be farmers, some anti-social elements were engaging in loot and arson, he claimed.
the protesters burned several vehicles last night and were in no mood to relent on tuesday morning.
the agitation disrupted traffic movement on the mandsaur highway.
at least four protesters were injured in the firing.
two of them died during treatment at the hospital.
chief minister shivrajchouhan ordered a judicial probe into the incident.
the chief minister alleged that the congress had a hand in inciting violence.
after the death of protesters, the bjp was forced to cancel a programme organised to felicitate the cm.
the farmers are demanding better remuneration for their produce and also a loan waiver.
on sunday, the farmers belonging to the bharatiya kisan sangh (bks), an organisation affiliated to the rss, called off the protest while another farmers union said the agitation will continue.
president of kisan mazdoor, sangh shivkumar sharma said the government had cheated farmers by holding talks with an organisation that was nowhere in the picture in the first two days of the stir seeking fair price for their produce and loan waiver.
opposition congress in madhya pradesh would hold a rally at nasarullahganj in chief minister shivrajchouhan assembly constitutency to highlight the problems caused by illegal mining in the state.
giving this information,madhya pradesh congress spokesman,mukesh nayak said that a decision on holding this rally on july 16 was taken yesterday at a meeting of the partys coordination committee in new delhi.
the state congress spokesman said that congress general secretary digvijay singh,union ministers kamalnath and jyotiraditya scindia,state congress president kantilal bhuria and leader of opposition,ajay singh and former assembly speaker srinivas tiwari would take part in the rally.
nayak said that the rally should not be seen as launch of congress campaign for the assembly elections.
he said that before the elections,similar rallies to highlight other issues would be held in madhya pradesh.
congress said it would support the agitating farmers by holding a series of farmers `mahapanchayats (mega-gathering) beginning with a 72-hour-long `satyagraha in bhopal from wednesday.
congress said it would support the agitating farmers by holding a series of farmers `mahapanchayats (mega-gathering) beginning with a 72-hour-long `satyagraha in bhopal from wednesday.
madhya pradesh congress on tuesday said it would support the agitating farmers by holding a series of farmers `mahapanchayats (mega-gathering) beginning with a 72-hour-long `satyagraha in bhopal from wednesday.
congress will hold a series of farmers mahapanchayats beginning with 72-hour-long satyagraha from tomorrow at tt nagar dussehra maidan.
subsequently, a mahapanchayat will be held at khategaon on june 17, state congress chief arun yadav said.
then there would be a mahapanchayat at sagar on june 19.
chief minister shivrajchouhan makes empty announcements whenever farmers take to the streets, he said.
chouhan made several announcements in the past whenever farmers protested, but no action was taken on ground.
chouhan is known for empty announcements.
three farmers have committed suicide in the last three days, yadav said.
asked about the allegation that congress mla shakuntala khatik was seen asking her supporters to set a police station on fire, yadav said it was only a half-truth.
police misbehaved with khatik and drenched her with water.
the dignity of a dalit woman was violated.
sundays successful rally in the national capital by bhim army, an organisation of dalits, has attracted the attention of the bjp, which is working out various strategies to secure the support of the community.
stating that the rally could give a boost to other dalit uprisings across the country, some party leaders admitted its threat prospects for the party and said that the bjp will handle the situation ideologically.
bjp leaders see bhim army as an outfit that is trying to take the space vacated by bahujan samaj party, which was found considerably weakened in recentelections.
one cannot see any such development as isolated these days, so the party is observing them closely, a bjp leader said.
public rallies and outbursts against the bjp and its ideology could inspire or influence other groups also.
stating that bhim armys agitation is similar to earlier agitations in gujarat against self-proclaimed cow vigilantes and in maharashtra, where marathas carried out a huge silent protest on the reservation issue, the leader said, we cannot ignore it.
bhim armys rally at delhis jantar mantar on sunday had attracted thousands of people.
they were protesting against the recent caste violence between members of thakur and dalit communities in saharanpur district of uttar pradesh.
bhim army claims the police are picking out dalits and are oblivious to alleged atrocities by people from upper castes.
besides chandrashekhar, the founder of bhim army, among others who addressed the rally was jignesh mevani, who assumed a leadership role in the dalit movement in gujarat following the incident of flogging of dalits in una.
bizay sonkar shastri, bjp leader from uttar pradesh, said, bhim army is a socially regressive organisation  it asks people who failed class x to join them.
besides, their protests are sponsored by outsiders.
shastri, a former mp, claimed that christian missionaries have been eyeing the dalit community for the last 175 years.
several books  including g w briggs the chamars  give evidence that christian missionaries had urged jatavs (a dalit sub-caste) to join them, as they were ignored by the hindus.
claiming that many leaders have used the same tactics to retain support of dalits, shastri said, now bhim army is also sponsored by outsiders.
bjp general secretary p muralidhar rao told the indian express, there are attempts from outside against the bjps successful attempts to consolidate different support base.
other parties and groups are worried (as) bjp has been earning the trust of a new base, and other forces will try to destabilise it.
but bjp has its own way of handling it (bhim armys popularity).
it has to be an ideological solution, otherwise it will not be sustainable  the bjp will do everything to retain its dalit support base.
bjp leaders said support of dalits is crucial for the party.
no party can be a national party without the support of dalits.
bjp has its own way of handling the issue, a party leader added.
with assembly elections coming up in gujarat later this year and in karnataka next year, dalits votes are crucial for the bjp.
party leaders fear that dalit agitation in gujarat, triggered by the incident of flogging of dalit youths in una but which was defused by the bjp leadership within a month, can be rekindled by the bhim armys protests, and has the potential to damage the partys prospects in the state.
more dalit protests on the lines of bhim army agitation could be bad news for the bjps political and electoral ambitions in south india too.
dalit votes are crucial in tamil nadu, telangana and andhra pradesh.
in karnataka, the party is looking at splitting dalit votes that have been going to the congress.
as part of a 36-day campaign launched by the partys karnataka unit, its leaders will visit dalit villages and highlight initiatives taken by the modi government.
karnataka bjp chief b s yeddyurappas gesture of having lunch at a dalit leaders residence, however, turned controversial after it was alleged that his food was brought from a hotel.
with an aim to expand its traditional support base, the bjp had initiated several attempts in the last few years.
in chhattisgarh, where the congress has had a significant hold over the tribal votes, the bjp had deployed buddhist priests to gain dalit votes in 2013 elections and won nine of 10 reserved seats.
before this years up polls, the party had organised dhamma chetna yatra from april to october 2016, in which buddhist monks travelled across the state praising prime minister narendra modis leadership and visited dalit localities across the state.
besides, the government has launched several programs to appropriate b r ambedkar.
the prime minister held a rally at ambedkars birthplace in mhow, madhya pradesh, and (mp) chief minister shivrajchouhan adopted a village there, the bjp leader pointed out.
the party has (also) announced special reach-out programmes during the birth and death anniversaries of ambedkar.
stating that the bjp will continue such measures, the leader said, our ways will not be like that of the congress.
our leaders will dine at dalit bastis and the organisation will follow up the developments.
we will not leave the scenes after photo-shoots.
our main focus will be on building a sustainable support base.
mandsaur farmers protest: union minister venkaiah naidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
(source: ani) mandsaur farmers protest: union minister venkaiah naidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
(source: ani)union minister venkaiah naidu chided the congress party on wednesday for politicising the farmers protest in madhya pradeshs mandsaur after at least six farmers were killed and eight others injured in two separate incidents of firing in the area on tuesday.
in a statement to news agency ani, naidu said: madhya pradesh is an island of peace.
i tell congress dont politicise, dont fuel violence in the name of farmers.
read: after maharashtra, farmer unrest rocks mp: 6 killed in firing, govt ready for talksafter maharashtra, where the government moved to contain a spiralling situation arising out of farmers protest through loan waivers, a similar situation quickly turned violent in mandsaur when at least six farmers were killed and nearly eight others injured in alleged police firing.
after protesters alleged that police fired at them, madhya pradesh home minister bhupendra singh, who had earlier denied the charge, later conceded that police may have fired in self-defence at one place.
a judicial probe has been ordered and curfew imposed in mandsaur.
a police officer said that out of six deaths, five were killed when farmers tried to storm the pipalia mandi police station and resorted to arson.
the sixth death took place in bahi village, which is not too far from pipalia mandi.
meanwhile, madhya pradesh patidar samaj chief mahendra patidar said bodies of farmers killed at pipalia mandi will not be cremated till the chief minister comes to the spot.
protesters blocked traffic and torched vehicles in mandsaur and the adjoining district of neemuch even as sporadic incidents have occurred elsewhere in the state ever since june 1 when the bharatiya kisan union (bku) announced the agitation.
b'chief minister shivrajchouhan has appealed to prime minister manmohan singh to discontinue the practice followed by the upsc,wherein marks scored by civil services aspirants in english are taken into consideration before arriving at the final tally.
in a letter to singh,the chief minister termed as anti- people and unnecessary the practice of adding marks scored by upsc aspirants in english language paper to their grand total in the prelims and main examination results,and demanded that the same be done away with.
the practice of adding marks obtained in english to grand total of upsc exam results is not only an attack on the morale of students but also affects future prospects of aspirants from rural and tribal areas and that of aspirants living in urban slums and the urban poor and middle class youths, the chief minister said.
a copy of the letter was made available to media by the chief ministers office today.
he said these youths could not compete with other aspirants whose english language skills are at par with international standards.
but innocent youths are being punished for this even when they are not responsible for this,rather they have become victims, the chief minister said.
mandsaur: a scene after violent clashes between farmers and the police at pipliya in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh on tuesday.
at least five farmers were killed and four others injured in firing by police on farmers, who have been protesting for a week demanding loan waiver and fair price for their produce.
pti photo mandsaur: a scene after violent clashes between farmers and the police at pipliya in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh on tuesday.
at least five farmers were killed and four others injured in firing by police on farmers, who have been protesting for a week demanding loan waiver and fair price for their produce.
pti photoas maharashtra moved to contain an ongoing protest by farmers with a loan waiver, a similar protest in neighbouring madhya pradesh took a violent turn tuesday when at least six farmers were killed and eight others injured in two separate incidents of firing in mandsaur.
farmers have been seeking better prices for their produce and waiver of loans.
after protesters alleged that police fired at them, madhya pradesh home minister bhupendra singh, who had earlier denied the charge, later conceded that police may have fired in self-defence at one place.
a judicial probe has been ordered and curfew imposed in mandsaur.
read: maharashtra farmers strike: supplies from other states keep markets going, prices begin to normalise againchief minister shivrajchouhan announced a compensation of rs 1 crore and a job to the next of kin of each dead and rs five lakh and free treatment to the injured.
an officer said that of the six dead, five were killed when farmers tried to storm the pipalia mandi police station and resorted to arson.
this attack followed the death of a farmer in bahi village, not far from pipalia mandi.
madhya pradesh patidar samaj chief mahendra patidar said bodies of five killed at pipalia mandi will not be cremated till the chief minister comes to the spot.
he identified the dead as kanhaiyalal patidar, babloo patidar, chainram patidar, abhishek patidar and nathulal patidar.
in mandsaur and the adjoining district of neemuch, protesters have torched vehicles, blocked traffic and manhandled police officers while sporadic incidents have taken place elsewhere in the state ever since june 1 when the bharatiya kisan union (bku) announced the agitation.
over the last three days, protests were stepped up in mandsaur, neemuch, ratlam and indore districts.
protesters set ablaze nearly a dozen vehicles and targeted the railway tracks near mandsaur late monday.
on tuesday, a group of farmers blocked traffic near pipalia mandi and pelted stones at police and crpf personnel.
security agencies lobbed tear-gas shells to disperse the mob.
it was not clear who ordered the firing.
calling it a conspiracy, chief minister chouhan accused the opposition congress of instigating farmers.
i am sad.
the administration had been told not to order firing, but to talk to farmers.
but some criminal elements entered the protest, he said.
chouhan appealed to farmers to remain calm.
he said his government was ready for talks.
madhya pradesh has been an island of peace, he said.
the rashtriya kisan mazdoor sangh (rkms), a group formed by a former rss worker, and congress have called for a bandh wednesday.
the rkms was formed by shivkumar sharma who used to be an office-bearer of the rss-affiliated bharatiya kisan sangh (bks) till he led a violent agitation in 2012 in which a farmer died in firing in raisen district.
thrown out of the rss and bks, sharma floated the rkms.
the bks and rkms entered the ongoing protest only after it spread.
on sunday, the chief minister called the bks for talks at ujjain.
bks office-bearers announced that since chouhan had assured them of purchasing onions at rs 8 per kg and making half the payment in cash at mandis, they were taking back the agitation.
the farmer agitations being witnessed now are basically along two belts: nashik-ahmadnagar-pune extending to satara-sangli-kolhapur in maharashtra, and ratlam-mandsaur-neemuch in madhya pradesh.
whats common to both belts  apart from their being in the western part of the two states  is that they are home to relatively prosperous farmers, unlike their counterparts in the predominantly rainfed vidarbha/marathwada or bundelkhand regions.
farmers in ratlam-mandsaur-neemuch grow not just the usual soyabean, wheat and chana (chickpea) grown in rest of madhya pradesh, but also a range of seed spices and medicinal plants from methi (fenugreek), dhaniya (coriander), jeera (cumin) and ajwain (caraway) to garlic, isabgol (psyllium), white musli and ashwagandha.
the same goes for western maharashtra farmers who have taken to cultivation of grapes, onions and pomegranates, besides commercial dairying through investing in high milk-yielding holstein-friesian crossbred cows.
the current crisis appeared to have been triggered by a price crash in most crops, partly on account of bumper production and more so due to demonetisation-induced liquidity crunch in produce markets.
methi seed prices in mandsaur, for instance, ruled at rs 2,500-3,000 per quintal during the recent marketing season in march-april, compared to rs 4,000-4,500 last year.
the same goes for onions, which have traded at an average of rs 450 per quintal in nashiks lasalgaon market this rabi season, as against around rs 800 last year.
grapes too fetched about rs 15 per kg compared to rs 50 plus last year, while soyabean has crashed from rs 3,500-3,600 to rs 2,700-2,800 per quintal.
a similar price collapse story was also reported for red chilli in andhra pradesh.
farmers in guntur and kurnool  and khammam in telangana  went on the rampage, burnt their crops and blocked highways when prices fell to almost a quarter of last years rs 12,000 per quintal levels.
condemning the mandsaur firing, jd(u) leader sharad yadav slammed the state government: at this moment of tragedy, i can only advise the government to change its style of functioning and be careful for the welfare and interest of farmers as three years of its rule have been very depressing for them.
he said farmers in maharashtra and madhya pradesh have been demanding a fair price and loan waiver for thelast few days but state governments have remained unmoved.
instead of giving them solace, the government has attacked farmers agitating for genuine demands.
situation is that the madhya pradesh government has disconnected cell phone and internet connections.
it shows that the ruling party is treating farmers as enemy and terrorists which is regrettable, he said.
rahul gandhi blamed modi government for the ongoing farmers protests and firing in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh.
(file photo) rahul gandhi blamed modi government for the ongoing farmers protests and firing in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh.
(file photo)congress vice-president rahul gandhi on tuesday blamed the modi government for the ongoing farmers protests and firing in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh.
he said, government is at war with the farmers of our country.
the farmers protests turned violent when two farmers were killed in firing on mandsaur-neemuch highway, on tuesday.
after the killing, curfew was imposed in pipalya mandi area and prohibitory orders were imposed in other parts of the district.
state home minister bhupendra singh claimed that neither the local police nor crpf opened fire at protesters.
he said a probe has been initiated.
chief minister shivrajchouhan has ordered a judicial enquiry into the matter.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) was forced to cancel a programme organized to felicitate the cm after the death of protesters.
in western madhya pradesh, farmers are protesting since june 1.
they are demanding minimum support price for their farm produce, besides other things.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (file photo) madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (file photo)another son risethere are signs that another son could be rising in the bjp.
kartikey, whose father shivrajchouhan is the madhya pradesh chief minister, is slowly but surely making his presence felt in the state.
while the father continues to assert that kartikey is busy with his law education, tongues started wagging after he addressed a gathering at the recent narmada sewa yatra.
kartikey, incidentally, has also been busy in chouhans constituency.
observers feel it just a matter of time before he formally enters politics.
staying powerso crucial was the dholpur assembly byelection for her that rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje did not leave the city even after the campaign deadline.
when the congress cried foul, saying it was violation of the model code of conduct, the prompt explanation was that she had sprained a foot and, therefore, the doctors had advised her bedrest.
the unusual effort was worth it, considering the bjps big victory in the bypoll.
cutout cluewith the bjp flooding bhubaneswar with party flags and banners for its national executive meeting, the bjd seems to have become nervous.
at least that is what bjp leaders claim.
as proof, they point to a defaced cutout of party chief amit shah in the high-security area near the police commissioners office.
interestingly, a bigger cutout of prime minister narendra modi nearby is untouched.
biopic buzzthe sangh parivar is eagerly awaiting a movie, ek thi rani aisi bhi, based on the life of late jan sangh-bjp leader vijayaraje scindia.
mathura mp hema malini is in the lead role while vinod khanna plays the king, her husband.
based on scindias biography by goa governor mridula sinha, this will be the first biopic of a parivar icon to be commercially released.
it might even ignite controversies, given scindias tumultuous relationship with her late son, congress leader madhavrao scindia.
the premier at siri fort auditorium this week is expected to be attended by bjp brass.
fizzling outa committee set up by the hrd ministry to look into the ugcs decision to discontinue non-net fellowships seems to have had a quiet burial.
ugcs move to scrap the fellowship in 2015 had evoked strong reactions from the student community, forcing the government to set up the committee.
the panel, headed by former iit guwahati director gautam barua, was supposed to look into ways of not only continuing the fellowship but also expanding its coverage from just central universities to state universities.
but ever since smriti iranis transfer to the textile ministry, the panel has been rudderless.
queries sent by the panel members about the committees continuance to the joint secretary in the ministry has not elicited a response.
amid the ministrys silence, the committee has not submitted its report.
b'with assembly elections due in madhya pradesh in november,senior congress leader ajay singh wants the party to distribute tickets to the candidates well in advance.
yes,party candidates in madhya pradesh should be declared in advance much before the polls,as elections are due in november 2013, ajay said,when asked whether party candidates should be declared much earlier to avoid last minute confusion that leads to infighting among aspirants.
it will be in the interest of the party to declare the candidates well in advance as this will also give them sufficient time for campaigning, said ajay,the leader of opposition in state assembly.
the congress leader also said that the selection of candidates should be made by taking into account the winnability factor.
corruption,problems of power,roads and law and order will be the major issues during the assembly polls as the bjp government,specially its home minister uma shankar gupta,has failed in controlling the rising crime graph in the state,he said.
crime against women,specially rapes have reached an alarming level in the state as 7,306 cases of rape of minor girls alone have been reported since january 2008 till date,ajay charged,adding that on an average four girls are raped daily in madhya pradesh and these are the figures provided by the government in the assembly.
he said crime had gone up to such an extent that a minor girl was allegedly raped and killed a stones throw away from the home ministers official residence in bhopal last month.
the government is totally insensitive on the issue of deteriorating law and order situation and also crime against women and the recent cases of a large number of minor girls being missing and abduction and killing of a school boy in shivpuri are its glaring examples, ajay said.
referring to reports of lokayuktas raids on junior officials and unearthing of assets disproportionate to their known sources of income,ajay said,they all are minor fish.
the government lacks the courage to catch the big fish in the net.
if the government was serious on the issue,then it would have not been sitting quietly since 2008 on lokayuktas recommendations for getting sanction to prosecute ministers and other officials,he said.
chief minister shivrajchouhan talks big about curbing corruption,but is lagging behind in taking firm action and is not serious on the issue, he alleged.
the bjp government had made tall promises to improve the power and road conditions in the state but the actual situation was much worse than what they claimed,he said.
the people of the state will give a befitting reply to the bjp government during the state elections,ajay said.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (file photo) madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan (file photo)the investment promotion sub-committee in madhya pradesh has approved six projects which are expected to bring in investments worth rs 3,285 crore in the state.
the committee approved the six projects which would bring capital investment worth rs 3,285 crore in the state, a public relations department officer said on tuesday.
the meeting of sub-committee under the chairmanship of chief minister shivrajchouhan was held yesterday, he said.
the committee approved the projects of setting up an integrated steel plant by pacific iron manufacturing limited costing around rs 335 crore in sihora of jabalpur district, and a special it processing centre worth rs 57 crore at mandideep in raisen district by fujitsu optel private limited, he said.
watch what else is making news:the other projects include the rs 109 crore coated fabric project to be set up by mayur uniquoters limited at seetapur in morena district and a rs 398 crore project for setting up a furniture fittings and manufacturing unit in pithampur by hettich india private limited, he further said.
besides, a project worth rs 1,450 crore for modernisation and expansion by vardhman textile limited at its units in mandideep, satlapur and budhni and the expansion project of sagar manufacturing private limited costing around rs 936.
64 crore at tamot in raisen district were also approved, the officer informed.
union minister nitin gadkari said that he has warned contractors that they will find themselves under a bulldozer if work entrusted to them was not done properly.
union minister nitin gadkari said that he has warned contractors that they will find themselves under a bulldozer if work entrusted to them was not done properly.
union minister for road transport and highways nitin gadkari on friday said that he has warned contractors that they will find themselves under a bulldozer if work entrusted to them was not done properly.
addressing a gathering of tendu leaves collectors and unorganised labourers at betul, gadkari said, yahan jitne bhi thekedar kaam kar rahein hai, ek delhi se nahi aata.
ek rupaye ka brashtachar nahi.
in rastonke malik aap hai.
kaam theek hua hai ya nahi ye dekhna aapka kaam hai.
agar gadbad karenge to maine thekedaron ko bolke rakha hai bulldozer ke neeche gitti ki jagah aapko dal dunga (none of the contractors working here comes to delhi.
you are the owner of these roads.
its your job to see if constructions work is good or bad.
if there is any shortcoming, i have told contractors that i will put them under a bulldozer in place of crushed stones).
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan was also present at the event.
the union minister said there was no shortage of funds in the country, and added that he will not tolerate corruption.
he said the money does not belong to contractors but the poor of this country.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury.
with the aam aadmi party (aap) so far not part of the united opposition taking shape over the forthcoming presidential elections, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury on friday met delhi chief minister and aap chief arvind kejriwal to discuss the issue, as also draw the party into participating in a joint protest on the agrarian crisis.
kejriwal is learnt to have agreed to join hands with the opposition on both presidential polls and a possible joint protest on the farmers issue in the coming days.
the police firing in mandsaur, madhya pradesh that led to the death of several farmers has brought the issue of farmer unrest into national focus, and opposition parties are planning a joint campaign to highlight the agrarian distress.
while one-on-one discussions are on between various leaders, a structured meeting of the opposition parties could happen soon to arrive at a consensus on an opposition candidate for president and vice-president, sources said.
there are several parties involvedso a consensus will take time, a senior opposition leader said.
opposition leaders are also planning a joint public action to highlight agrarian distress.
top leaders of various parties could visit places where farmers are holding agitations to show solidarity with them.
sources said that opposition leaders could visit, among other places, mandola village in ghaziabad, where farmers are demanding compensation for their land acquired for a housing scheme.
according to sources, the all india kisan sabha, the cpi(m) farmers wing, has also reached out to various peasant outfits, irrespective of ideological affiliations, for a meeting on june 16 to draw a common action programme to press their demands.
the two items on the agenda are learnt to be remission of farm loans and the fixing of minimum support price (msp) by ensuring 50 per cent profit to farmers.
rashtriya kisan mazdoor sangh chief shivkumar sharma kakkaji is also in delhi to involve over 60 farmers organisations in the current agitation.
sharma is a former office-bearer of the rss-affiliated bharatiya kisan sangh (bks) and was expelled for leading a violent agitation in raisen district, madhya pradesh, in 2012.
the congress friday stepped up its attack on the bjp government in mp over police firing in mandsaur.
at a party briefing, spokesperson priyanka chaturvedi and aicc secretary jeetu patwari demanded chief minister shivrajchouhan resignation.
rahul gandhi had ridden pillion on a motorcycle with patwari to enter madhya pradesh from rajasthan on thursday.
mandsaur: a scene after violent clashes between farmers and the police at pipliya in mandsaur district on tuesday.
the farmers have been protesting for a week demanding loan waiver and fair price for their produce.
pti photo (pti6_6_2017_000193b) mandsaur: a scene after violent clashes between farmers and the police at pipliya in mandsaur district on tuesday.
the farmers have been protesting for a week demanding loan waiver and fair price for their produce.
pti photo (pti6_6_2017_000193b)amid violent protests by farmers demanding loan waivers and fair price for their produce, the madhya pradesh government on wednesday launched a new debt relief scheme  krishi rin samadhan yojana  for farmers.
the cabinet also allocated rs 1,000 crore for the scheme, minister archana chitnis was quoted as saying by ani.
she also added that under the scheme, the interest rate on loans would be less, which would in turn also help defaulting farmers get loans.
farmers in madhya pradesh have been protesting since a week.
things turned ugly after six farmers were killed and eight were injured in two separate incidents of firing.
while the police have denied any wrongdoing, a judicial probe has been ordered to look into the matter.
curfew has been imposed in mandasur, ratlam and ujjain.
internet services have also been suspended in these places.
he has also appealed the farmers to maintain peace and harmony in the state.
he has also apprised bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah of the situation in mandsaur over the phone.
beside loan waivers, farmers are also demanding rs 50 per litre of milk as they claim that rs 37 is spent by them for every litre.
the bharatiya kisan sangh has already called off its strike, but the other farmer associations are yet to relent.
prices of vegetables and milk have seen a hike due to the protests.
b'the state government has also banned the use of machines for mining in all rivers across madhya pradesh.
(files) the state government has also banned the use of machines for mining in all rivers across madhya pradesh.
(files)the madhya pradesh government on monday imposed a ban on mining on the narmada riverbed and formed a committee of experts to suggest measures to prevent ecological damage to the river, considered as the lifeline of the state.
the move comes after prime minister narendra modi expressed concern over the condition of rivers in the country.
he was speaking at a programme last week on the conclusion of a campaign to conserve the narmada river in mp.
the state government has also banned the use of machines for mining in all rivers across madhya pradesh.
we have decided to completely ban mining in the narmada river till this committee gives its report, he said.
the chief minister also said that vehicles found involved in illegal mining would be confiscated henceforth, instead of a fine being imposed on them.
the bjp-led state government has been under attack over illegal sand mining on the banks of the narmada river.
the congress alleged that illegal mining had been going on under political patronage.
state congress chief spokesperson k k mishra alleges that the decision to ban mining has been taken just before the rains to benefit those who have stored the sand illegally.
mishra also alleged that a large quantity of sand wasbeing illegally excavated from the banks of the narmada in the chief ministers home district of sehore.
the state government had earlier held the namami devi narmade sewa yatra, a river conservation campaign, which started on december 11 last year and concluded last week on may 15.
during the yatra, the chief minister announced a complete ban on mining activities around amarkantak, the origin of the river narmada.
the yatra covered 1,831 km on the rivers southern bank comprising 548 villages/towns and 1,513 km on the northern bank comprising 556 village/towns in 148 days.
chief minister shivrajchouhan monday hit back at the congress for alleging illegal recruitment of 19 constables from gondia in maharashtra, the native place of the cms wife.
the cm accused the opposition party of stooping low in the face of electoral defeats and said, i am not going to take it kindly.
he said he will soon send a defamation notice to the congress, which had not bothered to check facts before carrying out such ill-motivated baseless canards in media.
at a press conference in bhopal two days ago, the congresss main spokesperson k k mishra had accused chouhans kin of being involved in the examination and recruitment scam.
he had claimed that as many as 139 phone calls were made from the cms house.
while the chouhan made his case in a series of tweets, the state transport minister bhupendra singh released the list of 316 constables at a press conference.
he said he had checked each certificate and marksheets provided by the candidates and all of them were residents of madhya pradesh.
responding to the developments, the congress spokesperson said he was ready to face the defamation suit.
he said the truth about the 19 candidates will emerge if a narco test was conducted on former technical education minister laxmikant sharma, who has been remanded in stf custody till june 24.
digvijaya defends uma in peb scambhopal: aicc general secretary digvijaya singh defended union minster uma bharti, claiming that her name was being dragged in the examination and recruitment scam to save cm shivraj singh chouhan.
she had compared the scam with the fodder scam in bihar and had demanded a cbi probe.
chou-han is advancing her name to protect himself,he said monday, two days after the mp unit of his party alleged more than a dozen candidates recommended by bharti had been illegally recruited.
a scene from farmers protest in madhya pradesh a scene from farmers protest in madhya pradeshone gloomy afternoon this march, a disillusioned dhanu dhorde patil, 43, sat watching his television in dongaon village, about 2 km from puntamba in ahmednagar district, the heart of the recent farmers agitation in maharashtra.
on screen were reports of doctors striking work across the state in protest against the growing violence against them.
patil, upset by the dip in onion prices, threw an idea at his friends that evening, one that would take maharashtra by storm.
why cant we strike work like the doctors have?
by then, dr sanjay dhanvate, managing director of puntambas asha kiran paraplegic center, was already thinking along the same lines.
the states farmers had tried everything from fasts to railway blockades  with little success.
a strike would be the ultimate weapon  farmers would not grow or trade in agri commodities, he says.
on april 3, the puntamba gram sabha unanimously passed an eight-point charter of demands threatening a strike from june 1 if they were not met.
a single village on strike would hardly be news, so over the next few days we asked almost 200 villages to pass similar resolutions, says dhorde patil, who was once associated with anna hazares india against corruption movement.
with nashik and ahmednagar villages leading the way, over 2,000 gram panchayats passed resolutions of a shetkari sampa or farmers strike on may 1, maharashtra day.
incidentally, it was local bjp leader dhananjay jadhav who took the lead in puntamba.
a meeting was held in pune on may 11 to form a core committee to spearhead the movement.
some villagers had reservations about the speed at which things were moving, but we followed jadhavs lead anyway, says suhas wadane, a villager.
at the pune meeting, additional power centres emerged.
there was the karad-based event manager sandeep gidde, kamal sawant of the bhumata sanghatana and shantaram kunjir of the maratha seva sangh.
this core committee then began to travel across the state to spread the word of the plans for june 1, dhanvate says.
simultaneously, raju shetti of the swabhimani shetkari sanghatana party, an ally of the ruling bjp, had begun to openly express his unhappiness with the maharashtra governments intransigence on a farm loan waiver.
by mid-may, even as dhanvate and 20 villagers prepared to meet fadnavis, shetti was planning a padyatra from pune to mumbai.
at their meeting with the cm, dhanvate and team were willing to reverse the strike call.
but new leaders had emerged and several organisations decided to continue, admits dhanvate.
days later, shettis padyatra began, more or less independent of the other organisations.
but the thousands of farmers who attended shettis rallies along his route didnt really see the two struggles as separate.
the demands were the same.
shettis yatra, which he labelled as his atmaklesh yatra  a self-professed repentance for supporting the bjp  should have set off alarm bells, but senior government sources say the administration failed to recognise its seriousness as for one, shettis own party colleague, maharashtra minister of state for agriculture sadashiv khot, had conspicuously stayed away.
once the strike kicked in and the urban centres began to feel the pinch, with supplies squeezed, the core committee was called for a marathon discussion with fadnavis in mumbai on june 2.
the committee and the cm announced the withdrawal of the strike before dawn on june 3, with the government agreeing to the rs 30,000 crore loan waiver.
but by then the movement had acquired a life of its own.
those in nashik and elsewhere too refused to call off the strike  the assurances were not in line with their demands.
the core committee became the target of farmers ire.
giddes proximity to khot, and the fact that top negotiator jayajirao suryavanshi had stayed back at khots bungalow, incensed farmers who saw it as a betrayal.
in puntamba, where it all began, jadhavs ties with the bjp led villagers to declare that the government was trying to sabotage the movement.
while suryavanshi eventually had to apologise, jadhav is still to return to puntamba even though the strike was called off on june 8.
there was also a new core committee, with major political players in lead roles.
apart from shetti, independent mla bacchu kadu, president of the kisan sabha, ajit newale, veteran shetkari sanghatana leader ragunath patil and others were now picked to head the movement.
it was this committees first meeting on thursday that ended the strike, but with the new ultimatum that the state should hold talks by monday, june 12.
a strikingly similar chain of events unfolded in madhya pradesh.
when chief minister shivrajchouhan called the bharatiya kisan sangh (bks) for talks four days after the farmers stir began on june 1, he was confident.
the bks, the largest farmers organisation in the state, is allied to the rss and has in the past helped the shivraj regime.
in 2012, when angry farmers engaged in arson and beat up government and police officials in bareli in raisen district, the rss simply sacked then bks chief shivkumar sharma.
the government slapped a slew of cases against sharma while the rss installed new leaders.
this time, seated next to the cm at the ujjain circuit house on june 5, bks general secretary shivkant dixit announced that the strike had been called off, and that the state government had agreed to buy onions at rs 8 a kg.
but the gamble backfired.
farmers felt betrayed  the bks wasnt originally in the picture and appeared to have jumped on to the bandwagon only to derail the strike.
as farmers bodies continued their protests, the government detained two office-bearers of the bharatiya kisan union, a little-known organisation that claimed to have started the protests.
officials believed the situation had been tackled effectively.
but here too, the agitation had acquired a life of its own.
when the five farmers were killed in mandsaur on tuesday, june 6, chouhan, despite his pro-farmer image, studiously avoided the historical town in the malwa region even three days after the incident.
the situation was bad due to low prices, and got worse after demonetisation, concedes bjp mla from mandsaur yashpal singh sisodiya.
he says the violence was a fallout of a combination of factors  falling prices, demonetisation, difficulty in getting loans form cooperatives, anger against local policemen, involvement of anti-social elements and even liquor mafia and infiltration of the movement by criminals.
according to sisodiya, the police took on the liquor mafia after a local journalist was shot dead near pipliya mandi last month.
police had rounded up nearly 50 people, angering them, the mla says.
mandsaurs lok sabha mp, sudhir gupta of the bjp, terms the violence as a conspiracy hatched by the congress.
while admitting there are issues with bank transactions and poor prices for produce, the escalation of violence, he says, was politically motivated.
some bjp leaders say the government failed to anticipate the scale of the protest, as was the case, they say, when hardik patels patidar movement hit gujarat.
hardik, however, has limited support in mp, where his community already enjoys obc status.
he is desperate to come to mandsaur but i have persuaded him against doing so.
im not sure if his presence will help or aggravate the situation, claims the state chief of the patidar samaj, mahendra patidar, who was among the very few people allowed access to one or two families of the victims of tuesdays firing.
meanwhile, in both states, the farmers demands include a total farm loan waiver and adherence to the msp regime.
neither government has so far come out with final announcements.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan will visit surat in june second week to get an idea about diamond cutting and polishing industries as he is planning to house some firms in his state.
we had earlier got an intimation from our head office in mumbai that shivrajchouhan will be visiting surat in the last week of may.
due to some reasons,the visit was cancelled and now we get to know that he is planning to visit surat in the second week of june, said chandrakant sanghavi,the gems and jewellery export promotion council (gjepc),gujarat region.
chauhan had met gjepc representatives in an gems and jewellery exhibition organised in mumbai few months ago and had proposed to set up diamond processing units and jewellery manufacturing units in indore.
some of the diamond manufactures in surat have shown their eagerness to set up diamond polishing units in indore after an international firm,rio tinto,started production from bunder mines in madhya pradesh.
surat diamond association president dinesh navadia said,it is a good news for the diamond industry.
two labourers killed in mudslidetwo labourers died after they received severe injuries in a mudslide that occurred at an under-construction site in vesu area in surat on wednesday afternoon.
the incident occurred when the labourers were digging at the site where a commercial multi-storey structure was being constructed.
after an hour-long rescue operation,the labourers paresh suthar (21) and avdhesh maurya (23)  both residents of karmayogi society in pandesara  were rushed to a private hospital.
the duo,however,succumbed to injuries.
umra police inspector a b vataliya said,we will investigate the incident.
retired high court judge s k pandey, appointed by the madhya pradesh government to conduct an inquiry into the october 30 jail-break by eight simi members and the subsequent police encounter, on monday said he had not resigned, contrary to reports.
i was in the office today.
i hadnt resigned from the one-man panel as it was made out to be, he told pti.
when told that a government official close to chief minister shivrajchouhan had on sunday said that he had quit because of the governments delay in providing him with official car, justice pandey said, please, then, seek other detils from him only.
watch what else is making news:the official had said the government didnt accept justice pandeys resignation; apologised to him and persuaded him to continue.
according to sources, justice pandey tendered resignation on saturday as the government didnt respond to his demand of a car for the official duty.
the former hc judge is also tasked with judicial probe into the murder of bhopal central jails warden ramashanker yadav, allegedly by the simi activists before their escape.
parvez alam, the lawyer of the slain simi men, had said the pandey commission had held two hearings so far and the next hearing was scheduled for march 1.
eight simi activists, facing trial, escaped from the central jail in bhopal on the intervening night of october 30-31, 2016.
they were gunned down in an alleged encounter by the police on the outskirts of city on october 31 morning.
opposition congress and other parties questioned genuineness of the encounter after a video clip and a few audio tapes contradicted polices version.
in november the bjp government in the state appointed the pandey commission to probe the jail-break as well as the encounter at manikheda village.
b'a dalit ias officer, who had alleged discrimination on caste grounds, was friday called for a meeting with the lokayukta and finance minister jayant malaiya.
ramesh thete, a 1993-batch officer who had threatened to commit suicide in 2011 and continues to take on the government, told the indian express that the meeting had given him a ray of hope.
the meeting was called reportedly on the advice of chief minister shivrajchouhan , amid the uproar over a dalit students suicide in hyderabad.
thete also drafted a letter for another dalit bureaucrat, shashi karnawat, who forwarded it to the cm on friday.
in the letter, karnawat requested the government to increase her subsistence allowance to 75 per cent of her salary, and not oppose her application in court seeking a stay on her conviction.
karnawat was suspended in 2013 after an anti-corruption court sentenced her to five years in jail.
her appeal against the conviction is pending.
the officer alleged she was framed in the case, while upper-caste bureaucrats were spared for similar offences.
over 100 liquor bars and outlets have been told not to serve liquor in the capital, most of them located on the national highway 8 stretch between airport and mahipalpur in delhi.
(representational image) over 100 liquor bars and outlets have been told not to serve liquor in the capital, most of them located on the national highway 8 stretch between airport and mahipalpur in delhi.
(representational image)the drive to close down liquor outlets along highways continued today across the country evoking divergent views, even as restaurant and hotel owners who are staring at losses looked towards state governments for support.
the clampdown continued across major cities while long queues of tipplers were visible outside vends still selling liquor.
bihar chief minister nitish kumar supported the supreme court order barring the sale of liquor within 500 metres of national and state highways, found appreciation but added that such piecemeal attempts would,not serve much purpose and sought a total ban on alcohol in the country.
speaking to reporters, nitish, who has banned alcohol in bihar said that prime minister narendra modi should implement it as a tribute to mahatama gandhi.
bjp mp kirron kher differed as she questioned the logic of not allowing liquor sale in five star hotels.
it is a question of more than a million jobs, she said pointing out that the hotel industry is a major job generator.
khers party colleague and mla from indore sudarshan gupta however demanded the chief minister shivrajchouhan a complete ban on liquor in madhya pradesh.
in delhi, several bar and restaurant owners contested the the 500 metres distance as measured by the excise department and made representations.
their claims are being verified.
over 100 liquor bars and outlets have been told not to serve liquor in the capital, most of them located on the national highway 8 stretch between airport and mahipalpur.
in mumbai, the hotel and restaurant association of western india (hrawi) has decided to take up the issue with maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
we will be meeting the chief minister tomorrow to discuss the impact of liquor ban on employment and other issues related to the industry, hrawi president dilip datwani said.
around 9,925 restaurants and bars in maharashtra have been impacted after the supreme court order, including nearly 50 star rated hotels, according to industry estimates.
in punjab, the wedding season is in full swing and marriage palaces owners claim that the excise departments action asking them not to provide liquor is not in the right spirit.
in the sc order, there is no mention of marriage palaces which have been barred from serving liquor.
moreover, there is a ban on sale of liquor in the order while marriage palaces do not sell or purchase liquor.
customers who organise functions in palaces serve liquor to their guests.
therefore, marriage palaces should not be barred from serving liquor, said sukhdev singh sidhu, president, punjab marriage palace and resort association.
the excise department in the state has now sought the opinion of the state advocate general on the matter, officials said.
the odisha government has estimated that it is likely to incur a loss of revenue to the tune of rs 1200 crore per annum as 1167 liquor shops in the state were barred from serving liquor.
the state is likely to lose rs 1200 crore per annum plus vat if these 1167 liquor shops remain closed for the year, a senior official in the odisha excise department said adding that the state had set a target of earning above rs 3300 crore as excise revenue in 2017-18 fiscal.
apart from revenue loss due to closure of liquor shops located within 500 meters from the national and state highways, a large number of people also apprehend loss of jobs.
left high and dry following the liquor ban on highways, owners of affected hotels, bars and restaurants owners in punjab, haryana and chandigarh are now pinning hopes on their respective governments to save their trade.
they have also decided to meet union culture and tourism minister mahesh sharma and haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar to discuss about the impact of supreme court order banning sale of liquor within 500 meters of state and national highways.
alone 25,000 people will be jobless in haryana alone because of the ban on serving liquor (within 500 metres of highways), hotel and restaurant association of haryana (hrah), president, manbeer chaudhary said today.
long queues of tipplers were seen infront of liquor shops at various places across kerala for the second day today following closure of nearly 2000 outlets abutting the national and state highways.
the first day of each month is a dry day in the statekerala is staring at a revenue loss of about rs 5000 crore due to the closure of 1956 outlets following the apex court order.
the states finance minister thomas isaac said the revenue loss would adversely impact the funding of the government.
to overcome the crisis, government was mulling various options, he said.
according to sources government plans to relocate the outlets as per the apex court directive.
there were also proposal to open more counters in the outlets to meet the demand of tipplers.
in many places, police had to intervene to control the people standing in queues for hours in front of outlets which were open.
the supreme court had in a recent order held that liquor vends within 500 metres of national and state highways will have to shut down from april 1.
for areas having population up to 20,000, it has allowed liquor vends at a distance of 220 metres from the highways.
durgalal, father of ghanashyam dhakad durgalal, father of ghanashyam dhakadunder fire over the farmers protests, the madhya pradesh government on saturday agreed to extend the rs 1 crore compensation it had announced for the five men who died in police firing on tuesday to the sixth victim too  ghanashyam dhakad, 30, a congress worker who died on friday after he was allegedly beaten up by the police.
but inspector sanjay singh, of bhavgarh police station, said dhakad was named as an accused, along with others, for vandalising public property on june 7.
he was reportedly among the protesters who broke railings along the four-lane jaora-neemuch road.
read | farmers protest: in mobilisation, farmer allies turned on govtsdhakads father, durgalal, said he got a call from the police on thursday night, informing him that his son was injured and had been referred to m y hospital in indore.
he alleged that his son was probably dead when he was taken to indore, where the doctors declared him dead on arrival.
read | farmers protest: at heart of stir, crop glut, cash crunchon friday, the police escorted dhakads body from indore to his village, badwan, for the last rites.
but his family refused to take the body home until the government agreed to grant them the compensation too  rs 1 crore, a job to a family member, and free education to his two children, a six-year-old boy and a 45-day-old daughter.
the district collector and superintendent of police tried to reason that dhakads case was different from that of the other five protesters, who were killed in two different incidents of firing in pipliya mandi on june 6.
surrounded by his angry and grieving relatives, the collector finally sought the sanction of chief minister shivrajchouhan , who began his fast in bhopal on saturday.
shivraj singh chouhan began his fast in bhopal on saturday.
shivraj singh chouhan began his fast in bhopal on saturday.
after the family was assured that they would receive the compensation, the cremation was finally held at around 11 am on saturday, with several congress leaders, including former mp meenakshi natarajan, in attendance.
durgalal, who owns six bighas of land, said villagers were giving different accounts of his sons death.
but, he said, dhakad took part in the protests and so they were entitled to the compensation.
vishwajeet soni, a villager, said the police were angry with dhakad because he was leading the protesters who vandalised public property and had managed to escape when they tried to catch him earlier.
they could have detained him or put him in jail, said a relative, alleging that dhakad was killed in custody.
according to his brother-in-law, laxminarayan, dhakad was the vice-president of the local youth congress unit.
laxminarayan said the panchayat would build a memorial in his name.
meanwhile, mandsaur sp manoj kumar singh said a probe was being carried out to investigate the circumstances leading to dhakads death.
he said dhakad had indulged in vandalism the day before his detention on thursday.
he said it will take value-based development, spiritual progress and an overall sense of wellbeing for people to lead happy and satisfied lives.
he said it will take value-based development, spiritual progress and an overall sense of wellbeing for people to lead happy and satisfied lives.
(source: file photo)the plans have been scaled down from a ministry to a department but, claims the madhya pradesh government, there is no diminishing the happiness.
more than three months after chief minister shivrajchouhan first made the announcement, the state cabinet on friday cleared a happiness department, scaling it down from a separate ministry but to be still headed by the cm.
the first such initiative in the country, the department will identify and define parameters that make people happy, coordinate among various departments, recommend policy changes and formulate an action plan to increase the level of happiness and satisfaction among the states more than 7.
25 crore population  all on a rs 3.
60 crore budget.
watch video: whats making newsthe department will have a president, a chief officer, a director (research), a director (coordination) and four research assistant among others.
experts working in the field could be nominated to the department.
chouhan had first floated the idea at a bjp event in bhopal, and later spoken about it at an event organised on the sidelines of the simhastha kumbh near ujjain.
it was included in the 51-point simhastha declaration released by prime minister narendra modi on the last day.
roti (food), kapda (clothes) and makaan (house) are basic necessities, but a human being needs more.
subjects like history and geography are necessary but we should also revise syllabus to include how to inculcate positivity.
later in his blog, he said, i often wonder why despite unprecedented growth in material prosperity and means of comfort in the world, happiness continues to elude us?
what explains the ever growing intolerance, violence, despair and depression?
on deep reflection i felt material prosperity and facilities can provide comforts but not bliss.
the department will be driven by the same principle: that happiness depends not just on material progress but also value-based development, spiritual progress and an overall sense of wellbeing.
the department will take feedback from people on the happiness parameters at regular intervals, publish survey reports and carry out research to improve the existing parameters.
chouhan hinted that health, income, yoga, positive attitude, sports and cultural activities could be among the parameters against which happiness is assessed in the state.
the cm acknowledged that the idea of mapping happiness is not new, and has been tried by several countries, including bhutan and the us, as also by the united nations.
bhutan, the first country to come up with the concept of gross national happiness, has fixed standards of living, health, education, good governance and psychological happiness among the various parameters that make its citizens happy.
some of the us states that follow gross national wellness have included emotional and psychological ability, physical health, work, income, economic progress and holidays among other parameters.
the parameters used by the united nations include per capita gdp, health, community cooperation during bad times, and trust-inducing measures like corruption-free government and business, freedom to take decisions, and philanthropy.
the world happiness report 2016 by the un ranks india at 118th among 156 countries, behind somalia (76), china (83), pakistan (92), iran (105), palestinian territories (108) and bangladesh (110).
madhya pradesh, which has made remarkable progress in agriculture in recent times, does not figure among the countrys developed states, and fares badly when it comes to social indices like maternal and infant mortality.
it also has a very high rate of crimes against women.
dismissing the happiness department idea, state congress chief arun yadav said, how can one talk about happiness when sadness prevails everywhere?
corruption is rampant and farmers are taking their lives.
the government will have to first address issues that make people unhappy, like inequality and the burgeoning gap between the rich and poor, hunger and malnutrition.
its possible only if the government revisits its approach toward development.
also, it will have to be ensured that the proposed department does not become a tool to further political interests, said right to food campaigner sachin jain.
according to state bjp chief nandkumar singh chouhan, these fears are unfounded.
the department is a matter of satisfaction for people living in the state.
its a welcome step.
b'today, there are several challenges before the farmers is there no solution to these challenges?
these can be converted into opportunities if you (farmers) help me and states implement the various schemes properly, modi said.
today, there are several challenges before the farmers is there no solution to these challenges?
these can be converted into opportunities if you (farmers) help me and states implement the various schemes properly, modi said.
pitching for converting farmers challenges into opporunities, prime minister narendra modi on sunday urged all states to give priority to implementation of the roadmap for boosting the agriculture sector with a target of doubling the income of farmers by 2022.
addressing a farmers rally in bareilly, he sought to hardsell the recently-launched crop insurance scheme, which he termed as a protective shield, and talked about various other initiatives including plans to launch e-platform for marketing of agriculture products in april as part of efforts to ensure welfare of the farming community.
today, there are several challenges before the farmers is there no solution to these challenges?
these can be converted into opportunities if you (farmers) help me and states implement the various schemes properly, modi said.
noting that the subject of agriculture is with states, he said the states where some work has been done in the farming sector have witnessed progress.
but in the states having the approach of chalta hai (let it happen) and election time pe dekh lenge (will see at the time of elections), the fate of the farmers has been left to the god.
after god, there is nobody to help them.
underlining the vision of doubling the income of farmers by 2022, the 75th independence of the country, modi said, from this land of uttar pradesh, i urge all the states to give priority to agriculture and then see the changes.
the roadmap is there, you only have to implement it.
he said there is no criticisim of any state and there is no need for it but he only wants to urge them with the promise that the centre is ready to work shoulder-to-shoulder with them in the implementation of schemes.
he said agriculture should be made employment-oriented to make it attractive to the new generation cultivators as he noted that agriculture, manufacturing and service sectors were the backbone of the countrys economy.
talking about problems being faced by farmers, the prime minister said filling their pockets with money will not suffice and the need is to strengthen their capabilities.
without make any political comment, modi referred to the backward bundelkhand region of uttar pradesh and said it was shameful that this belt was parched in spite of five rivers criss-crossing it.
he cited the example of bjp-ruled madhya pradesh, saying under the leadership of chief minister shivrajchouhan , the state has emerged as number 1 in the agriculture sector for last three years consecutively even though it was nowhere among top 10 about a decade back.
bundelkhand has of late caught the attention of both opposition and ruling sp as it appeared to become an election issue before the 2017 assembly polls.
talking about mnrega rural job guarantee scheme, modi, while clearly referring to the previous upa government, said what happened earlier?
it was nowhere to be seen.
did you see it anywhere?
he said the scheme could be used to provide irrigation water by making the ponds deeper, cleaning canals, making new small wells through rainwater harvesting.
some states have done it.
i will urge more states to do it, modi said.
the prime minister, who has been addressing farmers rallies in different states including madhya pradesh, odisha, and karnataka over the last few weeks, asked whether a pledge could be taken to double the income of farmers by 2022.
i am confident that my dream will come true.
my dream is your dream.
my dream is with your dream.
what is my dream?
my dream is that by 2022, when the country celebrates its 75th independence day, the income of farmers should double, he said, adding can we do it?
can we take a pledge in this regard, the states, the farmers, we all?
he also spoke of the major problems faced by farmers especilly the vagaries of weather, besides fragmented land with poor yield to feed large families.
these challenges should be converted into opportunities, he said.
he advocated a three-pronged strategy under which one-third of the farming activity should be earmarked for traditional crops like paddy, sugarcane, pulses and oilseeds, one-third for poulty, fishery, bee-keeping and one-third for planting trees to get timber.
if this strategy is adopted, farmers would not be left to fend for themselves even if the weather gods got angry.
talking about irrigation facilities, he referred to the atal scheme for inter-linking of rivers and said if there is proper water management, half of the problems of farmers will be solved and they can live a peaceful life.
for economic development of the contry, there should be three pillars  agriculture, industry and service sector, modi said.
if industries are not set up, where will sons of farmers get the job.
with this we need to promote service sector like tourism, where employment can be generated, he said.
the prime minister dwelt at length on the crop insuance scheme and highlighted its elements.
the revamped crop insurance scheme is cheaper than the previous one launched in 1999 and modified in 2010.
it ensures quick dispute settlements and provides for compensation payment direct into bank accounts.
the new scheme works towards making it more attractive for the farmers.
the farmers have now to pay just two per cent of the premium for kharif crop and 1.
5 per cent for rabi while the same for horticulture will be fixed at 5 per cent.
the balance premium is to be paid by the government  both state and central.
india derives about 17  of the gross domestic product (gdp) from agriculture and considering the volatility in farm output due to vagaries of nature often resulting in lower production, the new crop insurance scheme approved by the government is expected to help small and marginal farmers in a big way.
modi regretted that for the sake of higher yield, massive doses of chemicals and harmful fertilisers were used.
this atrocity on dharti mata should be avoidedwe have no right to commit such an atrocity, he advised the farmers.
stating that fertiliser shortage and blackmarketing has ended, modi said earlier the pm office used to get letters from cms and most of them were for demanding fertiliser.
the centre did not permit blackmarketing of urea.
now no cm writes to me for fertiliser, he said.
modi said on ambedkar jayanti on april 14 he would launch national agriculture market e-platform for farmers enabling them to know market price of their produce through mobile phones.
earlier, union home minister rajnath singh told the gathering that the nda government had raised the amount of compensation to farmers who suffered due to vagaries of nature.
we have simplified the procress of giving them central assistance, he said.
b'bjp vice-president uma bharti today said she was confident of her partys victory in the upcoming madhya pradesh assembly elections.
there are a number of reasons for my saying that the bjp will win the elections and the most prominent among them is the good work done by the government here, bharti told pti.
another factor that would contribute to the bjp win was the fact that she had now returned to the party,the former madhya pradesh chief minister said.
she said this was not the case during the 2008 assembly elections when her outfit,bharatiya janashakti party,had contested.
her party had then garnered six per cent votes in the elections and these would now go to the bjp tally,she said.
chief minister shivrajchouhan can win around 150 seats on his own and her six per cent of votes will help the party secure an emphatic victory,uma said.
dewas: a police emergency dial 100 vehicle torched by farmers in hatpipalya of district dewas, madhya pradesh on wednesday.
pti photo(pti6_7_2017_000086b) dewas: a police emergency dial 100 vehicle torched by farmers in hatpipalya of district dewas, madhya pradesh on wednesday.
pti photo(pti6_7_2017_000086b)a day after five farmers were killed in police firing, tension prevailed in mandsaur and the adjoining district of neemuch as protesters defied curfew and indulged in arson and violence on wednesday.
the violence also spread to other districts of the state, with protesters torching vehicles and blocking road and rail traffic in dewas, ujjain, sehore and barwani.
seeking to cool tempers, chief minister shivrajchouhan , who held a meeting of his krishi cabinet on wednesday, announced more sops for farmers, including a loan settlement scheme for defaulters.
the government also announced that a commission would be set up to fix a formula to ensure a fair price for crops by deducting agricultural costs.
chouhan gave orders to immediately constitute a rs 1000-crore price stabilisation fund.
he also announced that tur, urad and moong would be purchased from farmers from june 10 to june 30.
meanwhile, nearly two dozen vehicles were set on fire over the last 24 hours on the stretch between mandsaur and pipalia mandi.
all the five farmers who were killed in two separate incidents of firing near the pipalia mandi police station on tuesday were from this area, which has become the epicentre of the protests.
while six deaths were reported earlier, district officials said on wednesday that one death was not related to the protests.
the farmers are demanding better prices for their produce and waiver of loans.
the road connecting mandsaur and neemuch remained out of bounds for most part of the day with protesters torching more vehicles and a warehouse.
at barkhenda pant village, mandsaur collector swatantra kumar singh was heckled by relatives of one of the farmers who died and other villagers.
singh had gone to the spot to ask the protesters to clear the road and take the farmers body for cremation.
the protesters demanded immediate action against police officials involved in the firing.
singh and superintendent of police o p tripathi had to beat a hasty retreat after they were heckled.
while video footage showed that singh was hit on the head, he played down the incident and said he was not manhandled.
he claimed that anti-social elements had taken over the protests.
while the district administration claimed that enough security personnel had been deployed in the area, bike-borne protesters roamed freely on the streets, warning government officials and policemen not to venture beyond a toll booth located between mandsaur and pipalia mandi.
while those on motorcycles relayed information about the movement of security personnel, others on foot pelted stones at crpf, rpf and police personnel, who fired teargas shells to disperse the crowd.
we decided to abandon the toll booth after protesters damaged it and looked set to burn the ambulance parked next to it, said a paramedical staff.
why would we not be angry?
while the prices of produce continue to crash, the wages of labourers have not reduced.
we end up incurring losses.
all protesters are genuine farmers their anger has reached a boiling point, said two masked protesters, who refused to identify themselves or their village.
meanwhile, the families of the other four farmers who were killed agreed to carry out their last rites on wednesday.
the madhya pradesh patidar samaj had claimed on tuesday that the cremations would not take place until chief minister shivrajchouhan made an appearance.
late on tuesday, chouhan increased the compensation from rs 10 lakh to rs 1 crore and a job to the next of kin of each dead.
the bandh called by the rashtriya kisan mazdoor sangh (rkms), a group formed by a former rss worker, and congress received mixed response on wednesday.
a senior officer in the chief ministers office said the police and district administration were asked to be patient and lenient towards protesters earlier on wednesday as the bodies of those killed had to be cremated.
that was done for strategic reasons, but the administration has now been told to deal with the situation strictly, he said, adding that the people who torched buses near sonkutch had been identified.
while chouhan is unlikely to travel to mandsaur till the situation improves, the district administration is reported to have said that congress leader rahul gandhi, who is planning a visit on thursday, would not be allowed to enter the area.
dgp rishikant shukla said additional security forces have been rushed to mandsaur and the situation would be brought under control soon.
he said the arson was confined to mandsaur and dewas.
in delhi, the ministry of home affairs said it had sent 1,100 anti-riots police personnel to mandsaur.
the centre has also sought a detailed report on the violence on tuesday.
about 600 personnel of the rapid action force have already reached mandsaur, said a home ministry official, adding that another 500 raf personnel are being sent.
the state human rights commission has also sought a report on the firing.
a two-judge bench of the commission will hear the matter on june 23.
under construction central academy for police training building collapses in bhopal (source: ani) under construction central academy for police training building collapses in bhopal (source: ani)one person was killed after an under construction building of central academy for police training (capt) collapsed in bhopal, madhya pradesh on thursday, according to ani reports.
the collapse also injured 15 people and one among them is reported to be in a critical state.
however, many are still feared to be trapped under the debris as the rescue operation is underway.
chief minister, shivrajchouhan has announced a compensation of rs 50,000 to the critically injured and rs 25,000 each for those who were injured in the capt building collapse.
more details awaited.
b'passengers on way to their destination in lucknow on thursday.
(express photo: vishal srivastav) passengers on way to their destination in lucknow on thursday.
(express photo: vishal srivastav)union minister of state for railways s manoj sinha said the public enterprise will not be privatised under the nda rule, though investments from private players will be welcomed for its development.
we are not in favour of privatisation of indian railways at all under the nda rule, sinha, who was in gwalior on saturday to flag off bhind (mp)-etawah (up) passenger train, told reporters.
chief minister shivrajchouhan was also present on the occasion.
yes, we are ready for private investment in the railways.
we will welcome private investment for the development of railways, he said.
to a poser, sinha said that railway spring factory, located near here, will not be shut, instead it will be modernised, adding, provisions for the same have been made in the 2016-17 railway budget.
he said despite financial constraints, rs 4,200 crore has been sanctioned for madhya pradesh to strengthen and develop the rail network.
representational photo representational photothe madhya pradesh government on friday formed a special investigation team to probe the gangrape of a 19-year-old science student near habibganj railway station on tuesday, and suspended five police officials for alleged insensitivity and negligence in handling the case.
shos of three police stations and two sub-inspectors were suspended after chief minister shivrajchouhan called a meeting of senior bureaucrats and police officials even as opposition parties took to the streets alleging that law and order in the state capital had worsened, contrary to the ruling partys claim.
the girl, who is preparing for state civil services examination and whose parents both work with the police, was to board a train for vidisha on tuesday evening.
she took a shortcut from her coaching institute in m p nagar zone-2 locality to habibganj railway station.
several coaching institutes are located close to the railway track and the locality is among the busiest in bhopal.
she had walked some distance when a man, who police later identified as a ragpicker, grabbed her hand.
when she pushed him away, he called another person.
they took her near a culvert and raped her.
the girl told the police that one of them left to get her clothes while the other watched over her.
the man returned with two others who also took turns to rape her.
she was gangraped for over three hours.
after she collapsed, the alleged rapists, who live in a nearby slum, took her phone and earrings.
the girl managed to reach the railway protection force station and called her father, a sub-inspector with the rpf, who took her to his quarters.
on wednesday, the girl, accompanied by her parents, first went to m p nagar police station, then habiganj police station and lastly habibganj government railway police station as police officials took their time to decide under the jurisdiction of which police station the crime had happened.
in the meantime, the state celebrated its foundation day and the chief minister repeated his announcement to move a bill in the next assembly session providing death penalty for the rape of minors and other stringent amendments to punish crimes against women.
a police official at habibganj railway police station allegedly chided the family for making up a filmy story.
while the official was suspended on thursday, the in-charges of these three police stations and another sub-inspector were suspended on friday, and a city superintendent of police was attached to headquarters.
ig (law and order) makrand deuskar said an inquiry by dig (crime against women) had prime facie found negligence on the part of officials in the three police stations.
he said three accused  golu bihari, amar and rajesh  have been arrested.
a search is on for the fourth suspect.
deuskar said the first police station should have registered a zero complaint and transferred the case later.
trial will begin at the earliest, he added.
on the way to habibganj, the girl had identified one of the accused, golu, who was loitering near mansarovar complex opposite the state bjp headquarters, and managed to nab him with the help of her parents.
deuskar confirmed that the family nabbed the first accused, whose interrogation led to identification of three other accused.
golu faces three cases, including a murder, before the gangrape.
the state human rights commission has sought a report within 10 days.
it took mp police 11 hours to file the case  absolutely shocking.
authorities must take strict and immediate action against perpetrators, tweeted congress chief whip in the lok sabha jyotiraditya scindia.
comparing the incident with the delhi gangrape of 2012, the congress said criminal cases should also be registered against police officials for their negligence.
when police behave in such a manner with their own colleagues, one can imagine what must be happening to the common man, congress spokesman k k mishra said.
the mayors action came in the wake of demands that places named after asaram be rechristened the mayors action came in the wake of demands that places named after asaram be rechristenedwithin hours of asarams conviction, a signboard at a bus stand named after the self-styled godman on the airport road here was removed by mayor and bjp leader alok sharma, who was accompanied by bhopal municipal corporation staff.
condemning asaram, sharma announced that no bus stand or square in the city will be named after the controversial godman.
the mayors action came in the wake of demands that places named after asaram be rechristened and a tweet earlier in the day by madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , who promised suitable action.
the cover of the book.
the cover of the book.
the madhya pradesh government on wednesday blacklisted a book that claims that the meaning of word gond in gondi language is one who kills cow or eats beef.
we have blacklisted it and issued show-cause notices to a college, which purchased the book that is neither part of the syllabus nor prescribed for reading, higher education minister jaibhan singh pavaiya told the indian express.
he ruled out action against the writer or a ban on the book.
it is not our job.
the book has been blacklisted only to ensure that it was not purchased or kept in college libraries even by mistake.
he said the government had nothing to do with the book.
madhya pradesh government spokesman narottam mishra said that the writer, harish kumar khatri, as well as the publisher have also been blacklisted.
khatri, 37, who is from maharashtra, said that the controversial paragraph in the book appeared in the 2013 edition and that they removed it in a revised edition.
he added that they have tried their best to replace as many copies of the 2013 edition as possible.
it appears as if i have murdered someone.
i am scared for my life, he told the indian express.
he said that he was called to a police station in mandla district last month.
i apologised with folded hands to some people and also gave a written apology to the police, he said.
everything else was good but this one line has ruined my life.
khatri said that he has written 20 books.
he added that the 2013 edition may have sold around 300 copies.
we burnt the copies that we could recall.
the government acted after opposition leader ajay singh raised the issue in the state assembly.
he claimed that the description was an insult to the gond tribal community.
singh said that the book bharat ka bhoogol (geography of bharat) had been distributed among post-graduate students.
congress mlas shouted shame, shame when he readout the controversial portion.
singh demanded action against khatri.
opposition congress mlas raised slogans in the well of the house, seeking chief minister shivrajchouhan statement on the issue.
congress mla omkar singh markam had raised the matter in january and led a protest in dindori.
he had sought action against the publisher and the writer for insulting tribals.
the district administration did not act on the complaint, he said.
the controversial portion in book said that gond word refers to different tribal groups living in the plains and mountains of south-eastern districts of madhya pradesh.
it added that the gond tribals feel insulted by the word and prefer to call themselves koi or koitur.
in the preface, the writer had claimed that the book is based on master of arts syllabus of various universities in the state.
the writer claimed that gonds eat everything from cows, pigs, crocodiles, snakes and rats among other animals.
madhya pradesh home minister bhupendra singh (source: ani) madhya pradesh home minister bhupendra singh (source: ani)madhya pradesh home minister bhupendra singh on tuesday said four farmers have committed suicide over the last one year due to debt burden.
picchle 1 saal mein (till march), mp mein krishi karz ke kaaran kul 4 kisaanon ne aatma hatya ki hai (over the last one year, four farmers have committed suicide due to debt), singh was quoted as saying by ani.
the minister added that the farmers may have committed suicide due to personal reasons as well.
aatma hatya ke niji kaaran bhi ho sakte hain, paarivaarik vivaad bhi ho sakta hai, anya kaaran bhi ho sakte hain, he told anihis comments came at a time when a debt-ridden farmer in sehore, the home district of chief minister shivrajchouhan , allegedly committed suicide by consuming a poisonous substance.
six people lost their lives when the police fired during a protest in mandsaur, the epicentre of the farmer agitation.
the chief minister had announced a fast with the aim of bringing peace in the region.
the chief minister however called off the fast sunday claiming normalcy in the area.
yadav hailed from azamgarh in up and had served as the state chief minister from 1977 to 79 during the janata party regime.
(source: pti) yadav hailed from azamgarh in up and had served as the state chief minister from 1977 to 79 during the janata party regime.
(source: pti)former uttar pradesh chief minister ram naresh yadav, whose name had cropped up in the vyapam scam, passed away at lucknows sanjay gandhi post graduate institute of medical sciences on tuesday morning, where he was undergoing treatment for past few days.
he was 89.
watch what else is making news:yadav hailed from azamgarh in up and had served as the state chief minister from 1977 to 79 during the janata party regime.
he was also the governor of madhya pradesh from august 2011 to september 2016.
having represented azamgarh lok sabha seat during his early political career, he had lost the 2004 general elections as a congress nominee to ramakant yadav of bsp.
his name had figured in the vyapam scam, a multi-crore scandal in the madhya pradesh professional examination board, which involved several high-profile professionals, politicians and bureaucrats.
the madhya pradesh high court had later quashed the fir filed against him in connection with the scam, holding that he enjoyed immunity while in office.
his son, shailesh, whose name had also figured in the scam, was found dead under mysterious circumstances yadavs official residence in lucknow in march last year.
yadav had also landed into controversy soon after his appointment as the governor in 2011, when he had publicly maintained that then president had appointed him as the governor on the advice congress president sonia gandhi.
governor ram naik, chief minister akhilesh yadav and sp chief mulayam singh yadav and senior leaders across party lines visited yadavs residence to pay homage.
from lucknow, his body would be taken to azamgarh on monday night.
his last rites would take place on wednesday.
he was a soft spoken leader, who had worked for villages, farmers and poor.
he believed in samajwadi ideology and had worked with likes of raj narayan and chaudhary charan singh.
he made a impact as a teacher, lawyer as well as a politician, said akhilesh.
congress president sonia gandhi, who was in allahabad on tuesday, also offered her condolence.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan and public relations minister narottam mishra also expressed grief over his demise.
a day after he voted with the congress on a bill in madhya pradesh assembly, bjp mla narayan tripathi on thursday accused the bjp of luring people with fanfare and then killing them politically.
advertisingbjp samman ke saath swagat satkar karti haigamchha dal kar tilak lagate haijaise bakre ko halal karne se pahle kiya jata hai.
fir uski rajnitik hatya ki jati hai.
(bjp welcomes you with respect, puts gamchha, applies tilak, like a goat is prepared before sacrifice, and then kills you politically), the maihar mla told the indian express.
tripathi said he was yet to join the congress and claimed that he was not aware of technicalities  of inviting action under the anti-defection law.
he said he joined the bjp only for the development of his constituency, but now rued his decision.
he said the then chief minister shivrajchouhan made many promises but few were fulfilled.
read | madhya pradesh: former congmen, bjp mlas call their cross-voting ghar wapsiadvertisingi contested on a bjp symbol because chouhan made so many promises.
there was not one village in my constituency where something was not promised.
at least 19 groups boycotted me because of those unfulfilled promises, said tripathi, who has earlier won from maihar on symbols of sp and congress.
bjp khel karti hai, maine bhi khel kiya, he said.
asked about his victories on different symbols and the tag of a turncoat, the brahmin leader said his voters back him because he does not resort to politics based on caste, region and family.
he said he has no business interests.
read | in madhya pradesh, two bjp mlas vote with congresssharad kol, the other bjp mla who voted with tripathi, described chief minister kamal nath as his icon.
the young tribal leader who represents the beohari said he did not get respect in the bjp.
he was with the congress before he changed allegiance ahead of the assembly elections.
congress spokesperson shobha oza said the current situation is the result of a turf war between former cm chouhan and leader of opposition gopal bhargava.
the latter claimed in the assembly that the congress government will not survive for 24 hours if the top bjp leadership gives a signal.
state bjp chief rakesh singh said bhargavas statement was not the partys official line and that it would not bring down the congress-led government.
b'priyanka vadra and robert vadra priyanka vadra and robert vadrapriyanka vadra played the part of the vadra bahu to the hilt at the wedding reception of businessman and unofficial congress spokesperson tehseen poonawalla with monika vadra, cousin of robert vadra.
priyanka looked after the guests, good-naturedly allowed relatives to take selfies with her and on behalf of her in-laws escorted her mother sonia gandhi to the car when she was departing.
monika and tehseens roka ceremony was hosted by priyanka and robert.
priyankas new-found closeness to the vadras comes after years of the gandhis generally keeping a distance from roberts family.
the estrangement began after robert issued a statement publicly disowning his late father rajendra and brother richard, accusing them of exploiting their relationship with the gandhis.
fund collectingbjp president amit shah has issued strict guidelines to party mps that they should not accept donations on behalf of the party, either privately or publicly.
he told the mps that they are allotted sufficient funds by the government to run their own offices.
in case they need more money for tea and samosas for their constituents, they should contact the party office, he said.
in each state, only three mps are to be authorised to collect money on behalf of the party.
recently delhi mp meenakshi lekhi had to decline a contribution since she was not authorised to accept it.
in heart, not partycontroversial politician amar singh threw a wedding reception for the son of shivpal yadav, the younger brother of mulayam singh yadav, at zee tv owner subhash chandra goels delhi residence.
amar singh has been waiting patiently for some two years now to be re-admitted to the samajwadi party.
he was expelled six years back.
three powerful sp members who have opposed singhs return were missing at the reception, namely, mulayams cousin ram gopal yadav, jaya bachchan and azam khan.
someone asked mulayam whether amar singh was back in the party, not in the sp, but in my heart, was mulayams cryptic response.
birthday bluessanjay joshi, removed from his party post and the national executive some years back, is desperate to patch up with narendra modi, with whom he had a bitter falling-out.
but the pm shows no sign of relenting.
despite his ouster from the party, joshi stays at an mps bungalow in delhi and continues to dabble in politics, even campaigning for the party in select constituencies.
last year, joshi seemed to have reached some sort of a truce with amit shah and was entrusted with party work in uttar pradesh.
but shah backed off when joshi appeared to be projecting himself with posters felicitating him on his birthday, april 6, appearing all over the capital.
joshi this year was hopeful of being asked to play a major role in the bjps up assembly campaign.
but once again delhi is flooded with birthday greetings posters.
joshi supporters claim the posters have been put up by his enemies, who do not want him to be rehabilitated.
seven womennatwar singh is writing a new book, in praise of older women.
predictably, indira gandhi is one of the seven women in his list, but gandhis two aunts krishna hutheesing and vijaya lakshmi pandit also figure.
others whom singh has included are: han suyin, author of the famous love story love is a many-splendored thing, singhs mother-in-law, the rajmata mohinder kaur of patiala, indian-born american writer and journalist, santha rama rau, and yesteryear actress nargis dutt.
singh knew all the women intimately and corresponded regularly with them.
the book will include extracts from the correspondence.
over their headsin his bid for innovative governance, pm narendra modi asked all bureaucrats to write to him directly about successful experiments in their respective spheres.
however, when modi mentioned in his mann ki baat chat two examples of successful schemes on toilets and beautification projects in madhya pradesh, the state government was taken aback since it had no clue about the projects.
both cases cited appeared to have been highly exaggerated.
mp chief secretary antony dsa issued instructions that, in future, employees should route their proposals to the pm through the head of the bureaucracy so that these could be checked for accuracy.
several central ministers and secretaries of respective ministries would also like to issue similar instructions so that they are kept in the loop when suggestions are forwarded to the pm.
but they are too intimidated to do so.
in the case of mp, the chief secretary had the backing of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
bhopal: madhya pradesh congress party activists along with bharatiya kisan mazdoor sangh during a demonstration against chief minister shivrajchouhan in bhopal after the incident of police firing on farmers in mandsaur on wednesday.
(source: pti photo) bhopal: madhya pradesh congress party activists along with bharatiya kisan mazdoor sangh during a demonstration against chief minister shivrajchouhan in bhopal after the incident of police firing on farmers in mandsaur on wednesday.
(source: pti photo)police had apprehended ghanshyam dhakad, a farmer who died two days ago allegedly in their custody, in an injured condition while he along with others was trying to uproot a railway track during the farmers agitation, a senior police official said today.
after he was held, he was taken to government-run maharaja yashwant rao hospital in indore, mandsaur superintendent of police manoj kumar singh.
hospital sources, however, said the farmer was brought there as an unidentified man and the doctors had said he was brought dead.
singh said that the matter would be probed and if anyone found guilty, appropriate action would be taken.
dhakad (26) was detained by the police on june 8 when he and six other agitating farmers were trying to uproot a rail track, the sp said.
he said as per his information, dhakad was already injured so the policemen took him to a hospital in indore for treatment.
i say this with complete responsibility that no fact about the death of the farmer will be hidden.
we will get the entire episode probed and if anyone is found guilty, be it a policeman, appropriate legal action would be taken against that person, he said.
to a query about dhakad being admitted to the hospital as an unidentified person, the sp said, probably the policemen who took him (dhakad) to the hospital did not know his name then.
notably, the mandsaur-neemuch area, epicentre of the current waive of farmers protest in madhya pradesh, is a region of opium production.
to a query on opium mafias link to the unrest, the sp said, there is no denying of the possibility of the opium mafia fanning this violent protest in order to facilitate smuggling of their produce.
meanwhile, the last rites of dhakad were performed at his native badavan village in the violence-hit mandsaur district.
the villagers had alleged that he was beaten up by policemen, which led to his death.
mandsaur district collector o p shrivastava said the kin of dhakad would be given rs 1 crore as compensation and a member of his family would be given a government job, as announced by the state government for the five other victims.
the same compensation and a government job will be given to dhakads family as well, he said.
madhya pradesh congress leader ajay singh saturday said bjp government in the state had received more than rs 4 lakh crore from the centre in the last five years but the money had not been spent on development and it had gone down the drain due to widespread corruption.
he also targeted chief minister shivraj singh chouhan,saying he was using these funds as if they had come from his mamas (maternal uncle) house.
it is my charge that all this money was consumed by corruption involving bjp ministers,bureaucrats and others, the leader of opposition said while addressing election meetings at mauganj,devtalab and sunauri in rewa district.
the money received from the centre is being spent on anti-congress propaganda in the bjp-ruled state,singh said.
the plan size of madhya pradesh government had grown from rs 14,182 crore in 2009-10 to rs 41,190 crore now,the congress leader said.
the state had received more than rs 4 lakh crore from the centre since 2008 and people now want to know where this large sum of money has gone,singh said.
madhya pradesh goes to the polls on november 25.
b'ani dave was an author, pilot, party strategist and, most importantly, a passionate enviromental activist.
ani dave was an author, pilot, party strategist and, most importantly, a passionate enviromental activist.
anil madhav dave was a man with many feathers in his cap.
he was an author, pilot, party strategist and, most importantly, a passionate enviromental activist.
appointed as environment minister during a cabinet reshuffle in 2016, daves work through his ngo, narmada samagra, made him an expert in river conservation.
environmental conservation, a subject close to his heart, saw him cycle to the parliament to raise awareness about the issue.
here are five things you need to know about anil dave:1# dave founded the ngo narmada samagra for conservation of the narmada river.
he has been campaigning for many years to clean up the highly polluted river body.
recently, madhya pradesh assembly passed a resolution declaring the river as a living entity.
the state government also kickstarted narmada seva yatra, a campaign to clean the river.
big brother, close friend mr @anilmdave .
it is a personal loss.
the venerable mr @anilmdave as the country has a true patriot and mother narmada worthy is lost.
this damage can never be compensated, he tweeted.
2# dave, ncc air wing cadet, holds a pilot licence.
he reportedly once piloted a cessna aircraft around the banks of narmada for 18 hours.
3# after completing his post graduation in commerece from the gujarati college in indore, dave became actively involved with the rashtriya swayam sewak sangh.
his grandfather dadasaheb dave was also an rss pracharak.
his immaculate organisational skills saw him rise in the rss ranks.
dave was deputed to madhya pradesh to assist the bjp ahead of the 2003 assembly elections.
he was known for his booth-level management and planning.
dave was eventually made the chief of the bjps election management committee during the state assembly elections in 2003, 2008 and 2013 and lok sabha elections in 2004, 2009 and 2014.
4# in 2009, dave was elected to the rajya sabha from madhya pradesh.
he was part of various parliamentary committees and served as chairman for the select committee on prevention of corruption (amendment) bill 2013.
he was also known for successfully organising the world hindi conference in bhopal and an international conference on the occasion of simhastha (kumbh) mela in ujjain.
5# dave was born to pushpa and madhav dave on july 6, 1956 in madhya pradeshs ujjain district.
the government has already sent the proposal for the diversion of forest land to the union environment ministry for the purpose.
the government has already sent the proposal for the diversion of forest land to the union environment ministry for the purpose.
the defence ministry would be setting up its unit of national importance in madhya pradesh at morena districts kailaras and sabalgarh tehsil areas, union minister for panchayati raj and rural development, narendra singh tomar said on tuesday.
the defence ministry would spend rs 1500 crore on the proposed unit, the minister said in a statement here welcoming mp governments decision to allot land for the same.
watch what else is making news:the proposed defence ministry unit would be set up on a 969.
735 hectare geographically secured, strategic and technically suited land with an investment of rs 1500 crore, he said.
madhya pradesh cabinet, chaired by chief minister, shivrajchouhan has already allotted 334.
584 hectare revenue land for the purpose.
the cabinet has decided to hand over 334.
584 hectare free of cost, acquired 34.
745 hectare private land and has sent a proposal to give 600.
406 hectare forest land in exchange of as much revenue land, to the defence ministry for the proposed unit.
the government has already sent the proposal for the diversion of forest land to the union environment ministry for the purpose and the same is in the last phase of approval, tomar, who is a lok sabha member from gwalior, added.
madhya pradesh farmers protest: shivrajchouhan on hunger-strike (pti photo) madhya pradesh farmers protest: shivrajchouhan on hunger-strike (pti photo)chants of jai jawan jai kisan and a portrait of mahatma gandhi in the background were the only things common to the recent 28-hour fast by chief minister shivrajchouhan and the ongoing 72-hour satyagraha by his congress challenger jyotiraditya scindia, both in bhopal.
the unrest among farmers, the core constituency in madhya pradesh, has got chouhan, 58, trying to reestablish his kisan purta credentials, and scindia, 46, whom the bjp derides as a maharaja far removed from ground realities, trying to build an image ahead of the 2018 assembly elections.
the congress chief whip in lok sabha cut short his foreign visit and announced a satyagraha in bhopal.
the summer heat is still unbearable but the congress satyagraha venue has no coolers, unlike the ground where the cm held his fast, which had many.
also read: two farmers commit suicide in madhya pradesh, 6 deaths in 3 days nowon the first day of the satyagraha, announcers said they knew farmers were inconvenienced by the lack of coolers and promised to install a few the next day, only to be countered by many in the audience that they would rather go without them.
the speakers mocked the seven-star or five-star facilities at the cms venue.
the bed used by scindia to sleep was modest in comparison to the one in the cms tent.
while the cm was accompanied by his wife, scindia was not.
chouhan has often visited farms after natural calamities to comfort farmers.
calling it ola paryatan (hail tourism), the congress has asked why he did not visit mandsaur after firing led to deaths.
congress leader jyotiraditya scindia on satyagraha.
(pti photo) congress leader jyotiraditya scindia on satyagraha.
(pti photo)scindia, however, had to battle his own image problem as the audience tried to click selfies with him or touch his feet and many speakers referred to him as maharaja.
please dont use maharaja; he does not like it, announced former mla govind rajput after a speech by a leader.
kya kare, hamari bhasha hai (what can we do, its our language), said a later speaker, repeating the honorifics.
since wednesday night, whatsapp messages have gone into circulation alleging that maharaja has left the venue and insinuating that he gone to a heritage hotel.
it was announced from the stage that reporters of national tv rushed to the venue to find scindia chatting with farmers at 2 am.
for its part, the congress fielded a young speaker who mocked the cms style of speaking.
someone calculated that the cm met one farmers delegation every 38 seconds, wondering what he absorbed in that brief period.
scindia, meanwhile, was seen accepting memorandums from visitors and promising them to meet them all in the evening.
some relatives of the firing victims had come to bhopal from near mandsaur to appeal to the cm to call off his fast.
denied an opportunity to meet these relatives, the congress leaders ensured their venue had garlanded portraits of the six victims.
kisano ko nyay ke liye congress ka shankhnaad (sounding the conch to ensure justice for farmers), reads the backdrop to the congress venue.
the bjp tried to counter it with hoardings in bhopal to compare its achievements in agriculture between 2003, when it came to power, and 2017, more than 11 of those 13 years being chouhans tenure.
farmer kills himselfa farmer committed suicide in chalplasar village of hoshangabad district wednesday.
narmada prasad yadav, 50, consumed poison near hoshangabad bus stand.
his brother police alleged a moneylender had insisted on repayment of the remainder of a rs 50,000 loan.
he said he had accompanied narmada to sell 12 quintals moong and alleged that the moneylender forcibly took him away and made him mortgage a tractor, leading to the suicide.
in-charge sp (hoshangabad) kumar saurabh said the death is being investigated and added that bystanders had reported a dispute between the two brothers over mortgaging the tractor and that narmada was against it.
prime minister narendra modi with madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , mp governor anandiben patel and union minister narendra singh tomar at mandla in madhya pradesh on tuesday.
(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi with madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan , mp governor anandiben patel and union minister narendra singh tomar at mandla in madhya pradesh on tuesday.
(pti photo)images of prime minister narendra modi and chief minister shivrajchouhan will be displayed on two tiles in houses to be built in madhya pradesh under the pradhan mantri awas yojana (pmay), according to a state government order that has sparked criticism from the opposition which alleged that a wrong precedent was being set by politicising a scheme meant for the poor .
each unit will have two such tiles- one on the kitchen wall and the other at the entrance of the house, the order issued by urban administration and development department of the state government on april 4 said.
it directed the commissioners of municipal corporations and chief municipal officers of municipalities in the state to ensure that the two ceramic tiles of 450x600 mm size each are installed in each pmay house.
as per the specifications mentioned in the order, each of the two ceramic tiles will carry the slogan sabka sapna, ghar ho apana in hindi at the top.
the middle portion of each tile will have pradhan mantri awas yojana- urban written in english as well as hindi along with the schemes logo.
while modis photo will be on the left side of this logo, chouhans will be on the right.
next to the slogan on the top, the logo of the state government and a small-size picture of bjp ideologue deendayal upadhyay will be printed.
the order was issued following the directives given by the chief minister on january 2, during a meeting on the pmay scheme.
however, the opposition congress termed the move as completely wrong.
this is a government-run scheme meant for the poor and it should not be politicised.
the ruling party is setting a wrong precedent by putting up the ceramic tiles with the pictures of modi ji and shivraj ji, leader of opposition in assembly, ajay singh, told pti.
the ruling saffron party, however, maintained that there was nothing wrong in it.
state bjp spokesperson rajnish agrawal said, there was no intention of politicising any issue.
this is for the first time in the countrys history that a target has been set to provide a house to every poor.
there is nothing wrong if the pictures of the pm and the cm are being put up at the entrance and inside the kitchen.
talking to pti over the move, additional commissioner of urban administration department, manju sharma, said, the order was issued in the first week of this month.
through these tiles, the beneficiaries and other people will be able to know under which scheme the houses have been built.
the bjp government had earlier said that no new liquor shop or distillery would be allowed to come up in the state.
the bjp government had earlier said that no new liquor shop or distillery would be allowed to come up in the state.
lists with the names of regular buyers to be kept at liquor shops, a statutory warning on bottles that consumption is injurious to health, chapters in the school curriculum against the use of alcohol, no liquor-related advertisements on any tv channel.
these are some of the stringent measures in madhya pradeshs excise policy for 2017-18, which was approved by the state cabinet monday.
the bjp government had earlier said that no new liquor shop or distillery would be allowed to come up in the state.
officials said that the government also plans to launch an awareness campaign against liquor consumption, organise yoga and meditation therapy centres, and cancel driving licences of those caught for the third time for drunk driving.
besides, the new policy includes a provision to maintain a list of habitual excise offenders in police stations.
finance minister jayant malaiya told the indian express that liquor shops will keep a record of regular buyers and drinkers but wont display the list publicly.
its easy to identify those who turn up daily.
the information will be used to find out if they need de-addiction treatment, he said.
a senior state government official told the indian express that the state may also look at imposing prohibition at a later stage.
the state government has sent a team of police officials to gujarat and bihar to study the impact of total prohibition on the crime rate.
based on the teams findings, the political leadership may take a call on prohibition in the state, said the official.
malaiya, however, ruled out any possibility of the state imposing total prohibition.
the policy for the next year has already been announced, he said.
among the measures in the policy is that indian made foreign liquor (imfl) and country liquor shops located within 5 km from the banks of the narmada would be shut once their annual licences expire.
this move is expected to impact 58 licenced shops in several towns, including hoshangabad, dindori, mandla, harda, dewas and khandwa.
this decision was first announced by chief minister shivrajchouhan during his narmada seva yatra, the five-month campaign to free the river of pollution and create awareness about water conservation.
with the supreme court recently ruling that liquor shops within 500m of highways be shut, the government has decided to provide alternate locations to shop owners.
the supreme court ruling will affect 1,427 shops.
its difficult to quantify the exact losses but the order will have a huge impact on excise collection.
its a challenge for us, said an official.
officials said that with five shops per one-lakh population, madhya pradesh has a relatively low liquor outlet density.
congress today demanded imposition of presidents rule in madhya pradesh, saying chief minister shivrajchouhan has no right to continue as he is evading from his constitutional duties.
instead of consoling the families of farmers killed in the police firing, chouhan sat on a fast in bhopal, leader of opposition in mp assembly ajay singh told reporters here.
one of the killed farmers was father of a 40-day-old child.
chouhan should have gone to meet his wife and the child and family of other farmers, who were killed.
cm has been evading constitutional responsibility.
we demand imposition of presidents rule in the state, said singh.
he said it is reprehensible that the cm is now expecting the aggrieved farmers to come to bhopal and meet him.
several important issues including seventh pay scale for employees are pending with the government.
farmers are taking to the street due to their problems.
anarchy is prevailing in the state.
but, cm is performing a nautanki (drama) by sitting on a fast, singh added.
he alleged that chouhan, who himself claimed to be son of a farmer, wants farmers to commit suicide peacefully under the burden of loans.
two days back, a farmer in raisen told his daughter not to serve food as he consumed poisonous substance.
farmers were killed in police firing in mandsaur.
however, cm did not reach out to them.
cm should be remorseful but after leaving his post, he said.
singh said west bengal cm mamata banerjee immediately rushed to strife-torn darjeeling and is leading the administration but mps cm is sitting on a fast.
congress workers led by its chief spokesperson k k mishra prayed the lord to give sadbudhi (good sense) to cm by performing a yajna in front of partys state headquarters this afternoon.
meanwhile, police apprehended 48 congress workers including seven women when they were marching towards bhel dussehra maidan where the cm is sitting on a fast.
we were marching peacefully to tell farmers problems to the cm but police stopped us at board office square.
we are also farmers.
police cane charged and arrested us, claimed congress leader yogendra chouhan.
b'excluded from gi area, mp appeals in madras high court while punjab wants it kept out.
express photo by gurmeet singh excluded from gi area, mp appeals in madras high court while punjab wants it kept out.
express photo by gurmeet singhon tuesday, madras high court will hold its final hearing of a petition seeking the geographical indication (gi) label for basmati grown in parts of madhya pradesh.
stakeholders in states that already enjoy the gi tag for basmati in their areas, notably punjab, have been presenting a case why mp should be kept out of the gi zone.
the tag, granted by chennai-based gi registry, conveys an assurance of quality and distinctiveness attributable to the products origin in a geographical locality, region or country, and, therefore, commands a premium in the international market.
the gi tag is used to identify various kinds of goods including darjeeling tea, kanchipuram silk saree and kolhapuri chappal.
among those opposing the gi label for mp are political leaders and agriculture scientists in punjab, which dominates basmati production, as well as all india rice exporters association.
punjab contributes half the 4 million tonnes basmati india exports, the major importers being iran and saudi arabia.
how can the gangetic states be included in the gi area?
the only rightful claimants are states which are part of erstwhile greater punjab, including haryana, and a small part of uttarakhand, said punjab agriculture minister tota singh.
we will approach the courts if we have to, in order to stall this.
he added punjab has written to the union government objecting to a move to grant the gi tag to mp.
basmati experts of punjab agricultural university, meanwhile, have warned the government of possible international repercussions.
basmati evolved from here centuries ago and if inferior rice grown in other areas is qualified as basmati, it will be a loss not only for punjab but for india on the international stage.
other countries can claim the tag citing mp as a precedent, which would end indias monopoly, dr g s mangat, senior rice breeder from pau.
the experts also expressed concerns that inclusion of mp will degrade the quality of indian basmati, thus handing an advantage to pakistan which then would claim to be the producer of authentic aromatic basmati.
in india, the basmati gi area covers punjab, haryana, uttarakhand, himachal pradesh, delhi, western up and two districts of j&k.
pau experts say punjab is still the sole producer of the highest quality basmati and this aromatic rice variety originated from here centuries ago in undivided punjab.
basmati is a region-specific crop and it is because of a reason, a basmati expert told the indian express.
even when basmati is in the fields, it gives out a strong aroma in that area.
this is because of specific climatic conditions in the foothills of the himalayas in the indo-gangetic plains.
without these conditions the aroma will disappear.
he expressed a fear of falling prices.
with farmers prices already down from rs 3,000-4,000 per quintal to rs 2,300-2,400 this year, expansion of the gi area would be disastrous for them, he said.
the all india rice exporters association (airea), meanwhile, has written to the prime minister, commerce and agriculture ministers, and chief ministers of punjab, haryana, uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, as also to the agricultural and processed food products development authority (apeda), saying efforts to expand the area under gi are without justifiable or valid reasons.
incidentally, when the upa was in power, chief minister shivrajchouhan had accused apeda, which had rejected mps case, of being on the same side as that of pakistan.
the airea letter read, such a move [including mp] will open the advocacy for inclusion of mp, rajasthan and even bihar thereby diluting the gi philosophy and premium associated with a gi product.
also, it will be against the economic interests of areas that grow it traditionally and will deal a body blow to farmers from the recognised gi zone.
this will weaken our credibility in the world and take away from previous victories against infringements on basmati.
former airea president vijay sethia said mp does not qualify for the gi zone because it has started growing it only recently and questioned the quality of its basmati.
a bureaucrat in mp told the indian express that punjab and haryana are worried about losing a major market share if mp is included in the gi zone.
in high end markets like the us, mps basmati will get premium because farmers dont use chemical pesticides and the produce is treated as organic, unlike punjab and haryana that use chemicals.
mp had challenged apedas decision in the chennai-based intellectual property appellate board (ipab).
in february, ipab included punjab, haryana, up, uttarkhand, himachal and j&k in the gi zone but not mp.
the state challenged ipabs order in court.
local municipal bodies will make the water and electricity available free-of-cost, minister informed.
(pti file photo) local municipal bodies will make the water and electricity available free-of-cost, minister informed.
(pti file photo)madhya pradesh is all set to join the league of those states which have launched populist subsidised meal scheme for poor with the opening of canteens that provides wholesome food at rs 5 under the deendayal antyodaya rasoi yojana.
this scheme, named after the bjp ideologue deendayal upadhyaya, is being launched in 49 districts across the state this evening.
chief minister shivrajchouhan will inaugurate the deendayal rasoi yojana at gwalior this evening.
in the first phase, the scheme is being launched at 49 district headquarters simultaneously between 6-7 pm, urban development minister maya singh said today.
she said the scheme would be launched in bhind and umaria districts later due to the by-poll scheduled there on april 9.
deendayal rasoi yojana will be implemented in at least one place in every district.
more than one centre would be set up in big cities in accordance to local needs, she added.
minister said that cheap, good quality, nutritious and delicious food would made be available under the scheme.
anyone can have a wholesome meal at rs 5 which includes four chapatis, one vegetable curry and dal every day between 11 am to 3 pm.
the arrangement would cater to at least 2000 persons every day, she said.
singh said that the district level coordination and monitoring committee would monitor this arrangement.
the wheat and rice would be made available at these canteens at rs one each through fair price shops.
local municipal bodies will make the water and electricity available free-of-cost, minister informed.
the funds for setting up these centres would be made available under chief ministers urban infrastructure scheme.
b'leader of opposition in the madhya pradesh assembly,ajay singh has expressed confidence that congress would form the next government in the state by securing majority in the assembly polls to be held in november this year.
there is a clear wave for change of power in madhya pradesh and the congress will form the next government by securing majority in the next assembly elections, he said at partys parivartan yatra meeting held at danitola village in the district last evening.
bjp will not be able to fight the next assembly polls in madhya pradesh under the leadership of chief minister shivrajchouhan , he added.
he alleged that there was rampant corruption in the implementation of various central schemes like the mnrega.
meanwhile ajay singh today demanded removal of tribal welfare minister vijay shah from the ministry for passing some indecent comments against women last week.
ed officials on saturday reached katni to investigate the alleged hawala racket in which funds were illegally routed using fake bank accounts post-demonetisation.
ed officials on saturday reached katni to investigate the alleged hawala racket in which funds were illegally routed using fake bank accounts post-demonetisation.
the enforcement directorate (ed) officials on saturday reached katni to investigate the alleged hawala racket in which funds to the tune of rs 500 crore were illegally routed using fake bank accounts post-demonetisation.
the agency reached katni and started probe into the case, a top officer told pti.
watch what else is making news:two days ago, the agency registered a case under the provisions of prevention of money laundering act (pmla) taking cognizance of four firs registered by madhya pradesh police and a recommendation sent in this regard by the state government to ed headquarters in delhi earlier.
the agencys team of officials from its offices in indore and mumbai are taking help of katni police who had registered the first case based on complaints.
the case had assumed political overtones after katni superintendent of police gaurav tiwari, considered to be instrumental in taking the probe into the case forward, was transferred on january 9 to chhindwara by the government.
under the said hawala racket, fake accounts were allegedly opened in a private bank branch under which scrapped old notes were deposited in katni district.
a state government spokesperson had earlier said: some elements have exchanged currency (old notes) through fake bank accounts at a bank at katni by forging the documents.
the state government has decided that ed should be urged to look into all these cases.
though the state government had termed tiwaris transfer as a routine administrative affair, the development triggered a series of protests in katni, located about 365 km from bhopal.
congress had alleged that the sps was transferred to hush up the scam.
the name of a cabinet colleague of the chief minister also figured along with other influential people in this money laundering scam exposed by tiwari, state congress chief arun yadav alleged.
in a bid to cover up the matter, the state government removed tiwari as katni sps post within six months of this posting, he had alleged.
a congress spokesperson had also said that the alleged money laundering scam is worth over rs 500 crore.
no one is above the constitution, the law, and the public sentiments.
it is a country where the name of aurangzeb road has also been changed.
a court in rajasthan on wednesday sentenced asaram to life in jail for raping a minor girl.
bhopal has two places named after asaram  a road crossing and a bus stand, both located near the godmans ashram near the raja bhoj airport on the city outskirts.
activist rachna dhingra, who works for the survivors of the 1984 union carbide disaster, made the demand in a video on social media.
i am asking the chief minister who claims to be a big proponent and protector of girls rights that the names of this crossing and bus stand be changed, she said.
another activist, akshay hunka, tagged the chief minister in his tweet and asked to spell out the governments stand on dhingras demand.
replying to it, chouhan assured to take appropriate action.
the encounter site at the hillocks of acharpura village (pti photo) the encounter site at the hillocks of acharpura village (pti photo)attributing the elimination of simi activists in an encounter near bhopal to the policy of zero tolerance against terror and terrorism, the state bjp executive on tuesday applauded chief minister shivrajchouhan , home minister bhupendra singh thakur and the police for quick and appropriate action.
the praise came in a political resolution moved at the two-day executive meet that began in sagar.
the resolution said: pradesh sarkar ne bhi aatankwad aur aatankwadion ke virudha zero tolerance ki niti apnaee hai.
is niti ke tahat hi bhopal jail tod kar bhage simi atankwadion ko kuchh ghanto me hi nestnabut kar diya gaya.
pradesh karyasamiti mananiya mukhya mantri, greh mantri aur madhya pradesh police ko is twarit evam satik karyawahi ke liye kotishaha sadhuwad deti hai.
(mp government has also adopted zero tolerance policy against terrorism and terrorists.
under this policy those simi terrorists who fled after bhopal jailbreak were eliminated within few hours.
state executive committee applauds a thousand times the chief minister, the home minister and the police for this quick and appropriate action).
the political resolution also lauded the surgical strikes in pok as a reflection of the narendra modi governments resolve to end external forces that threaten the nation, and called it a reflection of indias power.
it endorsed the pms appeal to partymen to acquire clean wealth and to declare their property and assets.
it praised the governments demonetisation move, saying the measure will lead to a society that is corruption-free, transparent and equitable.
referring to the opposition criticism to demonetisation and surgical strikes, the resolution said: it appears their loyalties lie with enemies of the nation.
nepanagar bjp mla rajendra dadu (photo courtesy: facebook) nepanagar bjp mla rajendra dadu (photo courtesy: facebook)rajendra dadu, bjp mla from nepanagar in madhya pradesh, died on thursday after his car met with an accident while going from indore to bhopal.
according to police, dadus car overturned near saikrakheri village in sehore and he died on the spot.
he was going to bhopal to attend a meeting of party mlas at chief minister shivrajchouhan residence.
the meeting scheduled at cms house was then adjourned.
his driver and personal assistant also lost their lives in the accident.
b'delhi health minister satyendar jain meets jain muni tarun sagar in chandigarh monday.
pti delhi health minister satyendar jain meets jain muni tarun sagar in chandigarh monday.
ptifrom being credited with successfully persuading the rss to replace leather belts with canvas belts to extracting a promise from chief minister shivrajchouhan not to open new liquor shops in madhya pradesh, jain monk tarun sagar is known to have demonstrated his influence long before his address to the haryana lawmakers last week created waves.
cracking jokes, sharing anecdotes and abandoning caution, the monk, 49, born pawan kumar jain in guhanchi village of damoh district in madhya pradesh, delivers sermons in a style that is very different from the restrained speeches of most other jain monks who usually stick to religious tenets.
he was bestowed the title krantikari (revolutionary) a few years ago at a religious gathering in karnataka, one of the few states where he has been declared a state guest.
he was given muni diksha by acharya pushpadant sagar in the late 1980s.
after a reported ailment a decade ago, tarun sagar started travelling about in a doli.
this upset a certain section of the community.
the idea of being carried this way, or in vehicles, is a break from the tradition of the digambar jain community, which believes saints must live a life of self-abnegation.
tarun sagar, who has possibly more followers among hindus than within his minority community, also accepts food from politicians, especially chief ministers and governors, irrespective of their religion.
other jain monks, including those senior in him in hierarchy, usually accept food only from jains.
tarun sagar, who attended an rss vijaya dashami function in nagpur in september 2009, suggested there that doing away with leather belts would help stop animal slaughter.
it is widely believed that this appeal led to the removal of leather belts from the rss uniform.
also read: jain monk, in nude, talks of pakistan, female foeticide, duty of wife in haryana assemblyat a function on june 4, 2010, at guhanchi village, his home, the muni referred to the bjp governments gesture of declaring him a state guest and told cm chouhan, i would feel honoured only if slaughterhouses are denied permission and the sale of liquor is totally stopped in the state.
while inaugurating the foundation day celebrations of the rss in jaipur in october 2013, he praised narendra modi for a charismatic personality and chouhans magical leadership skills.
before the haryana address, the muni had addressed lawmakers in bhopal in 2010 in the auditorium of the assembly, a venue that later saw speeches from baba ramdev and sri sri ravi shankar.
acharya vidya sagar maharaj, the most influential digambar jain, had also addressed lawmakers on the mp assembly premises.
in 2010, tarun sagar was slated to eat food offered by chouhan at the cm house, with posters announcing he would leave bhopal that very day.
however, a cousins death forced chouhan to cancel the event.
he suggested a day after the 13-day mourning period was over.
tarun sagar chose to prolong his stay in bhopal.
he left only after eating food in the cm house.
posters announcing his departure had to be removed from jain temples, a jain leader said.
pankaj pradhan, who calls himself one of the main followers of the muni in bhopal, sees nothing wrong with tarun sagars speeches.
his following cuts across religious sects because he speaks the language the common man understands, pradhan said.
pradhan said a set of eight books titled kadve vachan, written by the muni, has sold more than 10 lakh copies.
pradhan said tarun sagar is watched and heard by millions on religious channels.
an office-bearer of tarun kranti manch, pradhan has been associated with tarun sagar since 1993.
he recalls that a function with the muni that was to be held on the premises of gujarat assembly more than a decade ago was cancelled after objections raised by congress legislators.
modi, then cm, met tarun sagar where he was camping, pradhan said.
he also said he would be available at the dussehra maidan in bhopal for the next few days, for meetings with all stakeholders.
the congress had earlier accused chouhan of meeting only the rss-affiliated bharatiya kisan sangh (bks).
providing security to all is my raj dharma.
read: unrest may spread; modi, chouhan govts failed to understand farmers, says rss-backed farmers body leadermeanwhile, the death toll rose to six as one more person, identified as ghanshyam dhakad, 26, died on friday.
dhakads family alleged that he was beaten up by the police during a protest at dalauda village, between jaora and mandsaur, on thursday.
he was taken to a hospital in indore, where he succumbed to his injuries on friday.
a senior police officer said they were waiting for the post-mortem report.
read: sachin pilot slams pm for his silence on farmers killingeven as mandsaur, the epicentre of the protests, remained calm on friday, a group of protesters torched a truck and some motorcycles at fanda near bhopal.
another group blocked traffic on the busy bhopal-indore highway.
violence was reported from shajapur, dewas, indore, dhar, khargone, ujjain, raisen and sehore among other districts.
an sdm was reportedly thrashed by protesters at shajapur.
ig (intelligence) makrand deuskar said 231 cases have been registered in connection with the protests so far, including 109 in dewas, 28 in mandsaur, 20 in ujjain and 18 in dhar.
cases have also been registered in ratlam, badwani, neemuch and rajgarh.
he said 191 vehicles have been torched and over 150 persons arrested for arson and violence so far.
the opposition congress has demanded a two-day special assembly session to discuss the situation in the state.
he (chouhan) was not ready to give the congress credit for the ongoing stir, but suddenly, after five deaths, he accused the opposition party of instigating protesters, said leader of opposition ajay singh.
dismissing chouhans decision to begin an indefinite fast as a stunt, he said: he holds a constitutional position and should not resort to tactics used by arvind kejriwal.
while ruling out a loan waiver on saturday, chouhan reiterated his governments resolve to buy tur, urad and moong from farmers at msp from june 10 to june 30, in addition to onions at rs 8 per kg.
gopal rai.
(file photo) gopal rai.
(file photo)the aam aadmi party would contest the 2018 assembly elections in the bjp-ruled madhya pradesh against the misrule of chief minister shivrajchouhan on the basis of good governance and development model of the delhi government, headed by the arvind kejriwal-led party.
the aap would contest next assembly polls in state showcasing the development model and good governance of the aap government in delhi vis--vis the misrule of the shivrajchouhan government in madhya pradesh, the party leader and delhi minister gopal rai said here today.
watch what else is making newshe was addressing a training camp organised for the aap observers from 230 assembly constituencies of madhya pradesh.
rai said the aap would win punjab and goa elections held recently, and its next destination would be madhya pradesh, a bjp stronghold.
the party is emerging as a political alternative across the country.
aap is all set to form governments in goa and punjab.
our next goal would be madhya pradesh and (to achieve that) the party has appointed observers in each of 230 constituencies, he added.
rai said the delhi government succeeded in implementing various welfare measures, despite several obstacles being put in its way by the central government.
despite the obstacles by the centre, the delhi government has managed to implement several public welfare schemes in the field of health, education, electricity etc.
we should take these good works to the public, he said.
on the occasion, aap state convener alok agrawal announced to launch a movement against the state government.
shajapur: farmers throwing onions and other vegetables on the road during their protest in shajapur of madhya pradesh on thursday.
(pti photo) shajapur: farmers throwing onions and other vegetables on the road during their protest in shajapur of madhya pradesh on thursday.
(pti photo)madhya pradesh unit of congress on friday alleged that disgruntled workers of bjp and rss are provoking the farmers and are responsible for the violence during the ongoing agitation.
the party rejected chief minister shivrajchouhan claim that congress was instigating the violence.
congress subscribes to mahatma gandhis tenet of non-violence and the party can never be involved in any kind of violence, state congress chief arun yadav and leader of opposition in the assembly ajay singh said at a press conference here.
disgruntled cadres of rss and bjp incited the farmers and these people are responsible for the violence, yadav said, displaying pictures purportedly showing a bjp leader from betma distributing sticks to his supporters.
congress was nowhere in the picture when the chief minister hammered out a pact with farmers leaders in ujjain.
but when the farmers were shot dead (in mandsaur district), the cm started dragging congress into the controversy and made allegations, ajay singh said.
if the cm was serious about the agitation, he should have called an all-party meeting, he added.
singh also said that the prime minister narendra modi tweets on every small issue, but is tight-lipped on the death of farmers in police firing in mandsaur.
appealing the protesters to conduct the agitation in a peaceful way, the congress leaders demanded that criminal cases filed against farmers during the agitation be withdrawn.
singh also said that the claim that farmers are happy (under bjp rule) has proven to be a mere propaganda with the current agitation.
chouhan and his ministers lack administrative skills, he said.
the home minister first claimed that farmers were not killed in police firing.
later he accepted that farmers were killed in police firing.
this shows the government wanted to shrug off the issue, singh said.
prime minister shri narendra modi (file photo) prime minister shri narendra modi (file photo)prime minister narendra modi will attend the concluding function of narmada seva yatra on monday.
he will release a road-map for steps to be taken for the revival of the river, which is seen as madhya pradesh and gujarats lifeline.
the madhya pradesh government has made arrangements to bring tens of thousands of people to attend the function.
the yatra was flagged off on december 11 as part of a campaign to clean the narmada.
it will conclude at amarkantak, where the river originates from.
tibetan spiritual leader dalai lama, bjp chief amit shah, union minister rajnath singh, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, saints, water conservationists, film stars and artists have attended various legs of the yatra.
officials said that around 200 people have been part of the yatra to create awareness for keeping the river clean.
the government had earlier announced that sewage will not be allowed to flow into the river.
officials said that over 24 lakh people have so far attended 1,000-plus programmes held as part of the yatra.
about 80,000 volunteers have registered themselves for the campaign.
on july 2, saplings will be planted on the banks of the river.
the state assembly had earlier passed a resolution declaring the holy river a living entity.
liquor shops located within five km of the river have been shifted.
the congress has dismissed the campaign as a political yatra and accused the government of misusing funds for development and welfare to make modis visit successful.
opposition leader ajay singh said that over 5,300 buses have been arranged to bring more than two lakh people for the function.
the congress has alleged that chouhan and his family have benefited from carrying out illegal mining in the river.
eggs were banned from midday meals, the only nutritious meals for lakhs of children across the country, after chief minister shivrajchouhan had vowed not to allow eggs in anganwadi and school meals.
eggs were banned from midday meals, the only nutritious meals for lakhs of children across the country, after chief minister shivrajchouhan had vowed not to allow eggs in anganwadi and school meals.
while a registrar general of india survey reveals that more men, and nearly half the women, of madhya pradesh have a non-vegetarian diet, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan is learnt to have agreed with a jain saint about the need to keep midday meals at schools free of eggs, and has promised to raise the issue with the authorities.
the recent survey, however, goes against this perception.
it has found that 51.
1 per cent men and 47.
7 per cent women in mp are non-vegetarians, and right to food activists say the figures could be more if the sc/st populations are surveyed properly.
schools and anganwadis in mp have withdrawn eggs following a directive from the state government.
but insisting that consumption of eggs has adverse impact on health, acharya vidyasagar, a prominent jain saint, asked the speaker to impress upon the centre to reconsider the policy to include eggs in midday meals.
watch video: whats making newsmahajan, a lok sabha member from indore in mp, had called on vidyasagar at kundalpur in damoh district sunday.
it was learnt that the jain saint suggested that bananas or other fruit with more nutrients should replace eggs in the midday meal.
agreeing that eggs should not be made compulsory, mahajan promised to raise the issue with appropriate authorities, sandesh jain, the working president of kundalpur mahotsava samiti, told the indian express.
eggs were banned from midday meals, the only nutritious meals for lakhs of children across the country, after chief minister shivrajchouhan had vowed not to allow eggs in anganwadi and school meals to honour a promise he had earlier made to jain saints.
chouhan, a sworn vegetarian, made the promise while addressing the jain community in 2010.
last year, chouhan had asserted that eggs will not be introduced in midday meals in the bjp-governed state as long i am the cm of madhya pradesh.
stressing that mp is among the states with a high percentage of malnourished children, right to food campaigner sachin jain said opposition to eggs, a natural source of protein, is driven by political ideology and is bereft of ground reality, as brought out by the survey.
but guna-based digambar jain mahasamiti member anil badkul said, the sample must have been taken from a place populated by non-vegetarians.
state government will establish special coaching centres for sc (scheduled caste) and st (scheduled tribe) students to ensure their admission in educational institutions of national repute.
watch what else is in the newsthe chief minister was inaugurating state level leadership camp of the talented students belonging to sc/st communities.
chouhan reiterated that the state government would deposit fee of sc/st students on their selection in the iits, iims, national law colleges, medical institutes or any other educational institute of national repute.
he announced launch of mukhyamantri vidushi yojana under which 50 girls of sc/st communities would be selected from class sixth and the state government would bear education expenses these girls up to their higher studies.
chief minister said that his government would develop the infrastructure and provide equipment of international level for sports training centres set up for sc/st students after identifying games of their interests.
he told the gathering of sc/st students that bharat darshan (india tour) would be organised from next financial year for the students selected for the state level leadership camp.
similarly, those getting admission in colleges would be provided a smart phone, he added.
during the programme, chouhan honoured the talented students of sc/st communities.
the state level leadership camp for the talented students of sc/st communities is organised every year by state government.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan today attributed the bjps victory in bypolls on two seats in the state to prime minister narendra modis development policies.
describing the saffron partys victory in the shahdol lok sabha and nepanagar assembly seats as unprecedented, he said opposition congress tried very hard to snatch the two constituencies but failed to do so, thanks to support the ruling party got from the voters.
the victory shows people have full faith in modijis policies and therefore they have voted for his development initiatives, he said.
instead, the party leaders and workers will garland the statues of bjp leaders like pandit deendayal upadhyaya, kushabhau thakre and rajmata vijayaraje scindia.
state bjp president nandkumar singh chouhan and public relations minister narottam mishra, among others, were present on the occasion.
the bypolls in shahdol and nepanagar were seen as the first electoral test for bjp after the demonetisation of high values notes announced by modi on november 8.
chouhan, however, made no mention about the anti-black money measure during interaction with the media post-victory.
b'the madhya pradesh assembly was today adjourned for the day following ruckus by opposition congress demanding home minister uma shankar guptas resignation on the issue of gangrape of a swiss woman in datia district on march 15.
as the house assembled for the day,congress members,led by deputy leader of the congress legislature party (clp) choudhary rakesh singh chaturvedi,dressed in black clothes bearing the caption mp number one in rape cases, created bedlam raising slogans against government and demanded the ministers resignation.
however,industries minister kailash vijaywargiya,parliamentary affairs minister narottam mishra and panchayatminister gopal bhargava opposed the congress members and requested them to allow the question hour to proceed.
but congress members then reached the well of the house raising slogans while pressing for guptas resignation.
however,congress members insisted that the matter will be taken up only after the home minister resigns from his post.
when the congress members did not relent and persisted with their demand,speaker ishwardas rohani first adjourned the house for half-an-hour.
later,when the house resumed,the opposition membersagain created an uprorar following which the speaker adjourned it till 11.
30 am.
when the house assembled after the question hour,congress members again raised the issue of guptas resignation vociferously and amid the din,the speaker transacted the listed business without any discussion.
later,when the opposition did not heed to the chairs request for order,the speaker adjourned the house for the day.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
(express file photo by amit mehra) madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
(express file photo by amit mehra)its not often that you get to question a chief minister on a sensitive topic like reservation in educational institutions and providing facilities like free laptops based on the caste of students.
mamaji, please dont bring caste into education, a student said using the sobriquet the madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan answers to while complaining that a friend belonging to reserved category will get a laptop despite scoring three per cents less than him.
the cm spent some uncomfortable moments when the young questioner turned slightly aggressive repeating mamaji caste, mamaji caste, and wondered why he wont get the laptop despite studying for the same length of time and scoring 80 per cent, three per cent more than his friend.
the interaction took place when the cm was taking questions from students across the state in a `live phone in programme and also took questions from students present at model school auditorium in bhopal.
the uncomfortable question made the official uneasy and they intervened in a bid to silence the student who appeared to cut short the cm by stressing on caste thrice.
`please make it equal for all, the student said as other students cheered him.
asking officials not to intervene and taking a few seconds to reply, the cm justified reservation saying, some people were left way behind and we should not complain if they are given some concessions,.
our country has flowers of different colours.
we need to take care and protect all.
at least one more student highlighted the caste angle wondering why only reserved category students were eligible for concessions like laptop despite scoring less compared with general category students.
the madhya pradesh government has approached the ed to probe the exchange of old currency notes via fake bake bank accounts.
the madhya pradesh government has approached the ed to probe the exchange of old currency notes via fake bake bank accounts.
the madhya pradesh government is mulling approaching the enforcement directorate (ed) to probe the alleged exchange of old currency notes via fake bank accounts at a branch of a private bank in katni district, officials said on friday.
some elements have exchanged currency (old notes) through fake bank accounts at a bank at katni by forging the documents.
the state government has decided that the ed should be urged to look into all these cases, said an officer of the mp governments public relations department.
watch what else is making news:accordingly, the ed has been apprised of these cases of alleged money laundering, the official added.
he said an inquiry earlier by a special investigation team (sit) revealed about this alleged exchange of old notes through fake accounts in four cases registered by police under relevant ipc sections.
in light of the facts revealed in this (sit) inquiry, the state government found it necessary to get the probe conducted into these alleged money laundering cases by the ed, he said.
the ed was apprised about these cases following chief minister shivrajchouhan statement in this regard on thursday, when he said the police have limited powers to probe such matters, but their (polices) investigation would continue.
notably, as the probe in the cases was on, superintendent of police, katni, gaurav tiwari was transferred on january 9.
mandsaur: a scene after violent clashes between farmers and the police at pipliya in mandsaur district of mp on tuesday.
at least five farmers were killed and four others injured in firing by police on farmers, who have been protesting for a week demanding loan waiver and fair price for their produce.
(source: pti) mandsaur: a scene after violent clashes between farmers and the police at pipliya in mandsaur district of mp on tuesday.
at least five farmers were killed and four others injured in firing by police on farmers, who have been protesting for a week demanding loan waiver and fair price for their produce.
(source: pti)backtracking on his earlier claim, madhya pradesh home minister bhupendra singh on thursday for the first time admitted that the five farmers who were killed in mandsaur died due to police firing.
death of the five farmers was due to police firing.
it has been established in probe.
i have said earlier that the farmers may have died in police firing.
i have conceded this earlier, various channels have also ran it, singh said.
singh initially denied claims that the farmers died in police firing.
he said that anti-social elements had infiltrated the farmers protest and fired at the crowd.
when asked about rahul gandhis visit to mandsaur today, singh said: why does rahul fandhi want to come here?
the government has accepted all the demands of the farmers.
the congress vice-president, along with jdu leader sharad yadav, have left for the mandsaur to visit the families of the farmers killed in the firing.
on wednesday, the congress and centre traded charges over the issue.
the centre accused the congress of politicising the issue, and claimed that there was a conspiracy behind the protests taking a violent turn.
farmers of mp are peace-loving.
they do not indulge in violent activities.
there is a conspiracy behind this entire incident.
those who do not want peace and prosperity in the state and can not see the bjp government functioning smoothly are behind this incident, rural development minister narender singh tomar said.
the congress charged the bjp-led government at centre and state of throttling the voice of the farmers.
addressing a news conference in new delhi, congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi said: the bjp has almost been acting like a curse of death for indian farmers, literally  not figuratively.
distressed farmers are viewed by heartless bjp virtually as fodder for opening fire upon.
the same day protests spread from mandsaur to other districts in madhya pradesh, with protesters indulging in arson and violence.
vehicles were torched, roads and railway tracks were blocked as protests entered the seventh day.
the government also announced that a commission would be set up to fix a formula to ensure a fair price for crops by deducting agricultural costs.
chouhan gave orders to immediately constitute a rs 1000-crore price stabilisation fund.
he also announced that tur, urad and moong would be purchased from farmers from june 10 to june 30.
over the last four days, protesters have damaged shops, blocked traffic and in at least one case beaten up an owner.
over the last four days, protesters have damaged shops, blocked traffic and in at least one case beaten up an owner.
as protests against liquor shops, led primarily by women, continued across madhya pradesh, some leaders from the ruling bjp asked the state government to declare prohibition in the state.
on tuesday, finance minister jayant malaiya said, we may think of prohibition next year if people continue their protests.
the supreme court order barring sale of liquor near highways, coupled with the state governments own ban on liquor shops within 500 meters of the narmada, have necessitated relocation of nearly 1500 shops.
but many owners say they are finding it difficult to choose a new location due to the continuing protests.
over the last four days, protesters have damaged shops, blocked traffic and in at least one case beaten up an owner.
the protests have become a law and order issue in raisen, chhatarpur, satna, mandsaur, dewas, narsighpur, morena, rewa and vidisha, among other towns and districts.
the finance minister said collectors have been told to ensure that the shops are shifted to locations that cause least inconvenience to the people.
rural development minister gopal bhargavas son abhishek, an office-bearer in bjps youth wing, criticised chief minister shivrajchouhan for failing to take a call on imposing prohibition.
your indecision on such a big issue is surprising, abhishek posted on facebook.
announcing formation of anti-liquor squads with the help of women and the youth, abhishek said his campaign for prohibition will begin after navratri.
the minister, however, said his son is free to comment on social media but it is neither his nor the state governments view to impose prohibition.
it (prohibition) will cost us revenue, and, besides, illicit liquor dens will proliferate, he said.
mp has not issued licence for new liquor outlets since 2010.
it has banned new distilleries.
kamalabhai mewade, 80, was beaten by madhya pradesh police.
(screengrab/youtube) kamalabhai mewade, 80, was beaten by madhya pradesh police.
(screengrab/youtube)during last weeks agitation in madhya pradesh over the killing of six protesters in police firing, an 80-year old woman claimed she along with her 100-year old husband were beaten up by the police.
according to a report by ndtv, the woman, kamalabhai mewade, who had a swollen face and a fractured arm, said the police accused her of being in league with the protesters from a farmers rally at phanda kalan village near sehore.
mewade said the police were chasing protesters who took a short cut through her compound, after which the police started accusing her of helping the protesters.
they said buddhi (old woman), you ordered that trucks be set on fire, you set the place ablaze, the woman was quoted by ndtv as saying.
i told them that i cannot move from my cot.
i have had a rod inserted in my leg and i have been sitting here for the last one-and-a-half years.
still, they beat me up, she added.
she also said that her son and four grandsons were arrested illegally by the police.
mewade said that she and her husband shivcharan mewada will go on fast until chief minister shivrajchouhan come up to meet her.
i will not eat till the chief minister comes and meets me, ndtv quoted her as saying.
she further told reporters that she went to meet the chief minister but was denied a meeting by the officials.
according to the report, principal secretary s k mishra has said that he will investigate the incident.
six farmers were killed in a police firing at a rally in mandsaur, where the farmers were demanding the government to waive off loans and provide better price for the crops.
the incident triggered violent agitations in the state, with protesters resorting to burning vehicles and vandalism.
hemant katare wins his fathers seat.
hemant katare wins his fathers seat.
the ruling bjp in madhya pradesh easily retained bandhavgarh thursday while the opposition congress barely managed to hold on to ater  a high-stakes byelection that had renewed the debate about evms following allegations of tampering of these as well as vvpat machines during a trial.
congress candidate hemant katare won ater by just 857 votes after a keen contest that was decided in the last round, with poll officials taking extra precautions.
unlike bandhavgarh, whose outcome was declared several hours earlier, aters result could be declared only towards the evening with bjp candidate arvind bhadoria demanding recounting.
ater in bhind district was probably the only election in recent history when the ruling party accused the election commission of favouring an opposition party during the run-up.
april 9, polling day, also saw violence.
after allegations were raised about the impartiality of officers, the ec transferred out 19 officials, including the district collector and the superintendent of police, and hours before the first vote was cast removed shos of six police stations.
the ater byelection was necessitated by the death of hemants father satyadev katare, leader of the opposition in the mp assembly.
on polling day, hemant alleged that he was attacked by bjp activists and each party accused the other of booth-capturing.
their demand for a repoll in certain booths was rejected by the ec, which had earlier rejected the allegations of tampering of machines by carrying out a detailed probe.
the byelection had become a prestige issue for the ruling party with chief minister shivrajchouhan addressing a slew of meetings and camping in the constituency till the very end.
congress chief whip in lok sabha jyotiraditya scindia, whose area of influence includes the constituency, too had put in a lot of effort, occasionally cooking and eating with the poor.
in an attempt to target jyotiraditya scindia, the cm went back to the past to say the scindia clan had sided with the british while the local population had stood with rani lakshmibai in the first war of independence.
jyotiradiya chose not to comment but his aunt yashodhara scindia, who is a minister in mp government, reacted sharply, equating it with an insult to her mother and bjp stalwart rajmata scindia.
its a victory of dharma over adharma, said hemant about his victory.
he claimed that the elections were held impartially,unlike in the past.
he also credited jyotiradityas charismatic leadership for his victory.
the bjp attributed his victory to sympathy for his father,the bsp, which had won over 17 per cent of the votes in 2013, did not field a candidate, thereby facilitating a transfer of its votes to the two main parties.
there were only 275 nota votes.
hemant got 59,228 votes (48 per cent) while bhadoria, a former mla, got 58,371 votes (47 per cent).
at 857, hemants victory margin was much lower than 2013.
the congress concentrated mainly on ater, with bandhavgarh seen as a bjp stronghold.
that bypoll was necessitated by sitting mla gyan singhs resignation after his election to shahdol lok sabha constituency in a parliamentary bypoll.
the bjp fielded singhs son shivnarayan while the congress fielded savitri singh.
shivnarayan got 74,356 votes (55 ) and savitri 48,880 (36 ).
as many as 3,194 voters chose nota option in bandhavgarh.
a day after the madhya pradesh government alleged that the gujarat government caused artificial flooding in badwani and dhar districts by not releasing water from the sardar sarovar dam, the opposition bjp on wednesday accused the mps kamal nath government of causing a man-made disaster in other parts of the state by not releasing water from the gandhi sagar dam, located in mandsaur district.
advertisingmp public relations minister p c sharma had on tuesday accused gujarat of continuing to store water in the sardar sarovar dam to ensure it reaches a full level ahead of prime minister narendra modis birthday on tuesday.
the backwaters caused flooding in two districts leaving thousands homeless and damaged property and crops.
the minister said gujarat had disregarded the schedule fixed by the narmada control authority (nca), according to which, a water level of 138.
68 metres should have only been reached on october 15.
on wednesday, former chief minister shivrajchouhan , who has visited flood-affected mandsaur, neemuch, morena, sheopur and bhind districts over several days alleged that the government should have started releasing water from the gandhi sagar dam on the chambal river gradually.
he said the congress government did not follow the schedule of releasing and storing water.
