bus crash kills 10jodhpur, aug.
31 (pti): ten pilgrims were killed and 34 injured when a bus carrying them collided head-on with a truck in rajasthans pali district today.
the bus carrying 45 passengers from different villages of udaipur was returning from a shrine near pokhran, pali district magistrate rohit gupta said.
the accident took place apparently as the driver of one of the vehicles dozed off at the wheel.
the truck driver is missing while the bus driver died in the crash.
boman callmumbai (pti): actor boman irani has been provided police protection after he allegedly received a threat call from fugitive underworld don ravi pujari.
iranis movie happy new year, in which he co-stars with shah rukh khan, is scheduled for release in october.
sop for copsindore (pti): madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan has assured policemen in the state that his government will soon implement a scheme to provide assistance to their children for higher education.
he also said the state government has decided to reserve 30 per cent posts for women in the police force.
goa beachespanaji (pti): the goa state tourism department has hired a private agency for cleaning beaches from monday.
the agency will clean a beach belt of around 60km, out of a 105km stretch, state tourism minister dilip parulekar said.
teachers heldpalghar (pti): two teachers of a private school in maharashtras palghar have been arrested for allegedly beating students.
three children had committed suicide after they were subjected to corporal punishment, police said.
the teachers were released on bail later.
two other teachers had been arrested on thursday.
chopper casenew delhi: (pti): italian defence firm finmeccannica, facing a cbi probe in india, has claimed that a court in italy hearing the vvip chopper scam has accepted its request for monetary measures in the case against its subsidiary company agustawestland and imposed a fine of over rs 62 crore on it.
savita probedublin, nov.
20: ireland today appointed a seven-member team to probe the death of savita halappanavar, who was denied an abortion despite miscarrying.
hours later, it dropped three doctors from the team because savitas husband praveen objected to their presence.
the three are employees of galway hospital where savita died.
london-based sabaratnam arulkumaran, one of the worlds leading authorities on foetal monitoring and maternal health, heads the team.
open courtnew delhi: the supreme court has agreed to take up in open court a review petition filed by the union government challenging a judgment that only sitting or retired chief justices of high courts or retired apex court judges could head central and state information commissions.
satellite aidkanchipuram (pti): the asi is using satellite mapping technology to try and protect monuments for posterity, an official has said while inaugurating the world heritage week and a photography exhibition.
divorce ordermadurai (pti): a bench of madras high court has ruled that a man, though jobless, should pay maintenance to his wife as ordered by a court in a divorce case.
the husband cannot claim he is poor to dodge his responsibility of paying maintenance to his wife, the court said.
the step is being taken to control sexual harassment, he said.
holiday hiccupsnew delhi, nov.
20 (pti): indians prefer work to vacations, a survey says.
they tend to either cancel their holidays for urgent assignments or work in office even on off-days.
such holiday habits have made india the worlds fourth most vacation-deprived nation.
us hindu daywashington (pti): a florida city has declared november 17 as the kashmiri hindu heritage day.
the mayor said it is a tribute to the 5 lakh kashmiri hindus, who moved to the us after being displaced by terrorism.
yusuf khatri gets an award from then president apj abdul kalam.
file picture bhopal, jan.
30: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan has succeeded in dissuading an acclaimed family of craft artists from leaving the country over communal violence.
assaulted recently, the khatris of dhar were so fed up with frequent communal violence that they contemplated moving to the us.
however, minutes after the local media made the khatris' intentions public, the chief minister phoned them and gave a personal assurance of safety.
the khatris then received a call from home minister babulal gaur who ordered round-the-clock security for the family.
the khatris - yusuf, farooq, qadir, daud and zatun bi - are recipients of national and international awards for reviving and giving a new meaning to the rustic block printing craft of bagh (vegetable dye-making).
the khatris are credited with bringing back to the world stage the nearly 1,000-year-old forgotten tribal art.
yusuf's father ismail redefined its concept, process and look, using motifs inspired by 1,500-year-old paintings found in caves.
earlier this month, when clashes took place in dhar, yusuf, qadir and daud khatri were beaten up.
after speaking to gaur, yusuf said: i love my country.
i was born here and want to die here.
now i have been assured that there will be no repetition of what happened and we won't be made victims again.
the khatris have relatives and an outlet in santa fe, new mexico.
tension is running high in dhar, a district near indore, in the run-up to february 12 when basant panchami, an auspicious day for hindus, coincides with the friday prayers of muslims at an 11th century monument called bhojshala.
according to a central government order, hindus are allowed to enter the monument every tuesday and on basant panchami while muslims can offer juma prayers on fridays.
this time round, basant panchami is coinciding with friday prayers.
an outfit called the hindu jagran manch had told chouhan to either hand over the bhojshala premises to a festival committee or allow only friday prayers on february 12.
we do not wish to share our auspicious puja with the other faith.
if the government cannot ensure smooth passage, it should let us know in advance.
we will hold the puja elsewhere, rajesh shukla, the convener of the manch, said.
in 2006 and in 2013, basant panchami had coincided with friday prayers but on both occasions, chouhan had succeeded in facilitating the prayers of both communities.
participating in a programme on abp news, bjp national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya, who hails from indore, said chouhan had spoken to him on the need for maintaining peace and order in dhar during basant panchami.
we will ensure that the rule of law is respected, vijayvargiya said.
bhopal, june 29: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan plans to announce the creation of a happiness ministry when he expands his cabinet tomorrow.
chouhan, keen to become the country's first minister for happiness, will supervise 70 social programmes that include the lok sewa guarantee (for hassle-free services), ladli laxmi (for girl child), kanyadan yojana (for weddings) and teerth darshan (free pilgrimages for senior citizens).
according to chouhan, who holds a master's degree in philosophy, happiness does not come into the lives of people merely with materialistic possessions or development but by infusing positivity in their lives so that they don't take extreme steps like suicide in distress.
madhya pradesh has in recent months witnessed a large number of suicides, mostly by schoolchildren who were afraid of failure in examinations.
it ranks third, after maharashtra and telangana, in farmer suicides.
a policeman confronts a farmer during the protest on the indore-bhopal highway on friday.
(pti) bhopal, june 9: chief minister shivrajchouhan today invited the leaders of the agitating farmers for talks tomorrow, while arson attacks continued at many places in madhya pradesh and another death was reported from protest hub mandsaur.
ghanashyam dhakad, a 26-year-old farmer, was said to be on his way to a temple last night when some policemen allegedly thrashed him with sticks.
he was declared dead this morning at a private hospital in indore, more than 200km away.
mandsaur superintendent of police manoj kumar singh and collector o.p. srivastava said dhakad's death was being investigated.
police firing had killed five farmers in the district on tuesday.
people can come and discuss everything with me.
i shall be available until we reach a conclusion, he told a news conference in bhopal this evening.
farmer leader shiv kumar sharma of the rashtriya kisan mazdoor sangh - kakkaji to his supporters - cautiously welcomed the talks offer.
shivraj singh chouhan in bhopal on friday.
(pti) we have been watching this kind of drama for the past 11 years (chouhan became chief minister in late 2005), sharma said, alluding to past farmer protests and what he claims were empty government assurances that followed.
sharma said: but if chouhan can solve the problem, we'll appreciate it.
we welcome the move.
the centre today asked the states adjoining madhya pradesh to guard against the protest spreading.
several farmer bodies in rajasthan and punjab have threatened agitations if their demands are not met.
kakkaji, who was once close to the sangh-bjp, alleged that the arson that had followed tuesday's police firing had been orchestrated by the cops themselves to tarnish the farmers.
the police and their aides set fire to vehicles, he said.
chouhan, however, continues to blame anti-social elements for the violence and has threatened strict action against those threatening peace.
several videos surfaced today purporting to show state congress leaders instigating mobs to attack or burn police stations.
one of the videos claims to show congress mla shakuntala khatik in shivpuri, 400km from mandsaur, trying to burn chouhan's effigy and, when the police stop her, telling a mob:  thane mein aag laga do (torch the police station).
another video appears to feature heated exchanges between jeetu patwari, congress mla from indore, and subdivisional magistrate sandeep soni, who is heard reminding the lawmaker that he had promised a peaceful protest.
in reply, patwari accuses the police of getting violent with peaceful protesters.
a third video purports to show d.p. dhakad, a congress politician from ratlam, asking a mob to burn government vehicles on the industrial training institute's premises.
ratlam sp amit singh vouched for the authenticity of the video and said a case had been registered against dhakad.
several buses, trucks and cars were burnt on the bhopal-indore highway.
at phanda on the state capital's outskirts, the police fired tear gas and caned a mob of arsonists.
farmers had blocked the highway near a toll plaza at 10am.
when the police tried to drag the squatters away, the protesters went on the rampage.
reinforcements were sent in and, by noon, over 100 people including a district congress head, avnish bhargav, had been arrested.
large-scale violence was reported also from shujalpur and shajapur, where 125 protesters have been taken into custody.
the local media had this morning carried photographs of monica shukla, shajapur superintendent of police, throwing stones at a mob yesterday.
shukla, who was part of uma bharati's security when the sadhvi was chief minister in 2003-04, said she had acted in self-defence.
three aam aadmi party politicians - bhagwant mann, ashutosh and sanjay singh - were denied entry into mandsaur district, as rahul gandhi had been yesterday.
collector srivastava said no political leader from outside mandsaur were allowed to enter the district even between 10am and 6pm, when curfew was relaxed today.
chauhan ralliesgopalganj/chhapra, may 3: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan today appealed to voters to defeat the congress and its allies and vote for bjp for a better and prosperous india under the stewardship of narendra modi.
he addressed meetings at mohammadpur in gopalganj and parsa in saran parliamentary constituency.
jab vaada nahi nibhaya to saath kya nibhana (when promises were not kept why side with such a party or person), he said.
choubey claimpatna: senior bjp leader ashwini kumar choubey on saturday predicted the fall of the nitish kumar government on may 21 owing to his (nitishs) misdeeds.
the nitish government would fall on may 21.
i am saying it on the basis of my intuition and not on the basis of astrology, choubey said.
meira visitpatna: bihar pradesh congress committee (bpcc) spokesperson suman kumar malik said meira kumar would campaign for party candidates in parliamentary constituencies of valmikinagar, gopalganj, saran and muzaffarpur.
condolencespatna: bihar congress chief ashok choudhary and other party leaders expressed grief over the demise of party leader nawal kishore singh alias jhula jee.
meetingspatna: the bjp on saturday said state vice-president and spokesperson sanjay mayukh, sushma swaraj and mangal pandey would address election meetings at sheohar and gopalganj on sunday.
muzaffarpur national vice-president c.p. thakur and former minister ashwini kumar choubey would address meetings at sitamarhi, gopalganj, and basantpur and bhagwanpur in maharajganj.
arms racketmunger (pti): an arms supplier identified as raju chaudhury, was arrested with arms and ammunition at jahaj ghat in naxalite-hit munger district on saturday, police said.
new delhi, oct.
10: the congress today seized on narendra modi's statement that vijaya dashami this year would be very special to argue that the prime minister had joined other members of his party and government in milking the army's surgical strikes across the border for political gain.
congress communications chief randeep surjewala said: yesterday modi made an indirect comment but joined the queue of bjp leaders and cabinet ministers who have tried to exploit the army's valour for political gain.
the prime minister did not explicitly refer to the surgical strikes in yesterday's speech.
surjewala added: the modi government has committed the crime of giving a bjp colour to the indian army's valour.
the bjp is using the soldiers' sacrifices for political dividends.
the soldier sacrifices his life in the service of the country, not to enhance the 56-inch chest to a 100-inch chest.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan had, while congratulating modi for the strikes on terror launch pads across the line of control, said that the 56-inch chest had now swelled to 100 inches.
last week party vice-president rahul gandhi had angered the bjp when he accused the narendra modi government of hiding behind soldiers' blood and asked it not to do  dalali with their sacrifice.
today, surjewala brought up a strike codenamed operation ginger across the loc on september 30, 2011 - when the upa was in power - whose details have come out only now.
the political leadership did not make a song and dance about it.
the military carried out similar strikes in the past.
former army chief general bikram singh, lt gen.
p.n. hoon and lt gen.
h.s. panag have also confirmed this has happened in the past.
but for the first time, the bjp is snatching the credit from the army.
the congress sought an apology from the prime minister, defence minister manohar parrikar and telecom minister ravi shankar prasad and bjp chief amit shah for insulting the army's valour through the lie that soldiers had crossed the line of control for the first time.
they want to undermine the glorious history of the army, surjewala said.
pointing to the posters and hoardings that have come up in poll-bound uttar pradesh and punjab, surjewala said: soldiers sacrifice their lives and modi is projected as lord ram.
the valour of the army is being used to stretch modi's chest from 56 inches to 100 inches.
manohar parrikar is being felicitated, from goa to lucknow.
the bjp and the government should forthwith stop this shameless exploitation of soldiers' valour.
bsp duo join party two senior bahujan samaj party (bsp) leaders today joined the congress, in a blow to mayawati before the uttar pradesh elections and a boost to the national party which does not have many backward caste leaders.
brijlal khabri, a former lok sabha and rajya sabha member and a bsp general secretary, is a dalit.
dhruv ram, three-time mla and former minister, is from the lodhi community.
both alleged that they had to quit because mayawati sells party tickets.
the same allegation had been levelled by two other senior leaders, swami prasad maurya and r.k. chaudhary, who quit the bsp recently.
khabri, who said he was with the bsp for 32 years, said: i had to leave because i was not in a position to arrange the money asked for.
i had earlier managed the amount for the lok sabha election in 2014.
he took the moral high ground today and said: babban chouhan from mughalsarai was asked for rs 2 crore for an assembly ticket.
we joined kanshi ram for a cause, for a mission.
after his death, mayawati changed the party's culture.
we wanted to fight for social equality, not for empowering one leader.
she has derailed the mission.
dhruv ram went farther: nobody is spared, they couldn't ask me directly as i was one of the founder members and hence asked for 'margin money'.
i said, 'what is margin money?
' money is taken for every post, up to the nagar palika level.
if mayawati doesn't take money, ask her to swear by lord buddha, ambedkar and kanshi ram, we will accept her version.
we saved her when mulayam's goondas tried to kill her and today.
.
.
paisa sab kuchh ho gaya (money is everything).
ganga probenew delhi, jan.
11 (pti): the prime ministers office has asked the union environment ministry to probe the reasons behind increasing pollution in the ganga, taking note of a complaint by an environmental scientist.
b.d. tripathi, a member of the national ganga river basin authority, had last month written to the prime minister to draw attention towards the condition of the river in varanasi.
parole ordermumbai (pti): a convict in the 1993 bombay blasts will be released on parole for a month to take care of his ailing wife, the government has informed bombay high court.
mujib parkar has already served half of his five-year term.
his release follows a similar relief granted to sanjay dutt, who was sentenced in an arms case.
puff finebhopal (pti): madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajchouhan conducted surprise inspection of several government offices in bhopal on friday.
chouhan got a joint director in the town and country planning department fined for smoking inside his office, sources said.
drug chargedurban (pti): an indian-origin woman in south africa, a chutney trader, is facing charges of being part of a multi-million rand drug syndicate.
umie mahomed has denied any involvement after being arrested with 11 others during a raid in the suburbs of umhlanga rocks.
piracy cuffsthiruvananthapuram (pti): a high school student in kerala has been arrested for illegally uploading a latest mohanlal-starrer malayalam film, which is running to packed houses, on the internet.
anti-piracy sleuths nabbed the teenager on friday for posting drishyam on a social networking site, sources said.
train safetythane (pti): the northern railway has installed fog safety devices in around 350 trains to prevent accidents because of low visibility during winter.
the jammu rajdhani and shalimar express are among the trains with fog safety devices, an official has said.
