;;0.1779;;the cm claimed that shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray was convinced with his stand on sustainable development and has decided to withdraw the protest.
;;-0.7717;;fadnavis said the situation was volatile and they need to fight the crisis together.
;;0.0772;;however, they did not submit their letters to the chief minister, stating that they would only resign if the party chief asked them to.
;;0.5574;;speaking in the legislative council, fadnavis said the government was positive about revoking the suspension.
;;0.5574;;we are positive about withdrawing the suspension, and will take a decision on saturday, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said that earlier this week, a meeting to discuss this issue was held in the legislative council chairmans chamber.
;;-0.802;;in his hour-long reply to the debate on drought in the state and resultant agrarian crisis, fadnavis said the situation in the state could get worse after january.
;;0.296;;cm fadnavis has announced the state will initiate long-term measures, including overhaul of infrastructure such as storage facilities, weather prediction stations and alert mechanisms.
;;0.5267;;on new years eve, chief minister devendrafadnavis told ht that this year his governments top priority will be to deliver promises by completing projects wherein work had started or which had received all sanctions.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, minutes after the results of the up election were announced, his government was stable and there will be no mid-term polls in the state.
;;0.0;;it will be the convergence of ideas, leaders and businesses, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, on friday, said any discrepancies would be addressed during the ongoing budget session.
;;-0.0572;;we dont want the same thing to happen with this reservation, fadnavis said.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , too, while addressing a function of government employees last thursday said the reduced rate of suicides was the result of efficiency shown by government staff.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told ht that drought like situation would be announced for 8,000 to 14,000 villages in the state by mid-september, on the basis of the average rainfall.
;;0.5574;;speaking in the legislative council, fadnavis had said the government was positive about revoking the suspension.
;;0.5574;;we are positive about withdrawing the suspension, and will take a decision on saturday, fadnavis had said.
;;0.0;;the congress chief said he prefers to have a dialogue with people instead of just delivering speeches.
;;0.2732;;the cm also said his government was ready to accept suggestions from him to improve the condition of peasants but he should avoid playing politics over farm issues.
;;0.7269;;on the eve of the budget session, chief minister devendrafadnavis said he was in favour of transparency in all municipal corporations and agreed to appoint a committee to act as watchdog for the district councils as well.
;;0.296;;fadnavis, however, claimed that his government was stable.
;;-0.4588;;fadnavis said he has agreed to appoint a committee for zilla parishads but why ask for an upa lokayukta when the lokayukta is already in place for filing complaints against corrupt civic officials and corporators.
;;-0.4019;;however, the state already has lokayukta in place where complaints can be filed against civic officials and corporators of all the municipal corporations, fadnavis said.
;;0.1779;;reiterating his stand on loan waiver, fadnavis said there cannot be any comparison between maharashtra and uttar pradesh as the situation and solutions of both the states are completely different.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday said his government was open to suggestions from political parties on ways to stop the spate of farmer suicides in the country.
;;-0.4939;;the pm said the ruling and opposition parties should get together to find a solution to the problem which is very old, deep-rooted and widespreadnothing is bigger than a farmer's life, nothing is bigger than a human life, modi said while replying to an all-party debate in the lok sabha on the suicide of a rajasthan farmer in the national capital.
;;-0.5859;;the pm said he shared the agony of all members of the house over the issue and that all parties need to ponder over where successive governments went wrong in dealing with the agrarian crisis.
;;-0.8126;;farmers are being forced to die miserable deaths, bharatiya janata party (bjp) prime ministerial candidate narendramodi said on thursday in a region which often hits the headlines for farmer suicides.
;;0.6305;;the first guarantee given by any government should be that it will not let farmers die, modi said.
;;-0.765;;modi has often claimed achievements in gujarats agriculture sector that includes low suicide rates of farmers.
;;-0.296;;training his guns at the upa government, modi said that that centre had no right to talk of secularism, when it could not provide answers to the many questions raised by the 1.
;;0.5423;;praising former indian prime minister atal bihari vajpayee, modi said that it was only under vajpayee's government that foundation of state 's development was laid under the mantra -insaniyat, jamhooriyat, kashmiriyat- and that needed to be take forward.
;;0.5994;;targeting arvind kejriwal and defence minister ak antony, modi said that the pakistan is praising three ak's- ak47, ak antony and arvind kejriwal, whose party's official website has an indian map in which half of kashmir has already been given to pakistan.
;;0.0;;05pm: modi asks the crowd to turn on the flashlights on their phone and call for a swacch, sundar karnataka.
;;0.2732;;55pm: modi says his government is committed to welfare of disabled people.
;;0.0;;we decided we would bring electricity to 18,000 houses within 1000 days and we made it happen, says modi.
;;0.4404;;we are doing everything possible to improve connectivity, says pm.
;;0.25;;41pm: congress lacks a forward looking vision for the development of karnataka, says modi.
;;0.2023;;35pm: modi says his government has accorded top priority to next-generation infrastructure and was the first to formulate and aviation policy.
;;0.5719;;but in the last three-four years, india has strengthened its economy and contributed to stabilising world economy too, modi says.
;;0.0;;27pm: modi says bengaluru metropolitan area will be expanded to more places and that resources will be allocated for the re-development of the citys lakes.
;;0.9673;;26pm: modi says bjp promises greater prosperity for farmers, better education, skill development, better opportunities for youth, more industrial development, a positive eco-system for industrial growth, end to politics of dividing society and a safer state for women.
;;0.0;;bjp is grounded and tied to the lives of the common man, pm says.
;;-0.5267;;20pm: modi says that the five aspects of congress rule are dynasty politics, corruption , rampant lawlessness, agrarian distress and division of society.
;;-0.2732;;16pm: karnataka cm carries his character certificate in his briefcase and as soon as charges are levelled, he issues a character certificate, modi says.
;;-0.4588;;his son goes around beating people, pm says.
;;-0.7845;;10pm: modi says, the people of bengaluru must know whose name came up in the unfortunate death of a police officer here.
;;-0.4019;;08pm: modi asks why cm siddaramaiah dislikes bengaluru.
;;0.0;;their initiatives towards water conservation is laudable, says the pm.
;;0.3818;;we believe in the mantra of beta beti ek samaan, says the pm, highlighting the bjps manifesto that promises schemes for womens welfare.
;;0.2732;;we are committed to serve people and would continue to do so, asks modi at the rally.
;;0.7964;;am glad she took the swachhata drive with great zeal and today several women are leading the cleanliness drive across the country, says pm.
;;0.0;;we are connecting distant places through airways, says pm modi.
;;-0.4939;;13pm: modi says after coming to power in karnataka, the shameful congress even did not spare schoolchildren.
;;0.0;;they selected students on the grounds of caste for trips and excursions, says the pm.
;;-0.9042;;it is the nda government that has got a death penalty for child rapists, says the pm.
;;0.5106;;40pm: 10 lakh families got free gas connection after we came to power at the centre, says modi.
;;0.6597;;31pm: modi says saints, seers and mutts have played a key role in making the society of karnataka progressive and harmonious.
;;-0.4767;;when the state was suffering due to droughts, ministers handling key portfolios were busy in delhi doing politics, says the pm.
;;-0.3182;;all they are bothered about is their votes, says modi.
;;-0.6486;;15pm: congress leaders are thinking about what excuses they will make after the defeat in the state -- faulty evms or other such reasons, says the pm.
;;-0.5267;;13pm: modi says the people of karnataka have decided to punish the congress in the elections.
;;0.0;;sixty-seven years after independence, when prime minister narendramodi announced the saansad adarsh gram yojana, it was a step in empowering villages by integrating the efforts of political leaders and the people.
;;0.4019;;pm to address 10 ralliesbharatiya janata party president amit shah said prime minister narendramodi would address 10 election rallies starting from october 4.
;;-0.8807;;less than a week after prime minister narendramodi announced compensation of `5 lakh each to the kin of the 1984 sikh riots victims, former punjab chief minister rajinder kaur bhattal has asked the prime minister to compensate families of victims of 2002 riots in gujarat also.
;;0.6486;;she has placed the complaint in front of me as she has the confidence that only i can address it, modi said to laughs.
;;-0.4404;;our indian shops are full of chinese goods, he (modi) wears a chinese watch, he sits in the swing with the chinese president in gujarat and then china attacks india at doklam and modi says nothing.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced that the loan would be waived in the first meeting of state cabinet.
;;0.6249;;we must strive to reach the global level, modi said, saying this was necessary to ensure food security for the countrys rising population.
;;-0.6486;;modi said the country had to import timber but lakhs of hectares of land was wasted because of fences erected by people along their fields.
;;-0.2144;;i understand their problem but this is only for 50 days, modi had said in rallies in gujarat and goa, referring to the long queues at atms and the acute scarcity of cash in cities and towns.
;;0.0;;he told those capitalists that if you make me the prime minister, i will do what i did in gujarat in the whole of india, rahul said.
;;-0.5267;;continuing with his attack on pm for making false promises, rahul asked, narendra modi ne dhai saal mein kamjor, yuva, kisan aur majdoor ke liye kya kiya (in the past two-and-a-half years, what has modi for the weaker section, youth, farmers or labourers)?
;;-0.2263;;addressing the people during a roadshow here, the congress vice president said, though the common man elected modi as the prime minister, after the elections he has forgotten the farmers, the dalits, the unemployed youths.
;;-0.0286;;but you cannot forget the interests of other people of the country, rahul said during the roadshow, which is part of his 2,500-km kisan yatra in poll-bound uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;the congress vice president, who was addressing villagers during a khaat sabha at puwaya tuesday night, said prime minister narendra modi had made cows nothing but an election stunt.
;;-0.4767;;the sad president said it was not the first time that the congress had lied to the people by making tall promises.
;;-0.1027;;the sad president said the punjab government had already done what amarinder was promising to the farmers.
;;0.0;;vishal srivastavwhile addressing the public in unnao as part of his kisan yatra on thursday, congress vice-president rahulgandhi asked why union finance minister arun jaitley had not given a speech on loans waived by his government.
;;0.6908;;reminding the gathering that the upa government had waived farmers loans worth around rs 70,000 crore, rahul said that congress leaders including him, the then prime minister manmohan singh as well as party president sonia gandhi had held a big rally to inform the public about loan waivers.
;;0.0;;50pm: my first priority is the people of this country, second priority is my congress karyakartas and third priority is the congress leaders, says the congress president.
;;0.836;;helping their rich businessmen friends is their only priority, says the congress president.
;;0.1154;;25pm: rahulgandhi says, modi government praises farmers but when they demand the right price for their produce and ask for their loans to be waivered, his government does not listen.
;;0.1027;;nobody is now ready to believe what pakistan is saying, no matter how many such videos they decide to bring out, bjp vice president and rajya sabha mp vinay sahasrabuddhe told ani.
;;0.3612;;24pm: rahulgandhi says the congress government in karnataka has delivered what it promised.
;;0.0;;17pm: the congress president says that modis government has not contributed a single rupee towards the farm loan waiver in karnataka.
;;0.0772;;05pm: rahulgandhi says, five years ago we had promised that if you voted for us, no one would go hungry.
;;0.0;;our government in karnataka has done what modi government couldnt, says the congress president.
;;0.4019;;the congress follows basavannas principles, says party chief rahulgandhi in karnataka.
;;-0.25;;30pm: meanwhile at a rally in karnataka, congress president rahulgandhi says the bjp talks of honesty and decency, and yet, it has a person who has been accused of murder as its party president.
;;0.6597;;30am: rahulgandhi says yes, why not on being asked if he can be the prime minister in 2019 if the congress emerges as the single largest party, ani reports.
;;0.4019;;10am: congress president rahulgandhi says the party is repeatedly asking the prime minister why has he chosen a corrupt person, who has been in jail as his partys cm candidate.
;;0.0;;talking to reporters after the meeting, rahulgandhi said, this government has waived off loans of rs 1.
;;-0.6374;;congress president rahulgandhi on thursday said prime minister narendra modis attacks aimed at him will not pay off because the karnataka assembly elections was a battle of ideologies, not personalities.
;;0.6597;;the congress president said that the siddaramaiah government, unlike the bjp regime at the centre, fulfilled 90  of the promises made in the manifesto brought out in the previous elections.
;;0.4939;;rahul told the mps that everyone should be present each day and added, we have to show them (the bjp) our strength.
;;-0.4215;;this is modi's model -- weaken the foundation, then attach a ladder to the building, paint it and show to the world that the building is shining, rahul said.
;;-0.2498;;we might be out of power but we will not allow any leniency in our efforts in this direction, the congress president said.
;;0.8617;;congress president capt amarinder also said workers should stay united to make their candidates win so that party can form government in punjab.
;;0.8617;;(source: pti) congress president capt amarinder also said workers should stay united to make their candidates win so that party can form government in punjab.
;;0.2732;;the dharna will be taken up to jantar mantar as well, said amarinder and bajwa.
;;0.8617;;amarinder also said workers should stay united to make their candidates win so that party can form government in punjab.
;;-0.8126;;reacting to badals claims that nobody can waive off farmers loans and that he (capt amarinder) was misleading them (the farmers) about it, amarinder told him, just because you are incompetent and incapable doesnt mean everyone else is and i will show how it is done.
;;-0.5574;;demanding an explanation from the sad government for its failure to prevent farmers suicides in the state, amarinder said chief minister parkash singh badal and deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal are following a clear policy of discrimination against the farmers whose interests had been completely relegated to the background.
;;-0.101;;amarinder, who visited mandis in attari and raja sansi areas of amritsar district, said he was extremely distressed at the situation and had already directed party leaders and workers to go to the ground to interact with farmers.
;;0.8074;;(express photo/file) amarinder said that the modi government only seemed interested in appeasing the rich industrialists who were fleecing the country.
;;-0.2247;;when a minister entrusted with the welfare of the farmers cannot relate to their problems and is absolutely indifferent to their plight, one can well imagine which way the country is headed, amarinder said.
;;0.2023;;questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers, amarinder asked, if a bankrupt state like punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver, why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme?
;;-0.9274;;the punjab cm further said farmers were committing suicide out of sheer desperation and blamed the centre for their failure to waive the debts.
;;0.0;;amarinder asked.
;;0.0;;punjab is for punjabis and i will not let any non-punjabi rule over punjab, come what may, amarinder said, and slammed kejriwal for announcing that anandpur sahib would be made a holy city if aap is voted to power in the state.
;;0.2732;;amarinder claimed the fall in crude oil prices in the international market had saved the country about rs 3 lakh crores as the central government did not provide and pass on the corresponding proportionate benefit to consumers.
;;-0.1027;;we will pay the full price, amarinder announced.
;;-0.4588;;attacking former deputy cm sukhbir badal, the cm said, is he an election commissioner or does he represent the election commission?
;;0.6369;;his hopes for financial bailout from the bjp-led government at the centre yet to be fulfilled, punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals told modi it was high time that farmers too got their due.
;;0.3612;;deputy chief minister sukhbir parkashsinghbadals on tuesday said prime minister narendra modi has assured the chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals and himself on fiscal assistance to the state.
;;0.0;;terming the union railway budget people-friendly and development-oriented, the punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals on monday said that the decision to involve states to make the railways the backbone of national connectivity would usher in a new era of cooperative federalism in the country.
;;-0.3612;;fadnavis said such mistakes wont be repeated.
;;-0.1531;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a push to various development projects and government schemes in the naxalite affected gadchiroli district following a review meeting at vidhan bhavan on wednesday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis says one thing and the cooperation minister says the opposite.
;;-0.128;;after the farmer strike last year, cm devendrafadnavis had announced the chhatrapati shivaji maharaj shetkari sanman yojana on june 24, 2017.
;;0.4019;;when jayant patil pointed out that many of these beneficiaries didnt receive the money, after objections were raised and cases were pending in the supreme and high courts, the cm asked where all this money had gone, and hinted at a bigger scam here.
;;-0.4601;;blaming the banks for the mess, fadnavis said the government had already inked a pact with them for data validation of beneficiaries, and they would be completely responsible for any error.
;;0.0;;nearly 13 lakh applications were forwarded to the taluka committees for scrutiny, said fadnavis.
;;-0.4767;;on patole, fadnavis said, he would soon realized that he was wrong, while on deshmukhs letter he said, he was yet to read it.
;;0.0;;the cm said 2.
;;0.7906;;when some laws have to be changed, two-third majority is required and now this is an opportunity to strengthen the government for better future of punjab, amarinder said.
;;0.6705;;showering praises on laddi, amarinder said the constituency would be looked after well.
;;0.0;;i dont know if badal senior would come here but ask sukhbir badal about these issues when he comes here, amarinder said.
;;0.2944;;amarinder said his government was on the track of fulfilling all the promises of the manifesto, most important of which was the debt waiver.
;;0.1655;;amritsar: punjab chief minister amarinder on thursday said he would expand his cabinet after gujarat and himachal pradesh election results on december 18, but ruled out appointment of a deputy chief minister in the state.
;;0.4019;;flanked by punjab pradesh congress committee president and mp sunil jakhar and local bodies minister navjot singh sidhu, amarinder said the process of farm loan waiver would begin after the elections and distribution of smart phones would also begin soon.
;;0.0;;on the possibility of any poll alliance between the congress and aap before the 2019 lok sabha elections, amarinder said such decisions were to be taken by the congress high command in new delhi.
;;-0.5719;;amarinder said as per information available with him, the alleged fraud, which was at the centre of the case, had been the subject matter of the proceedings before the debts recovery tribunal (drt) in a recovery suit filed by the bank.
;;0.0258;;the fact is that gurpal had actually been litigating against simbhaoli sugars, for his rights as director and shareholder, before the national company law tribunal, as he had been kept out of all major decisions and the working of the company, which was reportedly a matter of court record, said amarinder.
;;0.128;;the farming community in the country is already a highly beleaguered lot, said amarinder, adding that he condemned any attempt to pull them into the case for political gain.
;;0.2023;;amarinder said he had been told that gurpal singh, who was a law-abiding citizen, had even refused to sign any documents to give any personal guarantee against the loan in question, forcing the obc to amend the loan document on february 12, 2015, thus waiving off the requirement of gurpals signature on any guarantee documents.
;;0.6124;;all the vital and true facts would emerge before the judicial courts when the cbi case is taken up by them, said amarinder.
;;0.3612;;the former cm said he was ready for any sacrifice for punjabs cause.
;;0.6249;;jalandhar: at the state-level function to mark birth anniversary of b r ambedkar on saturday, punjab chief minister amarinder said that his government was committed to implement the 85th amendment to the constitution for the benefit of the dalit community.
;;0.0;;amarinder said he had implemented the 85th amendment during his previous tenure, by enacting the punjab scheduled castes and backward classes (reservation in services) act, 2006, providing for reservation in promotions in government jobs.
;;0.0;;after becoming chief minister, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said that he was heading a coalition government and he had to take the concurrence of his coalition partner.
;;-0.4927;;referring to himself as the most controversial politician in the state, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said, in all those occasions, i was the victim of circumstances.
;;0.0;;with the state budget fixed at rs. 2 lakh crore for 2018-19, chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys on wednesday said resources should also be made available for other welfare schemes and development projects.
;;0.8625;;but support from the farming community is needed to make this experiment success, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said.
;;0.2263;;questions raisednoting the enormous job facing the coalition government, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said he has prepared a blueprint of the proposed scheme and raised several questions on the proposal.
;;0.3182;;lashing out at the bjp and its state president b.s. yeddyurappa, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said his [the chief ministers] words had been twisted out of context to suggest that he had gone back on the pre-poll promise of loan waiver.
;;-0.2057;;janata dal (secular) state president h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys on tuesday asked the public not to create a situation where he heads a coalition government after the coming assembly elections.
;;0.6486;;at a party rally in hire bagewadi, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys asked the people to give the jd(s) a clear mandate.
;;-0.6486;;mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said the jd(s) has plans to eradicate malnutrition among poor women and children and introduce a welfare programme for senior citizens who have no income.
;;0.0;;mr. h.d.kumaraswamys says that he owes his chief ministership not to the people of karnataka but to the congress and its chief rahul gandhi.
;;0.4019;;calling himself a child of circumstances, the newly sworn-in chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys on wednesday said efforts would be made to make the congressjanata dal (secular)bahujan samaj party alliance a model alliance in the country.
;;-0.6486;;the government will address the problem of people and dispel all suspicion over the stability of the government, said mr. h.d.kumaraswamys at his maiden press conference after taking oath.
;;-0.1027;;will hold talksmr. h.d.kumaraswamys also announced that he would invite leaders from the veerashaiva lingayat community and also those involved in the agitation seeking implementation of the a.j. sadashiva commission report on internal reservation among the scheduled castes for a discussion and try to address the issues.
;;-0.6901;;mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said that the state government had completely failed to provide pro-people governance and the administration had collapsed as corruption had gone up on all fronts.
;;0.9217;;mahadayi issuestating that the two national parties have no concern for protecting the states interest including solving the mahadayi water sharing dispute, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said that the party has taken a decision to have pre-poll alliance with the bahujan samaj party to prevent both the bharatiya janata party and the congress from coming to power in the state.
;;0.7096;;talking to the the hindu at bheemarayanagudi in shahapur taluk of yadgir district on monday, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said that the party chose to have the tie-up with the bsp as the national parties had lost the peoples faith.
;;-0.3291;;but the leaders of national parties are blaming each other instead of finding permanent solution to the problem, the former chief minister h.d.kumaraswamys has said.
;;0.2023;;the opposition and the single largest party, bjp, called for a state-wide bandh on may 28, which evoked a mixed response, demanding that mr. h.d.kumaraswamys immediately announce a farm-loan waiver.
;;-0.4767;;mr. h.d.kumaraswamys , who is under attack from the opposition bjp for not waiving farm loans immediately after taking charge, had said on may 30 that details of the farm loan waiver would be unveiled in 15 days after consultations with congress president rahul gandhi.
;;0.0;;during his election campaign, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys had said he would write off all farm loans within 24 hours of the jd(s) forming the government.
;;-0.296;;meanwhile, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said there are no rumblings with regard to cabinet formation in the state since the stakeholders are yet to deliberate on the issue.
;;0.3412;;referring to coastal karnatakas concern over yettinahole river water diversion project, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said he would not allow scams in the name of water projects.
;;0.34;;reacting to aicc president rahul gandhis statement that jd(s) was the b-team of the bjp, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said it was the jd(s) which had been posing a tough challenge to the bjps growth in the state.
;;-0.4019;;lauding the efforts of finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, the cm said, the major policy shift which was never taken into consideration in the past relates to tackling the root problems in backward region of vidarbha and marathwada.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also said investment in agriculture and infrastructure development was his priority.
;;0.0772;;the long-term challenge is sustainable agriculture development and we are working on it, fadnavis told mediapersons during an informal get-together here.
;;-0.0258;;when asked about senior party leader eknath khadse who had to resign earlier this year over a series of charges, including irregularities in a land deal, fadnavis said, there was a conflict of interest.
;;0.4404;;fadnavis said his governments endeavour was to improve governance and development.
;;0.3818;;when asked about the maratha morchas being taken out across the state, fadnavis said his government was positively working on solutions to address the grievances of the community.
;;0.0;;on thursday, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the assembly, my government is equally concerned about the farmers welfare.
;;0.5994;;fadnavis said, the state government is keen on tapping maximum investments in solar sector which would play a crucial role in accomplishing our goal to provide 24 x7 power to maharashtra.
;;-0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that the leader was to be given a state funeral.
;;0.0258;;on the issue of west-flowing rivers, the cm said he will personally visit these areas and see that maharashtras water is retained in the state, dr dhawle said.
;;0.4019;;and they are also covered for both financial and logistical help from the administration, said fadnavis.
;;-0.6369;;(file/express photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked ally shiv sena to stop attacking prime minister narendra modi, cautioning that it will only boomerang on it.
;;-0.4404;;the sena should refrain from criticising the prime minister, but i am ok with their criticism, fadnavis told pti in an interview.
;;-0.8957;;dismissing the suggestion that the morcha launched by the maratha community is directed towards his government, fadnavis said their anger springs from the historical injustice suffered by them under successive regimes, which made nearly 80 per cent people remain in agony.
;;0.6808;;but i am sure they will not be allowed to do that as well, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;i did what i felt right at that time, fadnavis said.
;;0.6705;;on the demand for a separate vidarbha state, an issue over which not only the congress-ncp opposition but also shiv sena had often targeted him since he hailed from the region and also as his partys preference for smaller states, fadnavis said his governments agenda is to ensure balanced development of maharashtra.
;;-0.2023;;there are well laid out guidelines under which they will have to work and anybody found violating rules would invite action, fadnavis said.
;;-0.2023;;there are well laid out guidelines under which they will have to work and anybody found violating rules would invite action, fadnavis said.
;;-0.6249;;hitting out at the opposition, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the state is facing a deep agrarian crisis and there are several crucial issues that need to be fixed.
;;-0.296;;fadnavis said that the government wont fall prey to the oppositions pressure tactics.
;;0.0387;;the opposition can dub this political vendetta, but the people understand who is politicising the matter, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced a development package for the marathwada, which, he declared, would be completed in a time-bound fashion.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said: i have asked the officials to submit a detailed report on what facilities have been provided in one month.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the csmssy on july 24, 2017.
;;-0.4939;;fadnavis said, there would be no shortage of water through tankers.
;;-0.6555;;accusing the opposition of politicising drought, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the loan waiver is not a solution to the farmers problems.
;;0.802;;stating that he would look forward to help from all parties and sections to tackle drought, fadnavis said, there are some issues in larger interest of the state when party lines become meaningless and we all strive to work unitedly.
;;-0.3612;;and now the unseasonal rains have played a havoc, said fadnavis.
;;-0.3182;;public works department minister chandrakant patil said that the bank owed the state government rs 1,900 crore, while chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the banks consolidated loss was in excess of rs 3,200 crore.
;;0.3818;;addressing a farmers rally at daund (satara) on sunday, fadnavis said: after the 2014 assembly elections, when the bjp-led alliance is voted to power, we will ensure a separate budget for the farmers.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, every project will have a deadline to meet, along with its budget.

