Demonetisation to push digital economy, says NilekaniNew Delhi, Nov 28, 2016, PTI: 22:21 ISTDemonetisation would see a massive activation of digitisation of financial services in the country, although there will be some amount of "short term pain" in the coming weeks, former UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani said today.
what would have taken another 3-6 years to get rolled out, I now believe because of the urgency of the matter, will happen in 3-6 months," Nilekani told NDTV.
The Authority had already enrolled 200 million people, Nilekani said after receiving the honorary doctorate from the Central University of Karnataka, Gulbarga, here on Saturday.
Nilekani said on Friday he was willing to contest the Lok Sabha elections from any constituency in Bangalore if given a ticket by the Congress.
I am very confident that I will have the necessary support to bring the kind of changes that I want to, Nilekani told mediapersons on the sidelines of a talk for students at Christ University.
Rate cuts, stalled exports worryBENGALURU: June 23, 2015, DHNS 1:20 ISTThe audience at the Indian Institute for Human Settlements erupted in laughter when former UIDAI head Nandan Nilekani, who served as the moderator, asked Arvind to explain the panga you have with the RBI over interest rates?
In the meeting, Nilekani reportedly said he could have become a Rajya Sabha member, but decided to contest the elections to serve the people of the constituency.
Speaking at the inauguration of the Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) scheme in LPG subsidy, UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani said on Saturday that the State government and the Authority would launch a massive enrolment drive in the next few months.
Talking at the Nasscom Product Conclave here, UID Chairman Nandan Nilekani said that the US government had launched global positioning system (GPS) in the 90s and later in the 2000s it was made available for commercial purposes.
Power2SME has a unique business model that focuses on making SMEs bankable and profitable and am excited to watch the growth journey of this company as it continues to contribute in strengthening the SME social fabric of the nation, Nandan Nilekani said.
Explaining further, Nilekani said: "(Director General of UIDAI) Ram Sewak Sharma's powers are delegated by the Deputy Chairman, Planning Commission.
On transparency issue, Nilekani said: "We follow every government process and procurement procedures to the key.
Lokpal - one among many ways to fight corruption: NilekaniLast updated: 19 August, 2011New Delhi, Aug 19 (IANS) 14:03 ISTThe Lokpal bill which is before parliament is only one of the many ways of tackling the menace of corruption, said Nandan Nilekani, chairperson of the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) Friday.
I think if we want to do something about corruption, we have to do it in a much broader manner, where the Lokpal bill just becomes one of many things (tackling corruption), said Nilekani in an interview to CNN-IBN channel.
Parliament would decide on the shape of the bill and the protesters should work through that system, Nilekani said.
And then we definitely intend to roll it out by April," Nilekani told reporters here.
Asked about the Home Ministry's security concerns, Nilekani said: "We will certainly.
UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani has also said that the strategy of the project will be reviewed and its processes may be changed.
It began with messaging, and now has added voice, said Nilekani, explaining the same movement happening in the finance sector.
Speaking at the Indus Entrepreneurs (TiE) Leapfrog Summit here on Friday, Nilekani said, In 2009, there was a WhatsApp movement in telecom, where it wiped out the sms business model.
Some of it is regulated, some of it is technology, some of it is design, and some of it is market, Nilekani said.
I concede defeat and congratulate Ananth Kumar for his performance in this poll," Nilekani, the face of UPA's flagship Aadhar programme, told PTI.
Asked what went wrong for him, Nilekani said "I'm happy with the campaign we have run.
I am going to continue working actively for Bengaluru and for the party," Nilekani said, adding that he had no regrets and had a great time.
Nilekani, who will contest Lok Sabha polls from Bangalore South, said he has submitted his resignation to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
"Yes, I have resigned today," Nilekani told PTI, and added, he has sent in his resignation to Prime Minister.
Nilekani to quit UIDAI by March-endNew Delhi, Feb 21, 2014, DHNS : 1:33 ISTUIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani on Friday said he will resign by March-end to contest the Lok Sabha elections on a Congress ticket.
When asked about his constituency, Nilekani said: Subject to getting the ticket from Bangalore South.
Speaking to reporters here, Nilekani said he has been meeting people in Bangalore.
Nilekani ready to contest LS polls, to join CongressBangalore, Jan 10, 2014 (PTI) 17:55 ISTEnding speculation about his foray into politics, billionaire Infosys co-founder and head of Aadhar programme Nandan Nilekani today said he would join the Congress and was ready to contest the Lok Sabha polls".
Nilekani said ordinary citizens should join politics and he would like to be part of this movement.
??? Kumar has asked only one question about Aadhar in Parliament, Nilekani has said, questioning his "sudden concern".
sLater, Nilekani told reporters that one million business correspondents would help making huge government payments of benefits and subsidies of about Rs 3 lakh crore through electronic mode, every year.
Violence , cruelty have no place in India," PM Modi said, without specifically referring to any recent such incidents".
Great leaders like Mahatma Gandhi, Ambedkarji have always stressed on the need for social unity," Modi said in his Independence Day address from the Red Fort in New Delhi on Monday .
Surajya, this means a positive change in the lives of all of India for which transparency is paramount," PM Modi said.
One nation, one grid and one price- we have worked on this," Modi said.
Unlike earlier governments, his government, Modi said, is not interested in getting credit for any achievements.
Giving outlines of the project, Modi said the state government wished to set up an incubation centre with a view to nurture young talents".
State government wishes the incubation centre to be fully autonomous HRD (human resource development) body and if a man like Mr Murthy guides it, talented youths will get a great stimulus for carrying out their innovative experiments," Modi said.
Modi then asked the gathering if they wanted such a government to continue in power, and the crowd shouted a "NO".
Modi said he had visited Tamil Nadu 14 years ago, but the kind of huge gathering he had never seen in his entire political career.
Giving outlines of the project, Modi said the state government wished to set up an incubation centre with a view to nurture young talents".
State government wishes the incubation centre to be fully autonomous HRD (human resource development) body and if a man like Mr Murthy guides it, talented youths will get a great stimulus for carrying out their innovative experiments," Modi said.
The Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana provides a platform for changing the economic condition of our people," Modi told bankers in his email".
This is the next phase of Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana," the PM said.
I congratulate you for your extraordinary efforts," the PM said in his email.
This feat alone should motivate you, as well as others to work to make our dreams a reality," the PM said.
NEW DELHI: Chairing a meeting of Union Council of Ministers ahead of the completion of two years of the government on Thursday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi asked his ministerial colleagues to focus on carrying the initiatives taken by the dispensation to the grassroots.
At one time, the BJP had only two members in Parliament and former Prime Minister Rajeev Gandhi often called us a party of two or three MPs," Modi said".
Expressing concern over the ongoing global economic crisis, Modi said that India is the only economy that remains steady and stable.
, cruelty have no place in India," PM Modi said, without specifically referring to any recent such incidents".
Great leaders like Mahatma Gandhi, Ambedkarji have always stressed on the need for social unity," Modi said in his Independence Day address from the Red Fort in New Delhi on Monday .
Surajya, this means a positive change in the lives of all of India for which transparency is paramount," PM Modi said.
One nation, one grid and one price- we have worked on this," Modi said.
Unlike earlier governments, his government, Modi said, is not interested in getting credit for any achievements.
the scheme will continue till October 14," PM Modi said in an address in Nagpur this afternoon.
which is great for cashless economy," the PM said today in Nagpur, even as he mimicked millennial users often portrayed with their heads downward flicking their fingers over their smartphones.
NEW DELHI: Chairing a meeting of Union Council of Ministers ahead of the completion of two years of the government on Thursday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi asked his ministerial colleagues to focus on carrying the initiatives taken by the dispensation to the grassroots.
Modi reviews fencing work on India-Bangla borderNew Delhi, Nov 5, 2015, DHNS: 2:15 ISTReviewing the progress of fencing on India-Bangladesh border, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday asked officials to ensure that the work is completed as early as possible as there should be no compromise on national security.
It rids us of all sorts of problems," said Modi in his address at the NITI Aayog-organised event.
Giving outlines of the project, Modi said the state government wished to set up an incubation centre with a view to nurture young talents".
State government wishes the incubation centre to be fully autonomous HRD (human resource development) body and if a man like Mr Murthy guides it, talented youths will get a great stimulus for carrying out their innovative experiments," Modi said.
The time has come to remove the virus and usher in good governance, Modi said urging people to vote for the BJP.
Referring to Rahul Gandhis recent claim that it was his father Rajiv Gandhi who ushered in the IT revolution in the country, Modi said, Come on now Shahazade, stop it.
Modi, who spoke in Hindi, said it has become a habit of the Congress to tell lies to cover up the corrupt administration of the last 10 years.
The project was also admonished by the Supreme Court, Modi said stating that he had repeatedly warned the UPA government that the project was a threat to national security.
Modi, who had said at a rally on Goa sometime back that his life could be under threat because of his tough decisions, said he maintains what he spoken there".
Modi said "I began my journey for this country and I am taking every step for the welfare of the country".
Stressing that "intention" of the government is equally important, Modi said although the Congress-led UPA government had decided on neem coating of urea to prevent the misuse of subsidised fertilisers, it did not push the scheme.
Modi said without neem coating, urea was being pilfered to other uses, leaving farmers without availability of the fertiliser.
For farmers, Modi said schemes like Crop Insurance Scheme and Soil Health Card have brought and asked memebers to encourage people to make use of such schemes as ultimately everybody works for the development of the country.
San Jose, Sep 28, 2015, PTI: 10:34 ISTPrime Minister Narendra Modi today said that the 21st century is India's century and attributed the sudden change in India's fortune to the commitment, strength and pledge of the 125 crore people of the country".
Asserting that he is giving every minute of his life in the service of the nation, Modi said he would live and die for the country.
Modi said that in the past 16 months, world's perception about India has changeddramatically.
Modi said he is confident of India's success because 65 per cent of the population of the country are of less than 35 years  800 million".
Modi said India is in a strong position today.
Prime Minister Modi said that no one ever thought that brain drain can become brain gain".
I salute the martyr," Modi said and asked the audience to chant with him Veer Bhagat Singh Amar Rahe".
On his ambitious Digital India programme, Modi said his mission is JAM - Jan Dhan financial inclusion program, Aadhar unique identity card and Mobile Governance.
Ridiculing the concept of good and bad terrorism, Modi said terrorism is terrorism".
Modi said he would raise the issue of terrorism again at the United Nations tomorrow.
New Delhi, Nov 6, 2015, (PTI); 13:27 ISTPrime Minister Narendra Modi today said the economy has performed better on all parameters including inflation and foreign investment in the past 17 months and stressed on inclusive reforms that improve people's lives and not just grab headlines.
Terming reforms to transform India as "a marathon and not a sprint", Modi said such measures should aim at improving the lives of people".
On the various macro-economic initiatives of the government, Modi said, "We have embarked on a course of fiscal consolidation.
Talking about the illicit funds stashed abroad, Modi said, "Our campaign against tax evasion and money laundering is well known.
Modi further said the tax department took steps to facilitate electronic return filing which presently covers 85 per cent of assessees".
Modi outlines achievementsNew Delhi: March 3, 2015, DHNS: 2:40 ISTReading out virtually a report card on his government's performance in the last nine months, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said the central schemes launched in the last few months are meant for the poor and the marginalised section of the society and not for the rich as his government is often accused of.
I thank everyone for responding to Sandesh2Soldiers," Modi said in over half-an-hour address on the occasion of Diwali.
Reiterating his message of cleanliness on the occasion of Diwali, Modi said the festival is a marker of "swachhta" with every family taking it upon themselves to clean their house.
Modi said Kerala will become open defecation free on November 1 and said Gujarat and Haryana are also making efforts in this direction and many districts in these states have already achieved the goal.
Invoking Mahatma Gandhi, whom he described as a guide, Modi said policies should be evolved in such a manner that the poorest of the poor should be kept in mind as the father of the nation envisioned.
Modi said Deepawali gives the message of darkness to light and this darkness included the darkness of superstition, illiteracy, poverty and social evils which should end too.
Acknowledging that his government had a long way to go in tackling corruption, Parrikar said, "corruption cannot be stopped in one stroke" and is still happening.
Parrikar said that his government would impress upon the Supreme Court to allow mining in the state to resume early.
Speaking on the Mayem evacuee property issue, Parrikar said: "It has been 51 years since Goa was liberated, but still, some areas are not.
Parrikar said "the government is keen on resolving it fully and has decided to free the mundkars from the custodian.
Listing out the schemes introduced or modified by his government, Parrikar said that the DSS scheme dole had been increased from 2,000 to 3,500, monetary assistance to artistes had been increased from 1,600 to 3,200, and the Ladli Laxmi scheme had benefited over 2,000 girls.
Talking about education, Parrikar said that interest-free loans had been given to students for higher studies, and that the computer teachers issue had been resolved.
Parrikar said that "the government will not tolerate drugs, crimes against women and children, and prostitution," and that it had been successful in controlling these.
They do not know the facts, and the facts are that consideration was based on the 2001 census wherein the total beneficiaries,  26.07% were from the catholic community and  3.5% were from the muslim community," said Parrikar.
Launching the scheme, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said he is fulfilling an election promise.
Speaking to media persons on Tuesday, Parrikar said the scheme is meant for married women residing in Goa for the last 15 years and whose gross income, including that of the husband, does not exceed 3 lakh per annum.
Parrikar also said the woman's husband should not be a beneficiary under the Dayanand Social Security Scheme (DSSS)".
The beneficiary shall submit a life certificate every year in October," Parrikar said.
"Over the span of ten months, the government will cover all  1.5 lakh housewives under this scheme", Parrikar said.
QUEPEM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that he will expose the scams allegedly carried out by Quepem MLA Chandrakant 'Babu Kavlekar', especially the Goa industrial development corporation (GIDC) land scam and the 40 crore scam of the industrial estate/food park at Betul plateau.
Parrikar said that no fresh bar licences will be issued in the state, as around 1,500 Goan youth are dying of liver problems due to alcoholism every year.
Briefing the media, Parrikar said that the importance his government gives to agriculture can be gauged from the fact that he as chief minister is himself holding the agriculture portfolio.
But the price of paddy fell to 6 and the farmers got only 13 which is unaffordable, Parrikar said.
Parrikar said that the support price of Rs 17 for paddy was 60% higher than that of any state in India.
Parrikar said that the forest department officials were reluctant to pay the compensation.
PANAJI: Stating that a lot of confusion has been created after the chief minister Manohar Parrikar said the decision on medium of instruction (MoI) is 'temporary', Lokancho Adhar president Trajano D'Mello has sought a statement from the chief minister that "irrespective of the decision of the academic authority, the grants to 127 primary schools would not be withdrawn".
Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said the circular had not been worded properly and will be withdrawn.
"I have issued a direction to clarify on the matter," Parrikar said.
Any common document, like voters identity card will suffice as proof, Parrikar said.
Asked about the necessity of an RTI applicant proving his Indian citizenship, Parrikar said few cases of foreign citizens seeking information under RTI had been brought to the government's notice.
MARGAO: Goa's holistic development will be Bharatiya Janata Party 's (BJP) target for the next five years if the party comes back to the power after the 2017 assembly elections, Union defence minister Manohar Parrikar said while addressing the BJP's first 'Vijay Sankalp' public meeting at Curchorem on Saturday".
Health and happiness for all will now be the focus of the party's manifesto," Parrikar said.
The only reason not a single case of suicide was reported from among those dependent on mining," Parrikar said, "was the financial assistance provided by the government following the mining ban".
Jaitley said the cap on cash transactions is being reduced to curb generation of black money and the move to introduce electoral bonds is for cleansing the political funding".
Jaitley said the UIDAI had been conceptualised by the previous UPA dispensation and the NDA government is putting it to use with 98 per cent adults or more than 108 crore people in India having been issued Aadhaar number".
With regard to taxation of agriculture income, Jaitley said "Centre does not have the power to impose tax on agriculture.
Jaitley said the government will achieve the tax collection target of a "record" Rs 17 lakh crore as provided in the Revised Estimate.
Hoping that Goods and Services Tax (GST) will be introduced from July 1, Jaitley said a consensus has been arrived at between the Centre and states on most of the contentious issues in the GST Council meeting".
The effect is going to be on the Centre and state governments which will save thousands of crore," Jaitley said just before the measure was adopted by a voice vote.
Higher growth best antidote to poverty: JaitleyNew Delhi, Nov 6, 2015 (PTI) 14:57 ISTMaking a case for stepping up growth momentum, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the country is pushing for higher growth, which is the best antidote to poverty.
Observing that the global economy is under stress, Jaitley said although India can take some satisfaction from its own high growth, it has potential to grow at a higher pace".
Referring to subsidies, Jaitley said one has to think whether to continue it indefinitely with an unquantified amount going to an unidentified number of people or target it to specific categories of people needing them.
A day isn't far away when banks have no premises or paper," PM Modi said.
The thumb that once was a symbol of illiteracy will now be a powerful tool thanks to the technology marvel," said Modi.
"This will make digital payments easy even for those who cannot read or write, thus realizing Ambedkar's vision of social and financial empowerment for all," said Modi.
Timed with the 126th birth anniversary of Dalit icon Dr Babasaheb Abkedkar, Modi said the App would be part of his dream for a clean economy.
Addressing a well-attended public meeting, Modi said a mobile phone would soon replace premises-less, paperless banking system.
the scheme will continue till October 14," PM Modi said in an address in Nagpur this afternoon.
which is great for cashless economy," the PM said today in Nagpur, even as he mimicked millennial users often portrayed with their heads downward flicking their fingers over their smartphones.
A day isn't far away when banks have no premises or paper," PM Modi said.
The programme picked up steam after Prime Minister Narendra Modi said in May last year that this will be rolled out nationally.
Reiterating that India was heading towards a "premises-less and paper-less banking" system, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday said that thumb impression now signifies digital reality".
Making payments of MNREGA through aadhar too has helped in plugging leakages to the tune of Rs 7,633 crore, Modi said.
????
In a review meeting, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told the officers that Aadhar card numbers may also be seeded with bank accounts as the same will help in directly transferring the subsidies to the bank accounts of the desired sections of the society under Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) scheme.
????
Giving reasons for not accepting the amendments, Jaitley said "these amendments have dangerous consequences as they gave wide power to the government to share information".
Jaitley further said while "national security" is a defined phrase and is mentioned in the Constitution, terms public emergency and public safety can be subject to wide interpretation.
Referring to the other amendment with regard to engaging Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) and Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) for the purpose of disclosing bio-metric details, Jaitley said, the issues concerning "national security cannot be handled by public auditors or anti-corruption authority".
Jaitley then told the House that his source was Lok Sabha website itself.
PHOTO: S. RAMBABUS_RAMBABUChief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu said here on Thursday technology should be used for the development of the poor like use of fibre grid to strengthen knowledge hubs and turn villages smart.
Now we can create wealth from villages with the support of the multi-national companies who have come to Mori to develop it, said Mr. Naidu.
The new State is expected to face a revenue deficit of over Rs. 10,000 crore and the people are hurt at the manner in which the division has been done, TDP president N. Chandrababu Naidu says.
Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu, who reviewed the progress of Information Technology projects in the State with senior officials on Wednesday said the State Government would shortly launch the Sunrise AP start up programme.
Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu on Wednesday asked officials to strengthen existing infrastructure of airports and create a Special Purpose Vehicle to obtain clearances for airports.
Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu on Thursday said his government wants to utilise Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) as a tool to eradicate poverty and that five grids, like that of roads, water and power  were planned for development of vital sectors.
Launching PMJDY here along with Andhra Bank Chairman and State Level Bankers Committee Chairman C.V.R. Rajendran on Thursday, Mr. Naidu said all welfare schemes would be linked to the bank accounts to be opened under the scheme.
Mr. Naidu said that the government already announced water and power grids.
Mr. Naidu said he favoured web cameras in polling booths to ensure transparency in polling process because EVMs were exposed to tampering.
Elaborating on his vision to make AP the best State by 2029, Mr. Naidu asked bankers to increase lending to agriculture and allied activities, micro, small and medium enterprises, entrepreneurs and SHG women.
Mr. Naidu said about 90 lakh women in his State were members of SHGs with an accumulated corpus of Rs.3,850 crore but some of them are presently underperforming.
Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu, who reviewed the arrangements for the roll out here on Friday said a six-member mandal-level committee, consisting of MPTCs, sarpanches and social workers, will be formed to select pensioners and bring out the priority list.
Mr. Naidu said every family will get one pension based on the eligibility of pensioner after assessment.
Mr. Naidu asked the Revenue Department to explore setting up of economic intelligence units on lines of Maharashtra and suggested that transport vehicles be fitted with GPS trackers.
Mr. Naidu said that key performance indicators would be the basis in preparation of the budget.
Mr. Naidu said the government also plans to develop human resources to meet global standards and competition by focusing on latest trends in the IT sector.
Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu on Tuesday said the Debt Redemption Sheme has brought relief to farmers in the State.
Mr. Naidu asked the department to frame a policy on Smart Andhra Pradesh.
In a meeting to review implementation of all welfare programmes and implementation of SC, ST sub-plans with Ministers here on Saturday, Mr. Naidu said the government was spending thousands of crores on welfare programmes and technology should be utilised effectively to bring in transparency and change the lives of people for the better.
Rates of vegetables should be updated online, said Mr. Naidu.
Disclosing this to the media here on Wednesday, UIDAI Deputy Director General Ashok Dalwai said the authority would begin the exercise on a trial basis across the country on May 1, before taking it up in earnest on May 15.
To bridge the gap, it was decided to develop a special software for them, Dalwai said.
UIDAI Deputy Director General Ashok Dalwai said that the proposed centres require enrolment kits, which cost Rs  1.5 lakh each.
It is yet to be decided whether we should hire staff or train the existing personnel, Dalwai said.
Ashok Dalwai, Deputy Director General, UIDAI (Karnataka), said that the Authority had received several complaints in that regard.
UIDAI Deputy Director General (Bangalore regional office) Ashok Dalwai told Deccan Herald that the software - which is more accurate and contains more security features - would be simultaneously released in all 18 states where UIDAI is operating.
Dalwai said errors committed at data uploading level would be monitored strictly and each error would cost the operator a penalty of up to Rs 500.
Dalwai said pilot projects are on in Bangalore and New Delhi to keep track of enrolment centres through Global Positioning System.
Dalwai in his reply said that the money spent on the project is subject to audit by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG)Prabhakar said that payments under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) can be accounted for and it will be sent directly to the beneficiaries accounts, which can be operated by the beneficiaries using their UID cards.
???? We're committed to the quality of every enrollment," said Ashok Dalwai, deputy director general, Unique identification Authority of India.
???? ," said Dalwai.
???? It's a new feature in the second phase of enrollment which will begin shortly," Dalwai told TOI.
Authorization through postal department would not be accepted officially but if there is no choice, then one can go for such process also," said Ashok Dalwai, deputy director general (technology centre), UIDAI.
Dalwai says other registrars (state government or India Post or Registrar General of India or nationalized banks) have not uploaded their enrolment centres on the website.
Over 10 lakh to 1 crore cards have been held back," said Ashok Dalwai.
"We don't have any direct control over Tamil Nadu as it is been covered under NPR by the census department," said Dalwai.
Admitting to glitches, Ashok Dalwai, UIDAI chief, said, "We plan to finish the process by the end of the year".
UIDAI deputy director general Ashok Dalwai said the data centre in Bangalore is unique and it would store biometric and demographic data of people enrolled under Aadhaar throughout the country".
UIDAI deputy director general Ashok Dalwai told TOI the shell of the building has been handed over to Wipro Infotech for developing the data centre.
UIDAI regional deputy director Ashok Dalwai told Times Of India the ministry of home affairs has given its clearance, and in the first phase, 65 guards will be deployed at the Centre.
Ashok Dalwai, deputy director-general of UID Authority of India, Bangalore, told TOI on Tuesday: "The authority has completed all requirements as outlined by the Centre on the technical front.
Dalwai said on the authority's part, new technical parameters had been introduced .
'Everyone will get a chance'Ashok Dalwai, deputy director general, told TOI: "As of now, India Post which is a registrar of UID has opened a few counters but public response is overwhelming.
"We believe that for violation of other two rules, the authorities concerned will take appropriate action," Pandey said.
or get into the personal domain like clicking a selfie," UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey told PTI.
Pandey said he would also advise individuals enrolling for Aadhaar to decline such requests.
We have ordered further inquiry on the matter and action will be taken against all those involved in the leak," UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey told PTI.
In an interaction with DH, UIDAI Chief Executive Officer Ajay Bhushan Pandey said that the discussion they had with device manufacturers was not about making this mandatory.
If they want to use it, they will have to conform to our security standards, said Pandey.
When asked how this will help citizens, Pandey said if a mobile or tab authenticates a person either with his or her fingerprint or iris, he or she can e-sign all applications with ease.
Pandey said the organisation also held meetings with both Indian and foreign device manufacturers.
We have advised that from June 1, they should get devices on the new specifications and that the existing devices should be upgraded to the new norms," Ajay Bhushan Pandey, CEO of UIDAI told PTI.
Hence, they are open to the idea," Pandey said.
This time, we have lodged an FIR against the erring websites," UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey told PTI.
Pandey said the authority will continue to take stringent action against such sites and also asked the public to use UIDAI official website (www.
When contacted, UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey said, "We do not comment on individual matters".
If a merchant is using Aadhaar-enabled payment systems then he should be put at par with Business Correspondent and whatever facility and commission is available to the Business Correspondent, he should be paid on the same lines," Ajay Bhushan Pandey, CEO of UIDAI, told PTI.
Doing this would be a win-win for banks too, Pandey said.
Pandey said that incentivising shopkeepers who adopt the biometric payment system would also "remove an extra layer" as consumers today approach banks, ATMs or business correspondents for withdrawl of money to purchase items such as ration".
Noting the current incentive for Business Correspondent is up to one per cent of the transaction value subject to cap of Rs 15, Pandey said where incentivising merchants is concerned banks could fix the modalities depending on transaction volumes".
Pandey said that discussion to this effect is on with all major banks.
Asked when would 'Aadhaar Pay' be made available to merchants for facilitating cashless transactions using biometrics, Pandey said pilot project in the area of PDS has already been initiated in Andhra Pradesh and Gujarat.
Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit, who made her annual address to the Government officials and released the annual Working Report 2012 during the day, said she was confident that the revenue growth of around 20 per cent would be maintained.
Ms. Dikshit said while to begin with she too was apprehensive about whether the dream of making Delhi a world-class city could be realized, she said: A long distance has been covered.
In this election year, Ms. Dikshit said, the focus would be on undertaking more infrastructure development projects like the Outer Ring Road elevated corridor.
On Congress preparations for the Delhi Assembly elections, Ms. Dikshit said: We will go into the battle with all courage and might.
Following the Congress Legislative Party meeting, Ms. Dikshit said the party legislators had called for doing away with laxity in the various departments and releasing funds for development works promptly.
Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit said on Monday that this will help beneficiaries to withdraw their benefit amounts easily and employees working at these offices will be given status of bank correspondents.
This is resulting in difficulties in withdrawal of benefit money for beneficiaries already covered under DBT , said Ms. Dikshit, adding that she will address a letter to the Union Finance Minister on this issue.
Photo: Sandeep SaxenaThe ambitious Food Security Scheme that is slated to make Delhi hunger-free and also the first State in the country to implement this national programme will benefit 44 per cent of the citys population and bring 32 lakh people from the most vulnerable households under its purview, said Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit while announcing its timeline and details on Friday.
Flanked by her Cabinet colleagues, Ms. Dikshit said her Government had finalised the schemes modalities and identified eligible households.
Geographically, socially and occupationally vulnerable groups such as residents of slum, resettlement colonies of F,G and H categories, notified abadi in rural village, shelter-less persons, transgenders, households with disable people, single women, children living without protection, ragpickers, unskilled construction workers, porters, casual daily wagers, and cycle rickshaw pullers will all be eligible under the scheme, said Ms. Dikshit.
The Public Grievance Commission will function as the Food Security Commission for the time being and soon a separate committee will be formed, said Ms. Dikshit.
Ms. Dikshit said the new scheme would bring banking to the door step of the citizens.
On the specific steps that have been initiated, Ms. Dikshit said a dedicated round-the-clock women in distress helpline with the number 181 would be made functional within couple of days in her office.
Apart from this, Ms. Dikshit said on the insistence of the Delhi Government, the High Court has decided to commission five fast-track courts in the city to ensure speedy justice to the victims.
On the improvements in the delivery of various services, Ms. Dikshit said the Service Level Agreements (SLAs) have been implemented to ensure delivery of services by various departments within prescribed time-frame.
''Ms. Dikshit said the Jeevan Centres were also providing single window system for payment of various bills and issue of forms and certificates.
