;;-0.0516;;higher and technical education secretary ajaykumar said this at a news meet at suchana bhavan today, and added that jharkhand needed some 600 new colleges to improve its gross enrolment ratio (ger) of 8.
;;0.6249;;higher and technical education secretary ajaykumar also asked for formal skill development training in miningbigger kebab mapthe great kabab factory, a restaurant chain run via franchisees by delhi-based umak hospitality, is planning an extension.
;;0.2846;;providing state-of-the-art facilities free of cost to start-ups will give a jump-start to entrepreneurs of rajasthan and enable them to prove their mettle to be leaders not just in india, but across the world, said akhilarora , principal secretary of the state department of information technology and communication.
;;0.5106;;the startups and entrepreneurs will be provided free space, internet, and other infrastructure at the bhamashah techno hub, said akhilarora , principal secretary, department of it and communication.
;;0.0258;;on the issue of corruption, akhileshyadav said it was a matter of concern to reduce corruption at all levels and if daily working is associated with latest technology, it could bring transparency.
;;0.0;;earlier, akhileshyadav said that samajwadis had set a precedence of development in the state by constructing this 302-km hi-tech expressway which would open new vistas of development in the state.
;;0.802;;chief minister capt amarindersingh has already announced his governments intent to canalise all rivers of the state with technical support from the world bank and asian development bank to realign river streams and courses, besides strengthening and widening of embankments for a permanent solution.
;;0.2732;;arguing the state's case further, amarindersingh said with the establishment of tissue culture and aeroponic technology at the centre of excellence for potato, at dhogri in jalandhar, the whole seed potato producing area in the state shall come under certified seed potato in the coming 4-5 years.
;;0.0;;bseb chairman anandkishore said the board was in the process to acquire a de-duplication software to screen such candidates and maintain closer scrutiny.
;;0.8934;;the sister city link that began in 2012 will go a long way in strengthening collaboration between the two cities, one of which has a rich knowledge and technology-based economy, while another has a golden treasure of ancient art, culture, heritage and unique architecture, said mayor anantanarayanjena , defining bhubaneswar's transformation as a smart city in the recent past.
;;-0.4588;;berlin: chancellor angelamerkel says she only found out about volkswagen's use of software to cheat on emissions through the media.
;;-0.25;;lauding efforts associated with the project and their innovations, anilbaijal asked the stakeholders to use the latest scientific methods for cleaning drains and urged the experts to provide the latest technologies to urban local bodies to solve waste issues.
;;0.0;;without referring to advani's comments, arunjaitley said the media censorship is not possible today because of the technology itself.
;;0.5556;;on the demonetisation drive, arunjaitley said that the governments bid to go cashless meant less cash and not no cash, as reported by the opposition parties and a section of the media.
;;0.0;;i also intend to set up five more iits (indian institutes of technology) in jammu, chhattisgarh, goa, andhra pradesh and kerala, arunjaitley said while presenting the budget for 2014-15.
;;0.128;;in the budget for 2017-18, finance minister arunjaitley said a digigaon initiative will be launched to provide tele-medicine, education and skills through digital technology.
;;0.4939;;as part of the operation clean money launched on january 31, 2017, arunjaitley said the i-t department would leverage technology and data analysis for e-verification of cash deposits made during the demonetisation period.
;;0.2023;;after addressing sebis board and top officials at a customary post-budget meeting, arunjaitley said he also discussed the future agenda for the capital markets regulatory body, including the evolving technological and policy changes.
;;-0.8402;;but banks are also hiring experts to develop firewalls around their system to make it increasingly difficult to breach it, arunjaitley said, adding that technology has to keep pace with crime.
;;0.0;;to further bolster the cashless transactions, arunjaitley said that sidbi will refinance merchants and businesses based on transaction history.
;;-0.1779;;noting that india has missed the bus because of its conventional thinking when it came to industrial and technology revolutions, arunjaitley said indians have now become aspirational, which is putting pressure on politicians to support reforms initiatives.
;;0.296;;stating that the suggestion was wrong in its entirety, arunjaitley said, to ensure probity in spending, the contact for construction of stadium , through a bidding process, was awarded to a public sector organisation (engineering projects india ltd).
;;0.7506;;share this article related article government opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money billgovernment opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money bill the lpg puzzlethe lpg puzzle aadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie pointsaadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie points hope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arun jaitleyhope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arunjaitley aadhaar bill introduced in lok sabhaaadhaar bill introduced in lok sabha aadhaar gets statutory status; centre to bring bill in two dayswhile wrapping up the debate, arunjaitley said that except for some questions with regard to privacy and disclosure of information which have been raised, most speakers have actually supported the bill.
;;0.4939;;on the privacy issue, arunjaitley said the bill had provisions for taking care of it.
;;0.3818;;why shouldnt we make use of this technology if it helps us catch tax evaders, arunjaitley asked during his reply to the debate on finance bill, which was passed in the evening.
;;0.0;;union finance minister arunjaitley has said that the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
;;0.0772;;a large number of nationally acclaimed institutions have come forward to take research in technology to the next level, arunjaitley said.
;;0.2732;;on the role of customs and the entire tax department, arunjaitley said it has been evolving with changing nature of economy and with increased tools of technology now being available.
;;0.34;;| reutersnew delhi: india will offer tax incentives to small businesses engaged in cashless transactions, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters on tuesday, as part of the government's fight against the cash economy.
;;-0.6599;;the upa legislation, arunjaitley said, was inadequate as it did not contain adequate safeguards on privacy and did not mention for which purpose the uid would be used.
;;-0.6599;;the upa legislation, arunjaitley said, was inadequate as it did not contain adequate safeguards on privacy and did not mention for which purpose the uid would be used.
;;0.6597;;it is proposed to develop 10 prominent tourist sites into iconic tourism destinations by following a holistic approach involving infrastructure and skill development, development of technology, attracting private investment, branding and marketing, finance minister arunjaitley said in his budget speech.
;;0.0;;but ashraf said any such plans for the different formats of the game would only be taken after consulting experts and technocrats of the game.
;;0.25;;these are all priority sectors under 'skill india' and 'make in india' programmes, which require large workforce with advanced technical skills, india's high commissioner in singapore jawed ashraf said here on friday.
;;0.4588;;a total of 15 artistes and technicians who have served the kannada film industry in different areas and contributed towards its development have been chosen for the awards instituted by the kca and information and public relations department, academy chairman s v babu said at a press conference here on monday.
;;-0.5574;;expressing serious concern over reports of failure of evms at several places across the state, babu said he had been saying right from the beginning that evms were unreliable as they were prone to technical glitches.
;;0.0772;;chief minister n babu who launched the first machine said his aim is to make andhra pradesh a crime free state in india through the usage of latest technology in forensic labs.
;;-0.34;;addressing a press conference in amaravati, babu said that he has directed union civil aviation minister p ashok gajapati raju and y satyanarayana chowdary, minister of state for science and technology and earth sciences, to resign from the union cabinet.
;;0.7003;;new delhi: internet of things and new technologies are a deadly combination and will play an important role in the growth of his state, said n babu , chief minister, andhra pradesh.
;;0.5719;;with the help of the advanced technologies, the government is conserving resources, babu said.
;;0.0516;;babu said the big three software services companies - tcs, infosys, cognizant - cutting recruitment by more than half was an alarming prospect for the engineering students.
;;0.2732;;the increase in engineering colleges and the number of seats should have been in proportion to the industry demand, said babu.
;;0.5859;;asserting that every issue related to the construction of the project was being executed based on clearances given by technical committees, babu project authority, central water commission and as per the designs prepared by engineers and experts, babu said that the so-called intellectuals should know all these issues.
;;-0.2263;;the surface water of krishna river will anyway be polluted and along with it the ground water as well, said said k babu , a retired senior scientist from the indian institute of chemical technology.
;;0.7783;;for highly specialised technology and labour, we will bring in outside consultants for the purpose, but we will deliver the vessels to the indian navys satisfaction and also on time, admiral babu said.
;;0.0;;thiruvananthapuram: the procedures are on to set up the headquarters of the apj abdul kalam technological university on a piece of land at vilappilsala in thiruvananthapuram district , education minister c babu told the assembly on monday.
;;0.4019;;our hr will take a call tomorrow morning whether to declare a holiday (on tuesday), said babu , a software engineer.
;;0.6249;;for our part, the united states continues to look at our export controls to make sure indian companies have the same access to american technology as our closest allies, barackobama told pti in a wide-ranging interview.
;;0.7351;;with a creative spirit and a drive for innovation, he pioneered new technologies that have rightfully received worldwide acclaim, u.s. president barackobama said.
;;0.7351;;with a creative spirit and a drive for innovation, he pioneered new technologies that have rightfully received worldwide acclaim, u.s. president barackobama said.
;;0.4393;;we've also seen intellectual property, technologies that were created by us companies, with a lot of investment, a lot of up-front capital, taken, not protected properly, by chinese firms, barackobama said.
;;0.6124;;technological progress without an equivalent progress in human institutions can doom us, barackobama said, adding that such technology requires a moral revolution as well.
;;0.0;;in a much-anticipated speech that ranged from broad principles to technical details, barackobama said he would end the vast collection of phone data as it exists today.
;;0.0;;we plan to more than double the software robots to over 500 by end of this fiscal, chandakochhar , md and ceo, icici bank, said.
;;0.128;;deputy commissioner-cum-secretary (information technology) dr s b deepakkumar said, this is the third service that we have launched this month.
;;0.1531;;ut special secretary information technology sb deepakkumar said that the existing policy provided companies to avail space at the centre at low rents, which was not the motive of starting the edc.
;;0.0;;the software identifies the words which find an entry in the dictionary and translates them into marathi, said deepak , the officiating controller of the examination.
;;-0.128;;its advertisement also amounts to violation of cotpa under section 5, said deepak , executive director, seeds, the technical support partner of the jharkhand health department in implementation of the national tobacco control programme in five districts of the state.
;;0.128;;deputy commissioner-cum-secretary (information technology) dr s b deepak said, this is the third service that we have launched this month.
;;0.1531;;ut special secretary information technology sb deepak said that the existing policy provided companies to avail space at the centre at low rents, which was not the motive of starting the edc.
;;0.7506;;technically, with the nifty trading in a tight range and holding above the crucial supports of 11,550, the index remains in a mild intermediate uptrend, said deepak , head of retail research for hdfc securities.
;;0.0;;so thats why youve named your son fidel, deepak told joshi, a lecturer at the business department of the higher college of technology .
;;0.7506;;technically, with the nifty reversing the recent uptrend and entering into a new downtrend, the index could now head towards the next major supports of 11,227-11,180 in the coming week, said deepak , head of retail research for hdfc securities.
;;0.0;;deepak kumar (23), a resident of anisabad, said: i have filled up two examination forms, one of technical assistant in the indian railway and another for assistant in the cabinet secretariat.
;;0.6369;;technology can never replace people-to-people contact between the government and the people and women are best suited to that role, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday.
;;0.765;;prince dhawan , director (information technology), said, it is a turning point for the city beautiful which has embarked upon its journey to become a smart city.
;;0.0;;near reception, computers enabled with net are lined up to facilitate the visitors have the feel of new age technology- which is now almost paperless, in collating information, says the librarian dr ramesh gandhi.
;;0.7096;;sharing the details on twitter, gandhi said, ms shipra (name changed), who was employed at supertech ltd noida, reached out to me for help after she was terminated due to maternity.
;;-0.4215;;speaking about the poor innovation in india, gandhi said there was a lack of funding.
;;0.3818;;gandhi said the education system needs a reform where phd research should be linked to industry and innovation.
;;-0.25;;hitting out hard at the centre, gandhi said first the government offered sops to push people to use debit/credit cards and when the people started using more of cashless means, now lack of coordination with banks and their policies is forcing petrol pump owners to adopt these drastic steps.
;;0.0;;when asked about data privacy, gandhi said it companies have understood that india and china has large data.
;;0.1027;;while gandhi said proof of orders given to hal was needed, the defence minister on sunday released details of contracts signed and those where requests for proposal have been issued and contracts are at technical evaluation stage.
;;0.0;;this is not correct as postal services would continue to be in step with the times and render services in tandem with the new technology, gandhi said.
;;0.5423;;i think we should be playing to our strengths, and if we can prepare rank turners, that's where other teams technique and their temperament will be tested, gautamgambhir told reporters.
;;0.0;;vk gautham , principal secretary of states information technology department, said the concern is a valid one.
;;0.0;;vk gautham , principal secretary of the states information technology department, said they have 50 teams deployed on the ground to sort out issues at the hotspots.
;;0.0;;v k gautham , principal secretary (information technology), maharashtra government, said, we are paying the mtnl for their bandwidth.
;;-0.4939;;meanwhile, v k gautham , principal secretary (information technology), told the indian express that zero incidents on mantralayas network had been reported following the virus scare of wannacry.
;;0.0;;in rural areas, we register children in anganwadis but in urban areas, many of them don't come to anganwadis, state information technology chief v k gautham said.
;;0.0;;in rural areas, we register children in anganwadis but in urban areas, many of them don't come to anganwadis, state information technology chief v k gautham said.
;;0.0;;principal secretary information technology vk gautham told toi that a three-pronged strategy has been adapted by the government to address the shortcomings in this age group.
;;-0.4939;;bathinda deputy commissioner ghanshyamthori , who convened a meeting of senior officials of departments concerned, said whitefly-friendly weed would be destroyed under technical guidance from the agriculture department before march 11.
;;0.0;;an average american software-engineer in the us, gets anything between $1,40,000 to $1,70,000 depending on which school has the graduate passed out from, said gogia , ceo and chief analyst of greyhound research.
;;0.4404;;new delhi: the indian it industry will have to step up on innovation amid challenges like need for new products, digital disruption and shrinking manpower requirements triggered by software automation, vice president hamidansari said on saturday while inaugurating the new headquarters of the national association of software services companies in noida.
;;0.0;;eliminating malaria and tuberculosis (tb) were high on the radar of the government, said dr harshvardhan , union minister for health and family welfare, science and technology and earth sciences.
;;0.6124;;health minister harshvardhan said the health ministry is providing all logistical and technical support to the state government in terms of surveillance and diagnostic kits to strengthen their efforts in addressing je.
;;-0.3182;;rajesh jain , one of the builders of arihant arden society, said that the process of changing the transformer is facing a delay due to technical issues.
;;-0.296;;jain said he had suggested to the discoms in the first meeting with them to shut down the plants that have become obsolete in technical terms.
;;-0.296;;jain said he immediately checked up with spectra computech,which said no such cheque was issued to it.
;;-0.4019;;pawan jain told toi that it's a dispute between right to information and right to privacy.
;;0.0;;chief minister jayalalithaa had said that it was a meteorite fall that caused the mishap at the campus of a private engineering college.
;;0.0;;chief minister jayalalithaa had said that it was a meteorite fall that caused the mishap at the campus of a private engineering college.
;;-0.34;;by ptiwashington: digital technologies offer a hope in the fight against corruption which is a problem in every single country of the world, world bank president jimyongkim has said.
;;0.4404;;'use space technology for social good'september 26, 2015, bengaluru, dhns 1:47 istindian space research organisation (isro) chairman a s kirankumar said there is a need to use space technology for social good and development.
;;0.802;;isro will provide satellite-generated information to the railways through space technology-based tools that will provide safety at unmanned level crossings, isro chairman a s kirankumar told reporters here yesterday in reply to a question on how will isro help the railways in using the navigational support system.
;;0.1027;;the technological demonstration flight of the reusable launch vehicle (rlv) is scheduled for september at sriharikota in andhra pradesh, indian space research organisation (isro) chairman a s kirankumar told reporters here.
;;-0.2732;;addressing a gathering after delivering a lecture on space technology and societal applications, a s kirankumar , chairman, isro, said on monday that isro is working on designing reuseable satellite launch vehicles in an effort to cut down cost.
;;-0.3818;;the commissioning of the facility also symbolises the countrys capability in establishing such world-class facilities wherein technology from outside is restricted or not available, kirankumar said.
;;-0.4767;;prof kirankumar , educationist and former executive council member, visvesvaraya technological university, says that one of the main reasons for the state institutions' poor grading is due to the fact that institutions do not understand education compliance.
;;-0.3818;;the commissioning of the facility also symbolises the countrys capability in establishing such world class facilities wherein technology from outside is restricted or not available,'' kirankumar said.
;;0.5719;;this will also make grasim the top cement company with the largest selling brand (ultratech), among the top 10 diversified nbfcs, among the top four private life insurers and the number 3 telecom operator, aditya birla group chairman kumarmangalambirla told reporters here this evening.
;;-0.4404;;while some analysts have said the plans will raise infosyss cost burden and impact its margins, deputy chief operating officer kumarravi said it would make indias second-biggest software services company nimbler.
;;0.5423;;we are excited to announce the expansion of our presence in connecticut and to create 1,000 technology jobs in the state, infosys president kumarravi said.
;;0.0;;this is in contrast to joining a large organisation where there would be lesser ownership, and therefore, lesser learning, belong's chief technology officer (cto) vinodh kumarravi said.
;;0.5423;;we are excited to announce the expansion of our presence in connecticut and create 1,000 technology jobs in the state, infosys president kumarravi said.
;;0.7269;;factors like viability of implementation, city vision and strategy, economic and environmental impacts of the plan, cost effectiveness, innovation and scalability and the process followed for preparing the dpr, including consultation of the citizens, will be taken into account for preparing the final list of 20 cities, union urban development minister m.venkaiahnaidu told deccan herald.
;;0.6478;;in these days of high technological advancements, authorities should ensure a more secure and fool-proof system while conducting such recruitment examinations, says madan.
;;-0.2617;;new delhi, dec 5, 2015 (pti) 15:49 isttechnical flights have started from rain-hit chennai airport where operations were suspended on wednesday following flooding but it may take 2-3 days to resume commercial flights, union minister maheshsharma said today.
;;-0.2617;;rain-hit chennai airport resumes technical flightsnew delhi, dec 5, 2015, (pti) 13:46 isttechnical flights have started from rain-hit chennai airport where operations were suspended on wednesday following flooding but it will take a few days to resume commercial flights, union minister maheshsharma said today.
;;-0.5591;;either you fix such technical problems or do not stop funds citing such lame excuses, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.3612;;watch video: whats making newswe discussed a lot of topics like investment, technology, culture and social media, mamatabanerjee said after the meeting.
;;0.296;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has told me that bengal will join the all-india single entrance test for engineering from 2014, sibal said at a news conference in the city.
;;0.7964;;there is certain amount of intellectual investment which india has made in the development of tech industry on the us, congress party spokesperson manishtewari said.
;;0.5423;;the ultimate goal is to prevent corruption by use of technology and minimizing the discretion process, chief minister manoharlalkhattar told senior officers at a meeting, the first of its kind on eradicating corruption, here this week.
;;0.0;;a university is also being set up for developing and honing the skills of youths through about 800 technical courses, manoharlalkhattar said.
;;0.0;;a university is also being set up for developing and honing the skills of youths through about 800 technical courses, manoharlalkhattar said.
;;0.4019;;london: chief minister manoharlalkhattar said in london he wants to transform haryana into a silicon valley, which attracts expats and tech companies from overseas.
;;0.6249;;speaking at the event, manoharlalkhattar also said, industrial organisations have to play an active role in bridging their gap with the technical institutes of the state.
;;0.0;;accompanied by union minister of state for human resource development satya pal singh, manoharlalkhattar said the technopark cost the state government about rs 175 crore.
;;0.5719;;panaji, aug 30, 2015, (pti) 12:20 istunion defence minister manoharparrikar has said the drdo's transfer of technology deal with yoga guru ramdev's trust will fetch rs 50 crore revenue for the people of leh region.
;;0.0;;hospitals should get cashless transaction system, says parrikarmangaluru, dec 26, 2016, dhns: 23:36 istdefence minister manoharparrikar said that a cashless system should be introduced in all government and private hospitals across the country.
;;0.1027;;asked about defence trade and technology initiative (dtti) with the us, manoharparrikar said it is already there.
;;0.2263;;speaking to reporters on the sidelines of an industry exhibition on technology and material sciences in navi mumbai, manoharparrikar said during the past 23 months that i have been in charge, we have signed contracts worth rs 2.
;;0.7579;;'defence food lab should work for farmers'mysuru, may 8, 2016, dhns: 23:57 istunion defence minister manoharparrikar on sunday said he has directed the defence food research laboratory (dfrl) authorities to utilise their technical skills for the benefit of local farmers and producers to increase their economic status.
;;-0.296;;b'bowing to pressure from within bjp against the us-based playboy clubs move to open its facility in the coastal state,goa chief minister manoharparrikar today said the application would not be considered by his government on technical grounds.
;;0.0;;by september 30, 2018, my government will go cashless, manoharparrikar said while speaking at a seminar organised by nabard (national bank for agriculture and rural development) at a function here.
;;0.3818;;it was in january this year, while speaking at the state credit seminar 2018-19 organised by the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), manoharparrikar said the state government would go cashless by september 30.
;;0.0;;by september 30 my government will go cashless, manoharparrikar said.
;;0.0;;in november 2016, post demon, manoharparrikar had announced that goa would be the first state in the country to go cashless and would achieve this by december 31, 2016.
;;0.0;;vasco: chief minister manoharparrikar on friday said that the union government can look at italy, russia and south korea for transfer for technology (tot) to build 12 mine counter measure vessels (mcmv) for the indian navy at the goa shipyard ltd ( gsl ).
;;-0.4019;;the problems here are complex, both technically and philosophically, markzuckerberg said in a posting.
;;0.765;;govt depts should have space cell: pmnew delhi, sep 08, 2015, dhns: 0:43 istevery government department will need to create a space cell to find the new and innovative ways of utilising the benefits of space technologies in policy planning and governance, prime minister modi said.
;;0.5719;;citing chinas ascendancy as the second largest economy in the world largely on its success in science and technology, modi said equal attention has been given to r&d in make in india campaign.
;;0.2382;;modi said good governance was not just about policy and decision making, transparency and accountability but also about integrating science and technology into the choices to be made and the strategies to be pursued.
;;0.6908;;responding to a number of suggestions with regard to digitalisation received throughout the day on a specially-created platform on social media, modi said, we are doing everything possible to make enterprise and innovation easier.
;;0.4404;;modi said reforming the citizen-government interface and the processes of governance, innovation and keeping pace with the latest technology were challenges before the government.
;;0.7096;;prominent sectors like engineering, automotive, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, retail, shipping/marine are showing increased recruitment activity, modi said.
;;0.5719;;addressing the india-japan business leaders forum here with japanese prime minister shinzo abe, who arrived here on friday on a three-day official visit, modi said india is a land of possibilities with excellent human resources and a technological base.
;;0.7845;;addressing a meeting last year, prime minister modi asked the drdo to bring in fresh blood and give leadership positions to new talents in an effort to spur innovation and technology development.
;;0.0;;advocating reforms in bureaucracy, modi said there is a need to give impetus to reforms and technology as the day is not far when the world will look at m-governance or mobile governance.
;;0.8316;;modi said he and merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine.
;;0.889;;renewing government's commitment to creating favourable conditions for business and industry, modi said: never before is india so well prepared to absorb talent, technology and investment from outside.
;;0.5859;;india, modi said, also wants to see a genuine global public partnership that makes clean energy affordable and provides finance and technology to developing countries to access it.
;;-0.7351;;prime minister modi announced several indian initiatives in the area of nuclear security and non-proliferation, including countering nuclear smuggling and use of technology to prevent nuclear terrorism.
;;0.8316;;modi said he and merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine.
;;-0.0516;;kolkata, apr 1, 2o17 (pti) 23:37 istprime minister modi today said pitched for enhanced use of information technology to solve day-to-day problems facing the society and urged budding innovators to come out with solutions.
;;0.2732;;modi said he strongly believed that technology can and must bridge the divide between the government and the citizens.
;;0.6705;;modi said that at a time when major powers are reducing their troop strength and relying more on technology, india is still constantly seeking to expand the size of its forces.
;;0.8519;;addressing the sri lankan parliament, modi said: my vision of an ideal neighbourhood is one in which trade, investment and technology flow easily across the border, where partnerships are formed with ease of routine.
;;0.7351;;modi said he assured wickremesinghe of india's continuing commitment to its development partnership - in infrastructure, railways, energy, community development projects, agriculture, capacity building, science and technology, space and civil nuclear field.
;;-0.34;;modi told the visiting leaders that india would work together with the pacific island countries towards adaptation of technologies to combat the effects of climate change.
;;0.6369;;modi said there is a need to move forward, taking advantage of the strength of human resources and technological base.
;;0.8402;;expressing happiness over the broad range of outcomes, modi said, we can look forward with confidence to increased investment, trade and technology partnerships in manufacturing, infrastructure and skill development.
;;0.765;;i am pleased that six years after we signed our bilateral agreement, we are moving towards commercial cooperation, consistent with our law, our international legal obligations, and technical and commercial viability, modi announced after a meeting with obama, who commenced his three-day visit to new delhi on sunday.
;;0.8442;;modi had said the police should be smart (sensitive and smart, modern with mobility, alert and accountable, reliable and responsive and trained and tech-savvy).
;;0.34;;in his address at the inaugural session of the third india-africa forum summit (iafs), modi said the world was undergoing political, economic, technological and security transition on a scale and speed rarely seen in recent history and yet the global institutions reflected the circumstances of the century that we left behind.
;;0.5267;;we will make available our space assets and technology, modi said while also promising to work to reduce digital divide within africa and between africa and the rest of the world.
;;0.6444;;modi said this time, the scheme has got wide acceptability because it has been made quite extensive and easy and involves use of technology.
;;0.0258;;one of the key objectives should be to work towards technology penetration  for instance, electricity and mobile phone reach  in the tribal areas, modi said.
;;0.6369;;pm vows to deliver open, accountable administrationnew delhi, dec 25, 2014, (pti) 10:55 iston 'good governance day, prime minister modi today said efforts are being made for re-engineering of government processes as part of the promise to provide an open and accountable administration.
;;0.0;;modi asked the students to learn techniques of checkmating from vishwanathan, before he aired the chess grandmasters message on radio for them.
;;0.3818;;2 billion connected indians drive innovation; technology ensures the citizen-government interface is incorruptible, modi said.
;;0.2732;;recently, the government had increased fdi in the sector to 49 per cent and last week prime minister modi had said that mncs could go in for majority ownership, provided they transfer the technology.
;;0.7096;;referring to space technology, modi said india's gift of a dedicated satellite for the saarc region has been planned for launch in 2016.
;;0.9509;;the statement said the two prime ministers welcomed the agreement reached between the two governments for cooperation in peaceful uses of nuclear energy and confirmed that this agreement will be signed after the technical details are finalised including those relating to necessary internal proceduresafter the talks, modi also announced that recognising our special relationship, india will extend 'visa on arrival' to all japanese citizens from 1st march 2016.
;;-0.8555;;new delhi, july 26, 2015, (ians) 17:41 istshocked over one fatality every four minutes in road accidents in india, prime minister modi on sunday said his government will soon implement a road safety policy and cashless treatment for accident victims.
;;0.0;;society is becoming technology driven and it is essential to look towards affordable technology, modi said addressing 'visitors' conference at rashtrapati bhavan.
;;0.4939;;modi said there could not have been a century where technology played an important role as much as it does now.
;;0.6428;;we are grateful that we have billions of minds but as long as we do not give a proper environment, develop a mechanism, mobilise resources, then these minds will be useless and therefore, there is one way to make realise our dreams and that is only through innovation, modi said.
;;0.836;;for india it has become mandatory for future generations to bring forth innovation which are cheap, good and also easily adaptable by common people and if we are able to do this, billions of people will be able to adopt it, modi said.
;;0.2732;;new delhi, nov 2, 2016, pti: 21:43 istprime minister modi today said credibility is the biggest challenge for media in the age of technology and it is important for media establishments to maintain it.
;;-0.3182;;modi said around four lakh bihari students were studying in engineering colleges in other states resulting in a loss of about rs 4000 crore to bihar every year.
;;0.7579;;modi said president karimov was also supportive of strengthening ongoing cooperation in the areas of agriculture, information technology and energy.
;;0.6124;;partner with india, modi urges foreign defence firmsbengaluru, feb 18, 2015 (ians): 19:28 istfrom being just sellers of defence equipment, foreign firms must evolve into strategic partners as india wants their technology, skills, systems integration and manufacturing strength, prime minister modi said here wednesday.
;;0.0;;from sellers, foreign firms must turn into strategic partners and use india as part of their global supply chain, modi said at the inaugural ceremony of the aero india trade expo in this tech hub.
;;0.5423;;noting that defence budgets the world over were shrinking, modi said in his brief address to the gathering, which included defence ministers and air chiefs of a dozen countries from the world over, adding that the country's frugal manufacturing and engineering services sector could help foreign firms reduce costs.
;;0.8221;;terming the 10th edition of the biennial air show as the largest ever, reflecting the country's new confidence level and global interest in india, modi said the trade expo was a mega-meeting of the global supply chains, with the most advanced technology and equipment.
;;0.3818;;we also want to increase cooperation in science and technology, mining among other sectors, modi said in a statement issued shortly before his departure from new delhi.
;;0.6486;;the satellite will prove to be a boon in the progress of the entire (south asia) region as it will facilitate natural resources mapping, tele-medicine, information technology connectivity and people-to-people contact, prime minister modi said on sunday in his mann ki baat radio programme.
;;0.5523;;pm modi inaugurates 103rd indian science congress in mysurumysuru, jan 3, 2016, (ians/agencies): 12:01 istprime minister modi on sunday said good governance is not limited to policy and decision-making, it is also about integrating science and technology in choices we make and strategies we pursue.
;;0.7003;;emphasising that the centre wanted to empower the states with finances, technology and knowledge so that they are able to plan better and execute even better, modi said the cabinet resolution setting up niti aayog provides for appointment of regional councils with specific mandates for specific time periods.
;;0.8316;;modi said he and merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine.
;;0.7227;;by 'smart' policing, i mean s for strict but sensitive, m for modern and mobile, a for alert and accountable, r for reliable and responsive and t for techno-savvy and trained, modi said while addressing the dgp's conference here.
;;0.7096;;the campaign 'gram uday se bharat uday abhiyan' (village self governance campaign) has been inspired by amdedkar, who was farsighted and a votary of social harmony and modern technology, modi said.
;;0.765;;i am pleased that six years after we signed our bilateral agreement, we are moving towards commercial cooperation, consistent with our law, our international legal obligations, and technical and commercial viability, modi said.
;;-0.5106;;modi said the two countries will deepen their bilateral security cooperation against terrorist groups and further enhance counter-terrorism capabilities including in the area of technology.
;;0.4019;;addressing the convention organised by the bharatiya janata party at the angadi institute of technology and management, modi said farmers who are not able to cultivate lands due to dry spells during the sowing season would also get insurance cover.
;;-0.5423;;modi said the poorest should also have access to science and technology.
;;0.3182;;delivering the presidential address at the 103rd indian science congress in mysuru on sunday, modi said that attempts should be made to integrate traditional techniques with the attempts to increase farm yield.
;;-0.6705;;find solutions to climate change,energy crisis: pm to studentsvaranasi, feb 22, 2016 (pti) 16:46 istciting global problems of climate change, energy crisis and deadly diseases, prime minister modi today asked the indian students to take up the challenge of finding solutions to these through innovation and research instead of merely doing cut-paste work.
;;-0.0516;;come up with innovations that may help the world in bringing down temperatures a bit, help the humanity overcome the grave energy crisis it is likely to face if renewable and sustainable alternative sources are not found, modi told the gathering of bhu scholars and academics.
;;0.0;;in late april, prime minister modi announced that india had become 100  electrified  a village is technically electrified if 10  of its households have power connections  but according to his governments own data, 31 million households in india remain without electricity.
;;0.6124;;modi said access in services is important for india during this review and the two sides need an agreement that reflects investment, technology and services and not just trade in goods.
;;0.5499;;this tunnel is not just the longest tunnel but a big leap for jammu and kashmir in terms of development, modi said, describing the engineering feat as the states fate-line that will translate dreams into reality.
;;0.2732;;in his periodic review of infrastructure sector on tuesday, modi asked niti aayog to examine global standards in the application of technology for infrastructure creation, and their feasibility in india.
;;0.0;;noting the decline in coal imports in the last year, modi asked for even more vigorous efforts towards coal import substitution, and application of new coal technologies including gasification technology.
;;0.8173;;praising ramdev, modi said he was very happy the way the yoga guru was working to develop ayurved with modern techniques.
;;0.4939;;the nehru-gandhi family is rattled seeing that this chaiwala has completed five years with full strength, said pm modi charging the congress of relegating sardar patel to oblivion and engineering the downfall of the morarji desai government in 1970s.
;;0.9081;;the us is a vital partner for our national development, with rich possibilities of partnership in education, skills, research, technology and innovation, and an enabler for india in economic growth and national security, modi said.
;;-0.296;;in a way it is no secret at all the reality is that technology was used extensively in my conversation with bear grylls, modi said.
;;0.0;;i have set a target to reduce import dependence by 10  by 2022, prime minister modi told the petrotech conference in new delhi last month.
;;0.9413;;11:10 am ist hope chandrayaan mission will inspire youth: pm modi discussing indias feat in space venture, exhbited recently through chandrayaan-2 mission, pm modi said, i fervently hope that chandrayaan-2 mission will inspire our youth towards science & innovation.
;;0.3182;;after prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8, the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy.
;;-0.128;;12:40 pm ist visit opens new pathways of cooperation tweeting about his meeting with president putin, pm modi said, during our visit, president putin showed me cutting edge technologies at the shipyard.
;;0.4019;;coming back to demonetisation, modi said that cashless would take india step-by-step, slowly in the direction of a clean economy.
;;0.9022;;the central government is working to increase speed of trains and also striving to bring in global technology to make railways safer, as safety is of greatest concern, modi said.
;;0.0;;we have used technology in the working of the government, which has helped bring transparency, modi says.
;;0.0;;stressing the importance of information technology and communication in changing times, prime minister modi said on sunday that courts could use video conferencing to communicate with government officials instead of summoning them to appear in court, saving time and money.
;;-0.4019;;modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
;;-0.4019;;pm modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
;;0.6486;;we have travelled from zero to mars, we have travelled from upanishad to upagrah, modi said in his address to thousands of innovators and engineers at indias biggest innovation fest named smart india hackathon.
;;0.0;;months before prime minister modi announced demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country, a low level government karmachari in jharkhands latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction.
;;-0.8442;;also read: exclusive| we are deciding direction india takes: pm modicommenting on the recent un listing of jems masood azhar as a global terrorist after china withdrew its technical hold on such a listing, modi said everyone was wrongly describing this as a china-related issue when, in reality, it is about global terror.
;;0.6597;;we have changed the work culture, modi said adding the emphasis now is on re-engineering the processes to improve efficiency.
;;0.0;;the technology has undergone a drastic transformation in the last 20 years, modi said adding the aspirations of the youths have to be kept in mind in this era.
;;0.4588;;highlighting the need to increase tax base and adopt new technology, prime minister modi on tuesday asked young tax officials to be people-centric.
;;0.3818;;seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions, modi said for every person introduced to the bhim app, one will get a cashback of rs 10.
;;0.7096;;i urge those involved with the start up sector to innovate on aspects where technology can help the judiciary, pm modi said while speaking at the 150th year celebrations of the allahabad high court.
;;0.875;;modi said the state could be the best destination for taiwan as it offers a huge scope in value addition for chemicals,petrochemicals,electronics,telecommunications,biotechnology and genomics,machine tools,clean and green energy,solar power,renewable energy and ship-building.
;;0.5574;;speaking at the youth convention on innovation and technology,which marked the inauguration,modi said,i had a dream and for that,i was looking for the right people.
;;0.0;;technology has impacted the print,electronic and social media immensely, modi said.
;;0.3818;;seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions, modi said for every person you introduce to the bhim app, you will get a cash back of rs 10.
;;0.6808;;as part of his plans for indias resurgence,modi said removal of corruption and good governance were his mantras that could turn the nation around and said technology can help eradicate corruption.
;;0.875;;56 pm: calling for a strong india-france relations, pm modi said,be it trade and technology, innovation and investment, energy, education and enterprise, we want to give a boost to india-france ties.
;;0.6597;;(source: pti photo)exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology, prime minister modi on monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when india would celebrate 75 years of independence.
;;-0.7845;;modi also said the technology should instil fear among the criminals.
;;0.2732;;modi said the two countries will be opening new avenues for cooperation, including in the energy sector, telecommunications and science and technology.
;;0.0;;the students who had done two years of iti after 10th standard would get admission in diploma engineering colleges and graduation colleges,modi announced.
;;-0.0865;;readgonda: prime minister gonda: prime minister modi (pti)up elections 2017: sp, bsp for fractured mandate to have bargaining power, claims pm modithe sp and the bsp, after the third phase of polling, have realised that they have no chance of winning and so they have launched a new game, a new techniqueeven if we are defeated or our seats decrease, no one should get majority, prime minister modi said on monday.
;;0.1027;;pm modi said that both countries decided to collaborate on defence production and transfer of technology.
;;-0.4588;;committed to facilitate bhutans development through the use of space technology, modi said india will enhance the communication, public broadcasting and disaster management coverage in bhutan.
;;0.2023;;modi also said the collaboration and relationship between royal bhutan university and iits of india and some other top educational institutions are in line with todays requirements for education and technology.
;;0.8074;;addressing more than 10,000 engineering students in 26 districts through video conferencing, modi said: india is a youthful nation, and the youth of india is blessed with phenomenal energy.
;;0.7003;;modi said the use of technology would save time and ensure that lawyers made arguments in court with sharpness that would help judges in taking decisions faster.
;;0.5423;;highlighting how modern warfare had become technology-driven and india could not have a fragmented approach on defence, modi said, today we have decided that we will now have a chief of defence staff, cds, and after formation of this post, all the three forces will get effective leadership at the top level.
;;0.6444;;modi said this time, the scheme has got wide acceptability because it has been made quite extensive and easy and involves use of technology.
;;0.0;;pushing for digital economy, modi asked the youngsters at the rally to download the bhim app and contribute to a cashless economy.
;;0.3818;;modi said,l&t also displayed social responsibility during the 2006 floods when its employees helped people in surat with various technical equipment to remove debris and clear main roads.
;;0.7414;;this will be done through jan bhagidari: pm modi10:12 pm: pm modi asserts the true essence of democracy is jan bhagidari (peoples participation)10:08 pm: insisting that we live in a technology driven era, pm modi said there is a need to use technology more and innovate more.
;;0.8074;;modi said he and lofven would also interact with top business leaders of both the countries and chart out a future roadmap of cooperation in sectors such as trade and investment, science and technology, clean energy and smart cities.
;;0.5719;;as a result, we have agreed on an innovation partnership and a joint action plan, said pm modi.
;;0.3818;;(reuters photo)modi said innovation, investment, start-ups, manufacturing etc.
;;0.34;;speaking at an anti-corruption meet organised by the central vigilance commission, pm modi said corruption is not something we can have in our system and technology has a major role to play in that.
;;0.539;;during the address, pm modi said that there is a need to use technology more and innovate more.
;;0.1027;;chief minister modi on monday said that after establishing vadodara as an engineering hub,his government is all set to develop the area as a new hub of defence engineering.
;;0.7003;;modi said the use of technology would save time and ensure that lawyers make sharp arguments in court that would help judges in taking decisions faster.
;;0.0;;modi said, we in india believe in both exploring the frontiers of science and technology, and researching the depths of our soul.
;;0.4033;;modi said technology is bringing big changes and keeping this in mind, the countrys law universities should develop such kind of talents.
;;0.8316;;modi said he and merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine.
;;0.3612;;the idea is that india and japan along with other willing partners work jointly in sectors like skill development, information technology, manufacturing, health and connectivity, modi said.
;;0.2023;;advertisingit started when modi asked reporters to let the leaders talk in privacy and added that if anything important is there, they will be informed.
;;0.0;;further explaining his stand against demonetisation, the former union minister said, 80 per cent transactions in germany and austria is cash-based, in australia it is 60 per cent, canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent, and prime minister modi says india will go 100 per cent cashless.
;;0.8481;;seeking deeper economic engagement, modi said indias capacities in trade, investments, information and communication technology, space, agriculture, health care, small and medium scale industry can bring wide spread economic benefit to the sco countries.
;;0.7549;;pm modi also asked students to embrace the challenge of accepting newer technologies and said that they must not lose morale after facing setbacks while innovating new things.
;;0.3818;;describing the new age as era of internet of things, pm modi said that technologies and innovation can be used to power changes.
;;0.6808;;read: gst will reflect spirit of one nation, one aspiration: top 10 points from pm modis niti aayog meethere are the highlights:6:22 pm: use of technologies such as bhim, aadhaar would result in significant savings for states, says pm modi6:18 pm: states should use govt e-marketplace to reduce corruption, increase transparency in govt procurement: pm modi6:10 pm: pm modi asks states, local govts, ngos to decide goals for 2022 and work in mission mode to achieve them.
;;0.0;;our priority should be to make science and technology affordable to the masses with zero-effect and zero-defect, modi said.
;;0.875;;while addressing the press via video-conference, pm modi said that he is convinced that when leaders join hands and mutually share the fruits of knowledge, technology and growth, development and prosperity can increase.
;;0.9042;;read | vibrant gujarat global summit: global ceos go gaga over pm modis policiesstating that india has improved its policies, practices and economic profile in the last two years, modi said the country has improved its ranking in the world banks doing business report, and has moved up 16 ranks in the global innovation index 2016.
;;0.1779;;now, we will have to look for technological solutions, modi said.
;;0.1779;;now, we will have to look for technological solutions, modi said.
;;0.1779;;now, we will have to look for technological solutions, modi said.
;;0.5994;;also read | heres what twitterati think what pm modi should have spoken in his #mannkibaatthe more our young generation works for research, innovation, inventing technology for solutions to our daily life problems and provide an easy relief from our problems, it will contribute immensely to making of the modern india of 21st century and that will be the real tribute to abdul kalam, modi said.
;;0.7003;;describing internet as a gamechanger,gujarat chief minister modi said thursday politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance,accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people.
;;0.0;;modi said his government has used modern technology in governance and implementation of policies.
;;0.4215;;coining a new equation,modi said indian talent plus information technology is equal to india tomorrow.
;;0.6597;;we have changed the work culture, modi said adding the emphasis now is on re-engineering the processes to improve efficiency.
;;0.0;;the technology has undergone a drastic transformation in the last 20 years, modi said adding the aspirations of the youths have to be kept in mind in this era.
;;0.8885;;adding that the launch will give a boost to indias lunar programme, modi said, efforts such as #chandrayaan2 will further encourage our bright youngsters towards science, top-quality research and innovation.
;;0.6908;;modi said the smart city mission aims to integrate digital technology into rapidly urbanising environment and there is already a high level of interest from the uk in projects in pune, amaravati and indore.
;;0.6597;;i believe that india and the uk must continue to nurture and support an ecosystem of high quality fundamental research to pave the way for joint technology development that can address global challenges, modi said.
;;0.8832;;stating that indias partnership with uk in industrial research has been one of the most exciting programmes, modi said the global innovation & technology alliance or gita platform of cii and department of science and technology along with innovate-uk supports industry led r&d projects in affordable healthcare, clean technology, manufacturing and information and communications and technology (ict).
;;0.7003;;b'describing internet as a gamechanger,gujarat chief minister modi today said politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance,accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people.
;;0.4215;;coining a new equation,modi said indian talent plus information technology is equal to india tomorrow.
;;0.6808;;citizens are netizensthis is a wired republic, modi said,adding that technology can bring accountability,transparency and help in good governance.
;;0.0;;modi said his government has used modern technology in governance and implementation of policies.
;;-0.743;;(the canadian press via ap)prime minister modi has announced several key initiatives taken by his government in the area of nuclear security and non-proliferation, including countering nuclear smuggling and deployment of technology to deter nuclear terrorism.
;;0.802;;(ap photo)prime minister modi on tuesday here asked the iits, iiits and other technical institutions to create an atmosphere for boosting up the make in india campaign so that the country could not only step in a big way to manufacture defence equipment, but also lead the world in ensuring cyber security and supply skilled manpower globally in the next few years.
;;0.34;;interacting with over 2,500 students of engineering colleges and universities from all the northeast at the iit campus here, prime minister modi also said that indian youth had the potential of leading the world in cyber security.
;;0.5574;;having been handed the responsibility of creating 30 outfits for padukones character leela,the designer set about doing in-depth research,looking at reviving old techniques and arts and then giving it a contemporary twist,which is my signature touch, says modi.
;;0.2023;;with the hi-tech research institute equipped with a state-of-the-art laboratory, a significant step had been taken in that direction, modi said, addressing a gathering after the inauguration.
;;0.1134;;calling on party workers to use technology to spread their message, pm modi said that in current age of social media if they are not active, then they would cede the space to anti-national and anti-social elements.
;;0.0;;we walk less now and the same technology tells us that we are not walking enough, modi said at the event.
;;0.0772;;we want to build cooperation in new areas, especially some high-technology areas, that have a deeper connect with the youth in both our societies, modi said.
;;0.0;;expressing the need to bridge the digital divide, pm modi said, we are living in the era of technology.
;;-0.8225;;prime minister modi on friday said the opposition was frustrated over repeated electoral defeats and was spreading lies about the bjp-led government, and asked party mps to counter the lies using technology and by working among the people.
;;0.8316;;modi said that he and merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine.
;;0.5106;;narendra modi said the need of the hour was to adopt modern technology in increasing the land under cultivation to reverse the scenario of decline in agri growth.
;;0.3612;;modi said farmers should employ modern techniques like greenhouse farming,tent-house and polyhouse farming.
;;0.0;;when modi asked the country to try out digital payments following the governments demonetisation move, kumar took on the cudgels to make palnar cashless.
;;0.3182;;invoking former president dr apj abdul kalam, modi said that the future is going to be technology driven and we needed to embrace it.
;;0.7783;;and i myself try my level best to update myself with technology and if you want any information in real time about india, me and the selfies that you took along with me today, and for all information, please download the modi app, modi said.
;;0.8074;;modi said he and lofven would also interact with top business leaders of both the countries and chart out a future roadmap of cooperation in sectors such as trade and investment, science and technology, clean energy and smart cities.
;;0.7351;;reiterating his pitch for a cashless economy, modi said, we also have a historic opportunity to embrace increased cashless payments and integrate latest technology in economic transactions.
;;0.3182;;referring to the technopark jointly built by india and palestine in ramallah, modi said it would be a one-stop solution for it-related services in that country.
;;0.6249;;modi said that the two sides will encourage industry and businesses in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare, tourism, information technology, agriculture, blue economy and energy.
;;0.2023;;with the hi-tech research institute equipped with a state-of-the-art laboratory, a significant step had been taken in that direction, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said that a technical report covering various aspects,including tsunami and earthquake impact on the dam,road and rail traffic,generation of solar and wind energy,has been submitted to the expert appraisal committee,constituted by the ministry of environment and forests in 2010.
;;0.6249;;noting that they reviewed the full range of bilateral relationship, modi said the two sides will encourage industry and business in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare, tourism, information technology, agriculture, blue economy and energy.
;;0.0;;in his address at 'future india: science and technology at the science congress', modi said, today's new slogan is jai jawan, jai kisan, jai vigyan and jai anusandhan.
;;0.2263;;modi said, the life and works of indian scientists are a compelling testament of integration of deep fundamental insights with technology development and nation-building.
;;-0.6808;;addressing a rally in kozhikode yesterday, modi asked pakistan's people to question leaders of their country as to why india exports software and pakistan exports terrorism despite getting independence together.
;;0.8074;;modi said he and lofven would also interact with top business leaders of both countries and chart out a future roadmap of cooperation in sectors such as trade and investment, science and technology, clean energy and smart cities.
;;-0.4019;;modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
;;-0.296;;in an uncertain global economic environment, india has shown tremendous resilience as an anchor of the world economy, modi said addressing inaugural address of petrotech 2019 here.
;;0.6124;;natural gas is the next-generation fossil fuel, cheaper and less polluting, modi said in an address at india's flagship energy event, petrotech.
;;0.8779;;they have agreed to set up an india-uk urban partnership and there are opportunities for both the countries to collaborate in the digital india and expand information convergence and people centric e-governancenew delhi: prime minister modi on monday said india and the uk can leverage technological prowess to create new opportunities, while seeking the uk businesses to invest in defence, manufacturing and aerospace sectors in india.
;;0.0;;referring to the newton-bhabha programme of scientific collaboration between the uk and india, modi said, science is universal, but technology has to be local.
;;0.0;;at a colourful ceremony, which included a presentation of india's indigenous martial art forms, dances and sports, modi said technology has contributed to a sedentary lifestyle.
;;0.5994;;fast changing technologies like digitalisation and climate change pose a challenge to the current as well as future generations, modi said.
;;0.4939;;3 billion indians, prime minister modi said wednesday as he pitched india as a favourite investment destination at the fintech festival here.
;;0.7964;;speaking at the world's largest event on financial technology, modi said technology has transformed governance and delivery of public services in india and unleashed innovation, hope and opportunities.
;;0.5859;;technology is defining competitiveness and power in the new world and it is creating boundless opportunities to transform lives, modi said as he began his two-day visit to the country.
;;0.0;;modi said the digital technology was introducing transparency and eliminating corruption through innovations such as the government e-marketor gem.
;;0.9001;;it is a great honour to be the first head of government to deliver the keynote address at singapore fintech festival, modi said.
;;0.2732;;also read | india, bahrain sign agreements in space technology, culture exchangenoting that 'chandrayaan-2 ' would land on the surface of moon on september 7, modi said the entire world was today discussing india's space missions.
;;-0.4777;;raining his guns on singh, modi said that if the former prime minister was talking about the country where 50 per cent of the population was poor and that it wont be easy to integrate technology easily across the board, was it a reflection of his governments performance or mine?
;;-0.34;;by ptilondon: prime minister modi today announced doubling of india's contribution to the commonwealth fund for technical cooperation and stressed the need to focus on providing developmental assistance to small island states, the external affairs ministry said today.
;;0.0;;speaking about pune, which has emerged as an infotech and educational hub in the country, modi said by the end of next year, 12km metro line would become operational in the city, considered the cultural capital of maharashtra.
;;-0.6187;;the people of pakistan should ask their leaders that india and pakistan got freedom in the same year, but india exports software and your (pakistan) leaders are exporting terrorists, said prime minister modi , while addressing a public rally in kozhikode.
;;0.0;;new delhi: advocating for cashless transactions, the prime minister modi has said that the large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money.
;;0.6597;;we have changed the work culture, modi said adding the emphasis now is on re-engineering the processes to improve efficiency.
;;0.0;;the technology has undergone a drastic transformation in the last 20 years, modi said adding the aspirations of the youths have to be kept in mind in this era.
;;0.8313;;prime minister modi who inaugurated the defexpo on thursday said that new and emerging technologies like artificial intelligence and robotics are most important determinants of defensive andoffensive capabilities and india, with its leadership in information technology domain, would strive to use this technology tilt to its advantage.
;;0.8934;;highlighting the efforts being made towards combating land degradation and climate change, modi said india takes pride in using remote sensing and space technology for multiple applications, including land restoration and it will be happy to help friendly countries develop land restoration strategies through cost effective satellite technology.
;;0.34;;this programme has already provided nearly ten million new connections in just seven months, prime minister modi said at the petrotech event on monday, pointing out that the cooking gas price is also determined by the market.
;;0.5994;;after inaugurating the bridge, modi said the facility was a marvel of engineering and technology, and would be of immense strategic significance.
;;0.765;;in an interview with russia's state-run tass news agency ahead of his visit, modi said he shared a special chemistry with the russian president and is keen on technology transfers so that the two sides can make military equipment in india at cheaper rates for export to third countries.
;;0.6452;;he (pm modi) actually speaks very good english, he just doesn't want to talk, trump joked when prime minister modi asked reporters to let the leaders talk in privacy.
;;0.3612;;modi also announced a grant of usd 5 million for the establishment of a software park in the telecommunications university in nha trang.
;;0.6369;;the five is are inclusiveness, indigenisation, innovation, investment in infrastructure and international cooperationindian navy cover for oil tankerson iran, modi told trump india has deployed its navy to protect indian flagged vessels passing through the gulf and the strait of hormuz.
;;0.296;;argentina, modi said, has strongly backed india's entry into the nuclear suppliers group, the missile technology control regime (mtcr), australia group, and wassenaar arrangement.
;;0.872;;we count on the brics business council to work with us to achieve our common aim of strengthening mutual trade, enhancing business opportunities, building investments linkages, promoting innovation and removing bottlenecks to intra-brics commerce, modi said at a meeting of the leaders with the brics business council.
;;0.4033;;modi said technology is bringing big changes and keeping this in mind, the country's law universities should develop such kind of talents.
;;0.5994;;fast changing technologies like digitalisation and climate change pose a challenge to the current as well as future generations, modi said.
;;0.8316;;modi said he and merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine.
;;0.7717;;trade, commerce, innovation and engineering are of immense importance in this era, modi said, adding companies from russia should explore the opportunities in india and collaborate with the industry.
;;0.2732;;modi said india is committed to accelerate the development of bhutan using space technology.
;;0.2023;;modi said the collaboration and relationship between royal bhutan university and iits of india and some other top educational institutions are in line with today's requirements for education and technology.
;;0.3612;;modi also announced a grant of $5 million for the establishment of a software park in the telecommunications university in nha trang.
;;0.7351;;kanpur: lucknow: announcing a bonanza to reward cashless transactions, prime minister modi said that all those using e-payments since november 8, especially the small spenders, will be offered an incentive of rs 1000.
;;0.5994;;reiterating the need to move towards a cashless economy, modi said once black money is eliminated from the system, it is essential to ensure that fresh black money is not generated.
;;-0.296;;in a way it is no secret at all the reality is that technology was used extensively in my conversation with bear grylls, modi said.
;;0.2023;;technology and human interface are both important for the police force to keep progressing, modi said speaking at the annual conference of dgps/igps held at the sardar vallabhbhai patel national police academy (svp npa) here on saturday.
;;0.0516;;taking on the opposition and accusing it of misguiding people over cashless transactions, modi said that while on one hand they claimed that rajiv brought about the telecom revolution, on the other they contradict themselves by saying that their countrymen dont have means for cashless transactions.
;;0.0;;new delhi: advocating cashless transactions, prime minister modi on friday said large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: while maintaining that technology has a major role to bring in transparency to curb corruption, the prime minister modi said that if we use technology for the purpose of governance, we would be able to provide basic necessities to common man efficiently.
;;0.2716;;modi said technology from mobile to missiles can be controlled from space and added that protecting the space was very important which the nda government at the centre had done during its tenure.
;;0.5859;;modi said india wanted to build cooperation in new areas with bangladesh especially in some high-technology sectors which would include working in the fields of electronics, it, cyber security, space explorations and civil nuclear energy.
;;0.8316;;modi said he and merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine.
;;0.8225;;also read | decoding mission shakti: a peek into the technology that made india a space powerprime minister modi had on wednesday announced that india successfully test-fired an anti-satellite missile by shooting down a live satellite, describing it as a rare achievement that puts the country in an exclusive club of space super powers.
;;-0.296;;in his monthly 'mann ki baat' address, modi said the way scientists rectified technical issues, which caused isro to defer its launch by a few days, is exemplary and unparalleled.
;;0.6486;;from india, an 83-member delegation comprising 60 students, 20 mentors and three officials of the aicte visited singapore for the event which modi said is a boost to technology, innovation and youth power.
;;0.8402;;prime minister modi says, if the world helps me with technology, helps me with resources i will be the very first person to switch over to clean energy completely.
;;0.7096;;interacting with beneficiaries of the various digital india efforts, modi said the initiative was launched with an objective of bringing benefits of technology to people, especially in rural areas.
;;0.5719;;technology has helped book railway tickets and pay bills online, bringing great convenience, modi said.
;;0.0;;in the 26th edition of mann ki baat programme, prime minister modi said, i know cashless economy is different.
;;0.8316;;modi said he and merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine.
;;-0.836;;today, we misuse technology and kill girls in the womb of the mother, modi said, adding that the damage being done through generations would take another two to three generations to be rectified.
;;0.3612;;prime minister modi said indian companies have made investments in russian oil and gas sector and russian firms have investments in energy, defence and technology transfer to india.
;;0.3612;;though modi in an interaction with the chief secretaries had said gem could provide efficiency, savings and transparency in government procurement, it minister and info-tech corp chairman rohan khaunte said the new arrangement was done to put systems in place to bring accountability.
;;0.5994;;addressing a huge gathering, modi said, all of you who have gathered here today are power houses of knowledge, innovation and enterprise.
;;-0.296;;in a way it is no secret at all the reality is that technology was used extensively in my conversation with bear grylls, pm modi said.
;;0.3818;;it is cms political innovation, modi said, asking if the congress had run out of leaders to contest the polls against bjp.
;;0.5859;;modi asked the students on the usefulness of the atal innovation mission.
;;0.4404;;addressing the dexschool students at the graduation ceremony on tuesday, modi said, we need good leaders in science and technology, education, medicine and other fields.
;;0.5859;;technology is defining competitiveness and power in the new world and it is creating boundless opportunities to transform lives, modi said.
;;0.9337;;modi said india takes pride in using remote sensing and space technology for multiple applications, including land restoration and it would be happy to help other friendly countries develop land restoration strategies through cost effective satellite technology.
;;0.6486;;from india, an 83-member delegation comprising 60 students, 20 mentors and three officials of the aicte visited singapore for the event which modi said is a boost to technology, innovation and youth power.
;;0.3612;;from solar infra to social infra, from technical infra to space infra and from digital infra to defence infra, the india-france alliance is moving forward strongly, modi said.
;;0.0;;talking about social media, prime minister modi said, the example of breaking, addition, and twisting of technology is being seen in the form of social media.
;;0.5994;;fast changing technologies like digitalisation and climate change pose a challenge to the current as well as future generations, modi said.
;;0.0258;;modi said he wanted to make the point while speaking to fellow legislators even as he reiterated the need to focus on technology to reach out to the public as he asked mps to develop at least 3 lakh followers in their constituency.
;;0.802;;party leaders should try for instant sharing of information with people by using technology, modi said at the three-hour meeting, the first such gathering at the new party office, ministers gave presentations on the development projects including the focus on 115 least developed districts of the country.
;;0.3182;;modi said the association wanted the software currently being used to operate the annapurna yojana at fair price shops to be replaced as it has many technical glitches.
;;0.0;;the software sometimes fails to read fingerprints and aadhaar card details of beneficiaries, forcing them to return without their monthly quota of subsidised foodgrain, modi said.
;;0.6705;;addressing a gathering at fintech festival in singapore , pm modi said that digital payments are a gateway to a world of possibilities, adding that they increase the productivity of individuals and our economy.
;;0.891;;appreciating the fintech festival as a celebration of belief, modi said, there is explosion of fintech innovation and enterprise in india and it can be used to make world a better place.
;;0.4019;;every belief professes humanitarian values, modi said, adding that he envisages a future where muslim youth are taught the humanitarian message of islam along with modern scientific and technological developments.
;;0.6452;;modi answered questions posed by reporters in hindi he (pm modi) actually speaks very good english, he just doesn't want to talk, trump joked when prime minister modi asked reporters to let the leaders talk in privacy.
;;0.8316;;modi said he and merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine.
;;0.4588;;terming prayagraj as the land of tap, tapasya, and sanskar, pm modi said that this kumbh would see a blend of devotion and technology.
;;0.7579;;this the era of artificial intelligence andcannot lag behind, modi said as he appreciated yuva morcha workers for increasing the importance of technology within the organisation.
;;0.5719;;the success in agriculture needs to be extended to eastern india and scientific and technological interventions are required to make this a reality, said modi.
;;0.8402;;noting the gigantic task where over 2/3rd of countries face impact of desertification globally, modi announced to set up a centre of excellence at dehradun to help developing countries in addressing land degradation issues and offered help to friendly nations for developing land degradation strategies through indias cost effective satellite and space technology.
;;0.128;;it is cms political innovation, modi said, asking if the congress had run out of leaders to contest the polls against bjp where there is congress rule, all roads to development are blocked.
;;0.0;;modi also said that in india, the government is using technology for accountability and transparency.
;;0.4019;;could this idea help any 40 or 50-year-old child, modi asked when a btech student tried to explain an idea on dyslexia.
;;0.5574;;only then can we serve the energy needs of humanity in an optimal manner, modi said at the petrotech 2019 conference here.
;;0.4215;;new delhi, june 11: prime minister modi today said improving agriculture productivity through modern farm techniques and university-farmer collaboration held the key to check price rise.
;;0.3612;;emphasising the importance of increasing farm productivity, modi said there was a need to use modern technique in agriculture because farm land was shrinking with the rising population.
;;0.2732;;the faster we bring in technology, the better it will be for productivity because the number of people is increasing but the land is shrinking, modi said.
;;0.0;;we have selected those who can ask pertinent questions related to national and state political issues, said former deputy chief minister modi , recalling that even as a pracharak of the rss, modi used to be tech-savvy.
;;0.0387;;i also had a knack for acquiring the latest gadgets, but since then he (narendra modi) appears to have learnt much more than me on use of technology to reach out to the people, bihars modi said.
;;0.4585;;we must use technology as a means to development, not destruction, modi said in his plenary address at the summit.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondentpatna: deputy chief minister modi on friday announced that the labour resource, and information technology departments had been directed to assess the employment requirement in the coming 10 years so that youths could attain skills accordingly to get employment.
;;0.3818;;kenya's climate, modi said during a lecture at the university of nairobi during his visit, provides the right ecosystem for appropriate technology and innovation-led growth.
;;0.6486;;(pti)new delhi, april 26 : prime minister modi today asked his officials to explore new technologies to ramp up road-building and boost coal output as part of a broader objective to push economic growth and work towards the completion of existing projects in time.
;;0.2732;;modi has asked niti aayog to examine global standards of technology for infrastructure creation and their feasibility in india.
;;0.5106;;after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless, had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0.
;;0.4215;;prahlad modi , the younger brother of the prime minister, said the software was not working properly at several shops, forcing beneficiaries to return empty-handed.
;;0.2732;;17 (pti): prime minister modi said on wednesday his government is making efforts to create systems that are innovation-friendly to build an innovation-driven new india.
;;0.2732;;17 (pti): prime minister modi said on wednesday his government is making efforts to create systems that are innovation-friendly to build an innovation-driven new india.
;;0.5719;;india and israel will strengthen the existing cooperation in agriculture, technology and security, modi said at a joint media event with netanyahu.
;;0.6124;;prime minister modi had yesterday said he was keen on greater exchanges with india's eastern neighbour especially in high-tech that have a deeper connect with the youth.
;;0.8555;;modi, speaking in english and handling technical terminology with ease, said the nation could be proud of the space programme where we have pushed beyond mediocrity to excellence.
;;0.4019;;once i have the technical support, i will start widening my contact base in the virtual world so that i can interact with people on different issues and exchange ideas, modi said.
;;0.8731;;this the era of artificial intelligence and india cannot lag behind, modi said as he appreciated yuva morcha workers for increasing the importance of technology within the organisation.
;;0.4404;;our defence mechanisms would be the best in the world, modi said, referring to delays in procurement and complaints that the armed forces were using outdated technology.
;;0.0;;twitterdescribing the monument as a symbol of the countrys engineering and technical capabilities, modi said it will remind those who question indias existence that this nation was, is and will remain eternal.
;;0.0;;narendra modi asked the commanders to upgrade the technological capabilities of soldiers at all levels.
;;0.836;;two years ago, india made a promise - a promise to extend advanced space technology for the cause of growth and prosperity of our brothers and sisters in south asia, modi told the leaders of the other participating nations in a televised video-conference, also attended from sriharikota by scientists from the indian space research organisation (isro).
;;0.8271;;i am convinced that when we join hands and mutually share the fruits of knowledge, technology and growth, we can speed up our development and prosperity, modi said today.
;;0.0;;municipal commissioner mukeshkumar told mirror, the software has been developed and the data entry is largely completed.
;;0.4404;;pti photothe centre will upgrade one lakh madrassas in the country with state-of-art technology to provide better schooling to muslim community, union minister mukhtarabbasnaqvi has said.
;;0.2732;;nada deputed a team of officers today, the 16th july 2011, from delhi and bhopal headed by mr manpal singh and included two technical officers of nada and two lady doping control officers to conduct surprise check in sai bhopal, nada director general nagar said in a statement.
;;0.4019;;i have travelled twice to get the admission done, said nagar , whose son has secured a seat in mechanical engineering in one of the prestigious colleges in the city.
;;0.0;;we may rather go for endosulfan than making use of genetic engineering, said dr nagar , head, scms institute of bio-technology, kochi.
;;-0.3818;;arguing through his counsel, nagar said chidambaram, who was finance minister when the spectrum allocation took place, cleared the sale of equity in swan and unitech, so he is bound to come to court as a witness.
;;0.7269;;factors like viability of implementation, city vision and strategy, economic and environmental impacts of the plan, cost effectiveness, innovation and scalability and the process followed for preparing the dpr, including consultation of the citizens, will be taken into account for preparing the final list of 20 cities, union urban development minister naidu told deccan herald.
;;0.4019;;speaking to reporters at the palam technical area from where the mortal remains of the former president was flown to his hometown rameswaram by a special aircraft, naidu said some chief ministers are also expected to attend the last rites.
;;0.4588;;naidu said the sub-group has been studying various revenue models for operation and maintenance of community and public toilets and best practices in solid and liquid waste management technology.
;;-0.5574;;expressing serious concern over reports of failure of evms at several places across the state, naidu said he had been saying right from the beginning that evms were unreliable as they were prone to technical glitches.
;;0.0772;;chief minister n naidu who launched the first machine said his aim is to make andhra pradesh a crime free state in india through the usage of latest technology in forensic labs.
;;0.9118;;we have agreed to further strengthen our bilateral cooperation in defence and security, peaceful uses of atomic energy and outer space, science and technology, oil and gas, renewable energy, infrastructure development, agriculture and innovation-based sectors, naidu said.
;;-0.34;;addressing a press conference in amaravati, naidu said that he has directed union civil aviation minister p ashok gajapati raju and y satyanarayana chowdary, minister of state for science and technology and earth sciences, to resign from the union cabinet.
;;0.5719;;with the help of the advanced technologies, the government is conserving resources, naidu said.
;;0.0;;voicing concern over weak governance structures in most of the member countries of the region, naidu said that over the last two years, the government has taken several initiatives to improve technical, planning and managerial capabilities of city governments in india.
;;0.2263;;srikakulam: to avoid misuse of government schemes i use technology where every beneficiary would automatically be enrolled online, said chief minister chandrababu naidu.
;;0.926;;twitter.com/9mjnd9ki4h  vicepresidentofindia (@vpsecretariat) august 21, 2019i am glad to be visiting estonia, a successful democracy, a member of the eu and a nation which has been recognised as a digital state, having great technological achievements to its credit, naidu said in a joint press statement.
;;0.5859;;asserting that every issue related to the construction of the project was being executed based on clearances given by technical committees, polavaram project authority, central water commission and as per the designs prepared by engineers and experts, naidu said that the so-called intellectuals should know all these issues.
;;0.7003;;new delhi: internet of things and new technologies are a deadly combination and will play an important role in the growth of his state, said n naidu , chief minister, andhra pradesh.
;;0.765;;govt depts should have space cell: pmnew delhi, sep 08, 2015, dhns: 0:43 istevery government department will need to create a space cell to find the new and innovative ways of utilising the benefits of space technologies in policy planning and governance, prime minister narendramodi said.
;;0.7845;;addressing a meeting last year, prime minister narendramodi asked the drdo to bring in fresh blood and give leadership positions to new talents in an effort to spur innovation and technology development.
;;-0.6705;;find solutions to climate change,energy crisis: pm to studentsvaranasi, feb 22, 2016 (pti) 16:46 istciting global problems of climate change, energy crisis and deadly diseases, prime minister narendramodi today asked the indian students to take up the challenge of finding solutions to these through innovation and research instead of merely doing cut-paste work.
;;0.6369;;pm vows to deliver open, accountable administrationnew delhi, dec 25, 2014, (pti) 10:55 iston 'good governance day, prime minister narendramodi today said efforts are being made for re-engineering of government processes as part of the promise to provide an open and accountable administration.
;;-0.7351;;prime minister narendramodi announced several indian initiatives in the area of nuclear security and non-proliferation, including countering nuclear smuggling and use of technology to prevent nuclear terrorism.
;;-0.0516;;kolkata, apr 1, 2o17 (pti) 23:37 istprime minister narendramodi today said pitched for enhanced use of information technology to solve day-to-day problems facing the society and urged budding innovators to come out with solutions.
;;0.6486;;the satellite will prove to be a boon in the progress of the entire (south asia) region as it will facilitate natural resources mapping, tele-medicine, information technology connectivity and people-to-people contact, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday in his mann ki baat radio programme.
;;0.5523;;pm modi inaugurates 103rd indian science congress in mysurumysuru, jan 3, 2016, (ians/agencies): 12:01 istprime minister narendramodi on sunday said good governance is not limited to policy and decision-making, it is also about integrating science and technology in choices we make and strategies we pursue.
;;0.2732;;new delhi, nov 2, 2016, pti: 21:43 istprime minister narendramodi today said credibility is the biggest challenge for media in the age of technology and it is important for media establishments to maintain it.
;;0.6124;;partner with india, modi urges foreign defence firmsbengaluru, feb 18, 2015 (ians): 19:28 istfrom being just sellers of defence equipment, foreign firms must evolve into strategic partners as india wants their technology, skills, systems integration and manufacturing strength, prime minister narendramodi said here wednesday.
;;0.2732;;recently, the government had increased fdi in the sector to 49 per cent and last week prime minister narendramodi had said that mncs could go in for majority ownership, provided they transfer the technology.
;;-0.8555;;new delhi, july 26, 2015, (ians) 17:41 istshocked over one fatality every four minutes in road accidents in india, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said his government will soon implement a road safety policy and cashless treatment for accident victims.
;;0.4588;;highlighting the need to increase tax base and adopt new technology, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked young tax officials to be people-centric.
;;0.3182;;after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8, the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy.
;;0.0;;months before prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country, a low level government karmachari in jharkhands latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction.
;;0.0;;stressing the importance of information technology and communication in changing times, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that courts could use video conferencing to communicate with government officials instead of summoning them to appear in court, saving time and money.
;;0.0;;i have set a target to reduce import dependence by 10  by 2022, prime minister narendramodi told the petrotech conference in new delhi last month.
;;0.0;;in late april, prime minister narendramodi announced that india had become 100  electrified  a village is technically electrified if 10  of its households have power connections  but according to his governments own data, 31 million households in india remain without electricity.
;;-0.743;;(the canadian press via ap)prime minister narendramodi has announced several key initiatives taken by his government in the area of nuclear security and non-proliferation, including countering nuclear smuggling and deployment of technology to deter nuclear terrorism.
;;0.0;;further explaining his stand against demonetisation, the former union minister said, 80 per cent transactions in germany and austria is cash-based, in australia it is 60 per cent, canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent, and prime minister narendramodi says india will go 100 per cent cashless.
;;0.6597;;(source: pti photo)exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology, prime minister narendramodi on monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when india would celebrate 75 years of independence.
;;-0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said the opposition was frustrated over repeated electoral defeats and was spreading lies about the bjp-led government, and asked party mps to counter the lies using technology and by working among the people.
;;0.802;;(ap photo)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday here asked the iits, iiits and other technical institutions to create an atmosphere for boosting up the make in india campaign so that the country could not only step in a big way to manufacture defence equipment, but also lead the world in ensuring cyber security and supply skilled manpower globally in the next few years.
;;0.1027;;chief minister narendramodi on monday said that after establishing vadodara as an engineering hub,his government is all set to develop the area as a new hub of defence engineering.
;;-0.0865;;readgonda: prime minister gonda: prime minister narendramodi (pti)up elections 2017: sp, bsp for fractured mandate to have bargaining power, claims pm modithe sp and the bsp, after the third phase of polling, have realised that they have no chance of winning and so they have launched a new game, a new techniqueeven if we are defeated or our seats decrease, no one should get majority, prime minister narendramodi said on monday.
;;0.7003;;b'describing internet as a gamechanger,gujarat chief minister narendramodi today said politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance,accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people.
;;0.7003;;describing internet as a gamechanger,gujarat chief minister narendramodi said thursday politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance,accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people.
;;0.6486;;(pti)new delhi, april 26 : prime minister narendramodi today asked his officials to explore new technologies to ramp up road-building and boost coal output as part of a broader objective to push economic growth and work towards the completion of existing projects in time.
;;0.2732;;17 (pti): prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday his government is making efforts to create systems that are innovation-friendly to build an innovation-driven new india.
;;0.2732;;17 (pti): prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday his government is making efforts to create systems that are innovation-friendly to build an innovation-driven new india.
;;0.4019;;could this idea help any 40 or 50-year-old child, narendramodi asked when a btech student tried to explain an idea on dyslexia.
;;0.6124;;prime minister narendramodi had yesterday said he was keen on greater exchanges with india's eastern neighbour especially in high-tech that have a deeper connect with the youth.
;;0.5106;;after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless, had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0.
;;0.4215;;new delhi, june 11: prime minister narendramodi today said improving agriculture productivity through modern farm techniques and university-farmer collaboration held the key to check price rise.
;;0.4404;;odisha chief minister naveenpatnaik on sunday asked district collectors to act as agents of change to improve public service delivery and governance by using 3ts  teamwork, transparency and technology.
;;0.0;;bhubaneswar: chief minister naveenpatnaik today asked district collectors to act as agents of change for the betterment of public service delivery and governance by using '3ts' - teamwork, transparency and technology.
;;0.9022;;encouraging team spirit, ensuring transparency and effectively using technology to provide last mile delivery of services to people shall be the focus of our administration, naveenpatnaik said and added that he will review the performance of the collectors regarding improvement in public service delivery through the use of 3ts on a regular basis.
;;0.4404;;i have also asked to initiate process for appointment of principal, medical superintendent, doctors, nurses, paramedical staff and laboratory technicians, so that we can obtain letter of permission from the next session, naveenpatnaik said, while expressing satisfaction over the work.
;;0.0;;in fact, we are now the third largest contributor of rice to the public distribution system in india, naveenpatnaik said, adding, efforts are on to augment the irrigation potential and use of technology.
;;0.0;;in a letter, chief minister naveenpatnaik said the operationalisation of this project will contribute to the make in india and digital india initiatives by the union government, stating that in both these programmes, the information technology (it), it-enabled service (ites) and the electronics system designing and manufacturing (esdm) were the major thrust areas.
;;0.765;;the successful test of babur-3 is a manifestation of pakistans technological progress and self-reliance, prime minister nawazsharif said in a statement.
;;0.0;;cautioning people against gm crops, nitishkumar said, now, they are talking about technology.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)bihar chief minister nitishkumar on friday said the centres advocacy of cashless economy is possible only when there is a bank branch in every panchayat and space will be provided to start new banks in panchayat bhawans in the state.
;;0.0;;even students studying in polytechnic institutions can avail this loan, nitishkumar said.
;;0.8225;;patna: india and china can benefit and learn more from exchange in the fields of education, tourism, industry, agriculture and infrastructure technology, chief minister nitishkumar on thursday said while welcoming a 12-member chinese delegation led by communist party of china secretary of gansu province lu hao.
;;0.6249;;still, we should protect at least 10  of the traditional system of learning like books and newspapers, nitishkumar said after inaugurating the new campus of national institute of electronics and information technology ( nielit ) at amhara near bihta in patna district.
;;0.5499;;a lot of work is being carried out in it sector across the country, but the minister, who is from bihar, should give special attention to bihar and speed up pending projects in the state, nitishkumar said after inaugurating the national institute of electronics & information technology's (nielit)'s new campus at bihta, 40km west of patna.
;;0.0;;bihar is known for its jugar technology (indigenous technology with local material) and patna city is known to be the epicentre of that technology, nitishkumar said, while addressing a meeting before flagging off the rally, which was organised under the aegis of the bihar chamber of commerce.
;;0.0;;in the run-up to the bihar assembly elections last year, chief minister nitishkumar had announced his seven resolutions related to development - power connections, wi-fi in schools, tap water for all, road and drainage system in every village, toilets in every house, new engineering and medical colleges etc.
;;0.0;;speaking on the occasion, nitishkumar said several new buildings based on modern technology have been constructed in the state and they have grabbed attention at the international level.
;;-0.3071;;picture by sachinpatna: chief minister nitishkumar on saturday said scientific investigation techniques were necessary for the police to detect crime, but also batted for continuing with traditional investigation methods.
;;0.2584;;viewing the presentation at his official residence in the presence of health minister mangal pandey, chief secretary anjani kumar singh, principal health secretary sanjay kumar and other officials, nitishkumar said soundproofing techniques should be used for residential area so that patients do not face any difficulty for noise.
;;0.6124;;mustard is an important crop for states like bihar and we'll not be able to escape the consequences of the technology, nitishkumar said on the use of transgenic mustard.
;;0.8481;;i had written to the union minister of environment and forests in january saying that interested parties who failed to win the confidence of farmers (on transgenic crops) are now pushing the technology through public institutions, nitishkumar said.
;;0.0;;the new schemes based on new technology will bring transparency into the services, nitishkumar said.
;;0.2023;;b'kerala chief minister oommenchandy today said the state had failed to capitalise on the advantages of information technology and hoped by march this year the e-governance project would be completed.
;;0.128;;digital video discdeputy director for information and public relations a r park , also working president of dasara film festival sub-committee, told deccan herald, a technical error was noticed in the digital video disc (dvd) of the film received here.
;;0.0;;in response, bbmp executive engineer park said the shopkeepers would be accommodated in the high-tech palike bazaar being built near indraprastha hotel.
;;0.6486;;that is when the addicts should try to divert their attention or even try techniques like chewing gums or shift to areca nuts which is a legal product and has positive health effects, if consumed in right proportion, dr park said.
;;0.5994;;he loved his job at iisc, said park , adding: when he finished mtech, i suggested he pursue teaching.
;;0.765;;will ensure 24x7 power to all indians by march 2019: goyalnew delhi, dec 5, 2014, (pti) 16:46 istreiterating the promise of 24x7 electricity to all by 2019, power minister piyushgoyal today said use of information technology will help in achieving the target.
;;-0.5106;;(express photo)power minister piyushgoyal on thursday said his ministry is experimenting with a technology, brown- out, which can provide some power backup to households in the event of a grid failure leading to blackouts.
;;0.0;;delivering the valedictory address at the end of the three-day pravasi bharatiya divas-2017, pranabmukherjee said the diaspora can collaborate in the areas of science and technology and biotechnology with institutions and entrepreneurs in india.
;;-0.2023;;the measures include putting in place robust legislative and administrative frameworks and systems with due focus on capacity building, integration of information through technology and fast-tracking prosecution, pranabmukherjee said.
;;0.6808;;new technology to make tax payments easier: pranablast updated: 15 july, 2011new delhi, july 15 (ians) 19:24 istthe income tax department is upgrading its technology and introducing new ones with focus on electronic filing aimed at making tax payments easier, finance minister pranabmukherjee said friday.
;;0.9442;;the best way to cool soaring prices is to boost output with better technology, more competition among more producers and better information, india's finance minister pranabmukherjee said at meeting of g20 finance ministers and central bank governors on commodities and energy.
;;0.4019;;as many as 73,000 villages will be brought into banking network with the help of technology by march 31, pranabmukherjee said, adding actions are being taken.
;;0.6369;;inaugurating the five-day namami brahmaputra festival organised by sarbananda sonowals bjp-led government, president pranabmukherjee also said this was the time that adequate infrastructure backed by appropriate technology was built up to make assam the hub of indias act east policy.
;;0.4404;;as more and more transactions become cashless, it will improve the transparency of the economy, pranabmukherjee said.
;;0.0;;shedding the shackles of mediocrity is the key challenge for the iit system and iitians in the 21st century, president pranabmukherjee said on saturday at the 44th convocation of the indian institute of technology,delhi.
;;0.5927;;in his address, pranabmukherjee said that demonetisation has resulted in the temporary slowdown of the economy but as more and more transactions become cashless, it will improve the transparency of the economy.
;;0.2732;;(pti photo)president pranabmukherjee has said india is committed to continuing its political, technical and economic cooperation with uganda in the manner that uganda government requires it for meeting its developmental goals.
;;0.891;;president pranabmukherjee on wednesday said the nation is proud of the successful test-firing of the surface to air missile  barak-8, adding that it would further boost indias defence capabilities in technologically challenging areas.
;;0.8658;;i am sure that this success will further boost indias defence capabilities in technologically challenging areas, president pranabmukherjee said.
;;0.4404;;(source: express photo by oinam anand)technology, pranabmukherjee said, has opened the floodgates to the deluge of one-way unfiltered communication by the privileged to those who are less so.
;;0.6801;;even countries which are technologically far more advanced than india with comparatively much smaller size population do not have such a system in place, said pranabmukherjee , while complimenting the government for promotion of digital transactions.
;;0.4404;;as more and more transactions become cashless, it will improve the transparency of the economy, pranabmukherjee said.
;;0.2732;;looking at the gigantic task of covering all the areas in the country, the bankers were requested to take advantage of technology and implement the financial inclusion plan to reach about 73,000 remote villages before march 2012, pranabmukherjee said.
;;0.7964;;participating at the second convocation of the indian institute of technology, patna last month, pranabmukherjee asked the youngsters to develop innovative strategies to promote inclusive growth of those at the grassroots.
;;0.7964;;noting that india has strong fundamentals, such as a vast number of technically competent professionals and managers, besides 60 per cent of its population being young, pranabmukherjee said he had no doubt that the country would come back to a strong growth trajectory by 2020.
;;0.7351;;my government will come out with a comprehensive national energy policy and focus on the development of energy related infrastructure, human resources and technology, president pranabmukherjee said in his address to the joint sitting of parliament today which outlined the vision of the newly elected government.
;;0.7783;;addressing the 12th convocation ceremony of tezpur university today, pranabmukherjee said he had called upon central universities to open innovation clubs to spur an innovation culture and translate the slogan of inclusion in innovation into a workable framework.
;;0.4404;;on the role of universities, pranabmukherjee said they have to be the breeding ground for creative quests and cutting-edge technological developments.
;;0.2732;;on the occasion, maharashtra chief minister prithvirajchavan said marketing techniques and media were being used to create an illusion that the bjp is an alternative to the congress-led upa.
;;0.6486;;chief minister prithvirajchavan on friday said the state should be driven by information technology (it) to help it fuel a high growth rate.
;;0.4019;;explaining about the memorandum of understanding inked with oklahoma university in the us, radhakrishnan said, the university will help us in setting up highly technical and latest pens to rear goats and sheep, he said.
;;0.5106;;stating that the museum has been planted in a best possible place of the theatre, d radhakrishnan , honorary secretary of assembly rooms, said, the museum is nothing but a gathered history of technology of old cinema.
;;0.0;;experts from the company were present when biometric data had been collected to programme the machine, said rajeshkumar , the technical cell chief of rmc.
;;-0.7003;;by ptinew delhi: financial services secretary rajivkumar said today that public sector banks (psbs) have been given a 15-day deadline to take pre-emptive action for identifying gaps and to gear up for rising operational and technical risks, as the scam in the pnb widened to rs 12,700 crore.
;;0.3637;;it is the same as encouraging cashless initiatives without creating infrastructure post-demonetisation and recalling old notes without calibrating atms, said jamshedpur petroleum dealers association general secretary rajivkumar and owner of an hp fuel outlet in sakchi.
;;-0.9438;;degrees meaningless if youths take to terrorism: rajnathsingh singhmohanlalganj (up), feb 7, 2015 (pti): 18:29 istdecrying knowledge without values, union home minister rajnathsingh today said technical degrees held by youths become meaningless if they get involved in terror activities.
;;-0.8176;;(express photo by praveen jain/file)the newly-devised terror techniques of using large vehicles to mow down civilians and lone wolf attacks pose a serious challenge to the country, home minister rajnathsingh said at ibrahimpatnam on tuesday and asked special forces such as the nsg to prepare themselves to deal with these threats.
;;0.1027;;addressing the valedictory session at the three-day asian ministerial conference on disaster risk reduction (amcdrr) 2016, union home minister rajnathsingh said all nations should ensure that the government and communities analyse their resilience and act on promoting hazard-safe sectoral development with greater use of reliable technologies.
;;0.0;;by ptifalakata: union home minister rajnathsingh on saturday said the centre will use technology to seal the international borders of both west bengal and assam with bangladesh, through an integrated border management system.
;;-0.6249;;bhopal, march 25: union home minister rajnathsingh today said the country's porous border with bangladesh and pakistan would soon be sealed to end infiltration by terrorists, asserting that technology would be used where physical barricades were not feasible.
;;0.34;;fencing would be done wherever it's possible and in case it's not, technology would be brought into application, rajnathsingh said while attending the passing-out parade of the border security force in tekanpur, gwalior, in madhya pradesh.
;;0.3818;;24 (pti): home minister rajnathsingh said on tuesday that the government is considering building 50 more indo tibetan border police posts along the india-china border and using technology to ensure a round-the-year temperature of 20 degrees celsius in all its high-altitude bases.
;;0.0;;by ptiberne: from berne to bengaluru, and from research labs to manufacturing floors, india and switzerland have immense scope to collaborate with switzerland in various sectors, especially in science and technology, president ramnathkovind said on thursday.
;;0.4067;;airlines at one point of time were considered elitist, now its not and there are multiple people who (travel by air)we will do nothing to discourage innovation but whatever is accepted by the regulator has to have a reason, ram said.
;;0.5423;;mentioning that places like raichur, hubballi-dharwad, mysuru and hassan are vying for a campus of the indian institute of technology (iit), as announced in the union budget, ram said: only one iit has been granted to the state.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, speaking at the inauguration of newly constructed buildings for the government nature cure and yoga medical college and hostel and government ayurveda hi-tech panchakarma hospital, ram said that he does not own any house in mysuru and would construct one after the completion of his tenure.
;;0.6124;;v ram , vice president of ici and vice president (technical), ultratech technical services, said the main criteria for selecting the projects were that the structures should be completed, in use, and have outstanding features of design in construction aspect and usage of concrete as a material.
;;-0.4118;;addressing a press conference after his tour, ram said there was no dearth of technical experts but what was lacking was quality and dedication in execution of development projects.
;;-0.2617;;new delhi, dec 5, 2015 (pti) 15:49 isttechnical flights have started from rain-hit chennai airport where operations were suspended on wednesday following flooding but it may take 2-3 days to resume commercial flights, union minister ram said today.
;;0.0;;karnataka aims at being bio-economic power house of world: cmbengaluru, feb 9, 2015 (pti) 16:12 istkarnataka chief minister ram today said the state aims to be the bio-economic powerhouse of the world and announced that the bio-innovation centre in the city will soon be operational.
;;0.7003;;s ram , the head of the sports mechanics and videographer for the indian cricket team since 2001, who welcomed the gathering said, this technology is first of its kind in india.
;;0.3818;;so, this video analysis technology helps the cricketer to know more about the nuances of the game, ram said.
;;0.8074;;the growth potential of aerospace and defence industry has attracted global majors like boeing, honeywell, airbus, eads, pratt & whitney, rolls royce and utc aerospace to set up their engineering and design services in this tech hub, ram told at least 300 delegates participating in the three-day event.
;;0.128;;the government will hold a meeting with its legal and technical teams before attending the meeting, ram said.
;;0.0;;85 percent, which is nearly four percent more than the national average of 10 percent, the state information technology minister kt ram said here on thursday while releasing it performance report.
;;0.128;;chief minister ram said the state government will finalise its stand to be taken before the tribunal after holding one more round of discussion with its legal and technical teams.
;;0.0;;speaking in the bbmp council, ram said there are 1,200 call centres/bpos and 92 biotech firms.
;;-0.5267;;no load-sheddingchief minister ram said that there was no need for load-shedding in the state as the technical snag at the bellary and udupi power plants had been rectified.
;;0.0;;speaking to reporters, ram said as many as 4,500 services will be brought under m-governance, a major step in the field of information and technology.
;;0.4588;;communist party of india-marxist (cpi-m) leader ram said his party had objections at the way the us was denying india complete flow of technology despite signing the deal in 2004.
;;-0.5423;;technically or legally there is no problem at all, it is being done in our territory, ram told reporters here.
;;-0.3182;;l ram , technical director for the event, said the national anti doping agency (nada) would oversee the arrangements for dope testing.
;;0.4588;;speaking to deccan herald, co-operation minister h s ram , who is the in-charge minister of chamarajnagar district, said several industries including those involved in agro-processing, coconut processing, textile, general engineering, electrical motors, automobile sector, have evinced interest in setting up their base at the proposed industrial park.
;;0.5106;;it would be a day dream to consider that higher price will increase production without technological breakthrough, niti aayog member ram said recently.
;;0.3612;;the indian biotech sector has multiplied six times to $6 billion in 2014, growing at 20-22 percent over a decade and is projected to touch $100 billion by 2025 with significant contribution from the healthcare sector, ram said, quoting from a report of the association of biotechnology led enterprises (able).
;;0.4939;;we need to innovate at a much larger scale and own the ip (intellectual property) for these innovations, ram said in his message.
;;0.7096;;'re-engineering can help poor benefit from solar energy'july 17, 2016, bengaluru, dhns 1:42 istthere is a lot of re-engineering that needs to be done to help the poor reap benefits from solar energy, says k ram , former ceo, tata bp solar.
;;0.4019;;k n ram , special officer (technical), oceo, karnataka, said, during the election period, most of the time, the lines were busy because of so many calls.
;;-0.0516;;recalling how the heavy monsoons this year had ruined arecanut crops in the coastal region, ram said that the scientists from university of agriculture sciences must come up with innovative technologies.
;;0.8176;;speaking after offering floral tribute to the portrait of kalam, district-in-charge minister ram said kalam was a great visionary who had contributed to the development of science and technology in the country.
;;0.9442;;highlighting the advantages karnataka has, chief minister ram said the state has a unique and powerful combination of engaged citizens, hi-technology and outstanding talent supported by a well-oiled governance machinery.
;;0.0;;telangana information technology minister k t ram , who visited srinivass parents here on saturday said the government has received information from mea that srinivas body would arrive here on february 27 at 8.
;;0.0;;speaking on use of technology in agriculture, ram said, karnataka is in the forefront.
;;-0.2617;;rain-hit chennai airport resumes technical flightsnew delhi, dec 5, 2015, (pti) 13:46 isttechnical flights have started from rain-hit chennai airport where operations were suspended on wednesday following flooding but it will take a few days to resume commercial flights, union minister ram said today.
;;-0.4215;;they have invited me to have a look at the technology and actual process used for generating power out of waste, so that it may be replicated in karnataka, ram said.
;;0.8176;;japan interested in bangalore-mysore bullet train project: siddubangalore, sept 16, 2013, (pti) 18:00 istjapan has evinced interest in funding and sharing technology in a bullet train project in karnataka, chief minister ram said here today.
;;-0.0772;;addressing a press meet on tuesday, vedike state president k s ram said that it is a shame that such superstitious beliefs are being promoted even in the present technological era.
;;0.3818;;inaugurating the summit with the theme 'innovation for inclusive growth', karnataka chief minister ram said .
;;0.5423;;it is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods, ram said.
;;0.0;;once the commercial negotiations are through, the company will have the right to use the technology, ram said.
;;0.836;;chief minister ram , who unveiled the biffes logo here on sunday, told reporters that the festival would be a good opportunity to understand the quality, technicalities and nuances of films in other languages.
;;-0.3182;;dho dr ram said that the endosulfan victims are provided cashless treatment at the super-speciality hospitals in the district.
;;0.3612;;centre will decide iit location: cmapril 12, 2015, hubballi, dhns: 2:33 istchief minister ram said on saturday that the state would recommend the names of raichur, hubballi-dharwad and mysuru for setting up the indian institute of technology (iit) in karnataka and the union government may choose a place after its team visits these places to study the feasibility.
;;0.2732;;karnataka to incubate 20,000 start-ups: siddaramaiahbengaluru, dec 8, 2015, (ians) 17:14 istthe tech-savy state of karnataka will incubate about 20,000 start-ups by 2020 to create six lakh direct and 12 lakh indirect jobs, chief minister ram said on tuesday.
;;0.0;;noting that the start-up policy covered information technology, biotechnology and manufacturing sectors, ram said a start-up council under his chairmanship would review implementation of the policy on a regular basis for feedback and suggestions.
;;0.6597;;cm rues 'suppression' of intolerance debatebengaluru, jan 27, 2016, dhns: 0:17 istnoting that the development of a nation cannot be achieved through religious fundamentalism, chief minister ram has said that a country can witness growth only through scientific and technological progress and by imbibing rational thoughts.
;;0.0;;unveiling the budgetary proposals in the assembly, ram announced a total allocation of rs 299 crore to it, bt and science and technology department.
;;0.8176;;'innovation bazaars' planned to encourage budding entrepreneursbengaluru, feb 25, 2016, dhns: 0:56 istthe department of biotechnology (dbt) and niti aayog are envisaging 'innovation bazaars' to mentor budding entrepreneurs, said k vijay ram , secretary of biotechnology department, ministry of science and technology.
;;0.0772;;prof v s ram , former secretary, department of science & technology (dst) and former director of nias, said, innovation in social sciences and economics are critical in order to take the innovations in science and technology to the common man.
;;0.0;;it is a referendum on our performance so far, the state information technology minister k t ram said.
;;0.3612;;she (swaraj) has come back to parliament after recovering and is ready to meet them, ram told reporters at the ongoing international engineering sourcing show organised by eepc india on thursday.
;;0.5256;;their point is very important because the difference in state board and central board syllabus is huge, and to expect students to study two separate curricula for college exams and eventually for the entrance exam will be too much, said ram , joint director, directorate of technical education (dte), maharashtra.
;;0.8126;;the passenger ratio to each cisf personnel is too high for efficient safety control and hence, engineering modulations such as psds are required to keep safety measures in check, dr ram , associate professor in transport planning at school of planning and architecture, said.
;;0.4215;;dr ram , director, pgimer, said, the iac has approved 250 faculty, 350 senior residents and 300 technical posts.
;;0.7579;;we are happy to provide whatever encouragement is needed, said ram , joint director, directorate of technical education (dte).
;;0.9022;;we hope to gain acceptance from members of the public for vehicles sharing this kind of space with them, said ram , chief executive at oxbotica, which developed the technology behind the shuttle.
;;0.6908;;we are convinced that if we are to play a meaningful role nationally and in the comity of nations we must be second to none in the application of advanced technologies to the real problems of the man and society, ram once said.
;;0.4939;;however, under natm, a very small area will be excavated underground, through open-cut technique, which will save as much open spaces and trees, said r ram , executive director (planning), mmrcl.
;;0.4939;;as a master systems integrator, we will provide leading edge technology solutions including high-end analytics, mobile surveillance and high-tech tools like drone, said s n ram , deputy managing director and president, larsen & toubro.
;;0.6808;;dr ram said, once we get an approval from the engineering wing, the garden will be made ready in six months.
;;0.765;;prince ram , director (information technology), said, it is a turning point for the city beautiful which has embarked upon its journey to become a smart city.
;;0.0772;;we want this process to be cashless, said ram , joint commissioner of police, (traffic).
;;0.0;;watch video | delhi deputy cm manish sisodia under cbi scanner: find out what happenedlt governor returned netaji subhash institute of technology bill, asking for its reconsideration, assembly speaker ram told the house today during the ongoing winter session.
;;0.6124;;while ram had said that the motivation of his paper was not political and was focused on technical aspects, the eac note said, given the fact that his paper lacks rigour in terms of specific data sources and description; alternative hypothesis; rationale of equation specifications, use of dummies, and robustness-check diagnostics of estimated equations; and choice of countries in the sample and a specific list; it would not stand the scrutiny of academic or policy research standards.
;;0.4939;;as a master systems integrator, we will provide leading edge technology solutions including high end analytics, mobile surveillance and high-tech tools like drones, said s n ram , deputy managing director and president, larsen & toubro.
;;0.0;;cashless economyon the governments move to push for a digital, cashless economy, ram said across the world people are moving towards cash and its the opposite in india.
;;-0.3818;;representing mercedes benz, ram said that he is requesting the ban on registration of large diesel cars to be lifted, especially because his clients cars are bs vi compliant and run on technologically advanced engines.
;;-0.4215;;(source: file photo)the centre is eager to accord tribal status to the 11 gorkha communities, but some technical problems are holding it back for now, union tribal affairs minister ram said in kalimpong on sunday.
;;0.3612;;she (swaraj) has come back to parliament after recovering and is ready to meet them, ram told reporters at the ongoing international engineering sourcing show organised by eepc india here yesterday.
;;0.2716;;hyderabad: in the current situation, when prime minister narendra modi is urging every individual in the country to go cashless and opt the digital path, the role of software industry becomes all the more important and relevant, it minister kt ram said.
;;0.3174;;it becomes highly important for an association like hysea to start innovating and catering not just to the urban, technologically-equipped population, but also those in the rural areas, ram said.
;;0.6908;;colombo: indias commerce minister ram said here on tuesday, that india has not given any time frame for negotiating an economic and technical cooperation agreement (etca) with sri lanka, although the sri lankan government would like it to be signed by december this year.
;;-0.4215;;kalimpong: the centre is eager to accord tribal status to the 11 gorkha communities, but some technical problems are holding it back for now, union tribal affairs minister ram said here today.
;;-0.4215;;ridiculing the idea of cashless economy, ram said nowhere in the world has such kind of economy been fully implemented.
;;0.0516;;however, g ram , one of the acting md of kitco, the consultants for the project, told express that the problem was caused due to the use of a new technology deck continuity, which is used in many parts in north india with good results.
;;-0.296;;for such innovations, crowdfunding ensures a win-win for everyone - it cuts go-to- market costs for the innovator, and the consumers get directly from the manufacturer at affordable prices, fueladream.com cmo ram said.
;;0.0;;s ram , professor of electrical and electronics engineering, anna university, said second-semester classes for first-year students began only on january 2 and saturday classes would continue depending on the requirement.
;;0.0;;m ram , tjac chief, said, the federation collected information which confirms that even after constant demands, government is yet to reimburse about rs 4,500 crore fee dues to private colleges which include intermediate, degree, engineering and pharmacy colleges.
;;0.0;;by ianspanaji: goa chief minister ram , who holds a degree in alternative medicine, on saturday said he would never have become chief minister had he obtained an mbbs or engineering degree.
;;0.4767;;one of the senior-most environment scientists in the country, ram said the technical upgradation have led to improved forecasting.
;;0.9062;;visit to someshwara temple at ulsoorrequesting her to review the visa policy, ram said that fast growing and high value tech sectors relied on effective immigration policy that attracted high-skilled workers and minimised barriers to the flow of talented people.
;;0.7351;;speaking on the occasion, ram said that telangana is a fast growing start up state which encourages innovation and entrepreneurship to make hyderabad a major global destination.
;;0.0;;but now, the government is forcing us to go cashless, said ram , a vendor in shivajinagar.
;;0.25;;i think it is high time that counseling is taken seriously both by institute and by students to help their peers, n ram , a mechanical engineering student said.
;;0.0;;claiming that he had obtained documents on the encroachments through rti over the last six months, ram said, i have evidence that 2,300 high-rise complexes which include shopping malls, tech parks, hotels and hospitals were built on storm water drains and ecologically sensitive areas.
;;0.1027;;chetana is an initiative to empower the girl child with technology, exposure and mentoring, said ram , after inaugurating karnatakas flagship event on it and electronics bengaluruite.
;;0.7351;;new delhi: terming the company formed to create it backbone for rollout of gst as anti-national, bjp mp ram today said the goods and services tax (gst) bill can be passed by parliament only if gstn gets security clearancethe goods and services tax network (gstn) is the special purpose vehicle that was formed under the previous upa regime to set up the information technology backbone for rolling out the indirect tax regime that will replace myriad local levies.
;;0.3612;;there are 30-plus universities participating which cover areas like engineering, management and specialised subjects, said ram , a scientist by profession and the organiser of the event.
;;0.0;;lt governor returned netaji subhash institute oftechnology bill, asking for its reconsideration, assembly speaker ram told the house today during the ongoing winter session.
;;0.0;;vijayawada: chief minister n chandrababu ram said on sunday that drone technology will be used in tourism, agriculture, mines, forests, irrigation projects, maintenance of law and order and municipal administration for real-time governance.
;;-0.5423;;speaking at a review meeting with the officials of ap fiber grid project at his residence here, ram said that drone technology had come handy for crowd control, ram management and crime control during the recently concluded krishna pushkarams.
;;0.0;;by ptiberne: from berne to bengaluru, and from research labs to manufacturing floors, india and switzerland have immense scope to collaborate with switzerland in various sectors, especially in science and technology, president ram said on thursday.
;;0.3178;;riding without helmet tops the listof violations bookedk ram of janaagraha said, we from janaagraha are happy to work with the bengaluru ram police for the public eye app, and it is a success story in the civic tech sphere on how the government and non-profits could work together, use technology and bring services closer to the people.
;;0.6249;;talking about the importance of ipr as a whole, ram says that any innovation in any field needs to be patented.
;;0.0772;;s ram , chairman, tata institute of social sciences said innovation of the future would be not how much i could do alone but how one could connect to the world.
;;0.0;;hyderabad: the state government is planning to develop a mobility engineering cluster in hyderabad, it minister kt ram said.
;;0.0;;we are almost 5,000 students who have completed the two-year anaesthesia technology course, said m ram , vice-president of the anaesthesia technicians association.
;;0.0;;ram said that a digital mammography provides electronic images of the breasts, which can be enhanced by computer technology, stored on computers, and even transmitted electronically in situations where remote access to the mammogram is required.
;;-0.765;;said k p ram , a former professor of urban engineering at anna university while the cmda member secretary rejects any appeal over violations or planning permission, the applicant can approach the government seeking remedy.
;;0.0;;the state government has sanctioned rs 22 crore for this project and the planetarium will start functioning in 2019, m r ram , minister for planning, statistics, science and technology said here on thursday.
;;0.1779;;we need people who can think laterally, use tools and interpret the large amount of data we collect to find solutions to issues related to sea-level rise and climate change, said r ram , head, ocean observation systems, national institute of ocean technology.
;;0.0;;ashok ram , gm (technical) and project director at nhai ram , said, wed filed an interim reply, but ngt wanted a detailed para-wise reply to the petition.
;;-0.4767;;investigations at nearly 415 accident sites across haryana have been conducted in the past 11 months and 270 engineering changes have been implemented in these areas, said sarika ram , head, integrated transport, wri india.
;;0.0;;we grow pomegranates, banana, ginger, papaya, broad beans and more, said r ram , director, pearls engineering.
;;0.3818;;nagpur: educating students and farmers on innovations that are taking place in the world are of utmost importance as the agriculture sector is in total disarray mainly due to lack of coordination and flexibility between the central and state agencies which give advise on various issues, said s ram , former director of tata institute of social sciences, mumbai, on friday.
;;0.6369;;transport, roads and buildings principal secretary sunil ram told toi that implosion technique was one of the best methods available.
;;0.7184;;50am with the help of rescue operators, railway engineers and technicians, ram said.
;;0.4404;;so this is typically a negotiation  if you can say you will bring 1,000 jobs to that city, then you can have a good standing, said ram , the former ceo of zensar technologies.
;;0.2732;;also, more than 150 acres of the marshland is encroached by central government buildings  mass rapid transit system, national institute of ocean technology, centre for wind energy technology  it parks and residential buildings, senior counsel and amicus p s ram said in his report.
;;-0.34;;n r ram , former corporator of yediyur, said errors have crept in due to technical glitches.
;;-0.7783;;in telangana alone, nearly 5,000-6,000 teachers fear losing their job due to the revised norm, said ram , president of the telangana affiliated engineering colleges teachers association, which is one among the key petitioners in the case.
;;0.0;;ulccs chairman ram said the society will set up a high-tech dairy plant with a capacity to process one lakh litres of milk per day in kozhikode district, which will be up and running by october 2018.
;;-0.1531;;the sources said municipal minister k t ram had asked the civic body to invite tenders for units which could dispose of animal waste using black hole technology.
;;0.5994;;coimbatore: codissia president r ram said the codissia defence innovation and incubation centre, launched by the defence minister ram in trichy on sunday, would likely be set up at the forthcoming industrial park at kallapalayam in the city.
;;0.4588;;speaking to toi, ram said this was the first defence innovation hub to come up in the country.
;;0.6908;;codissia would own the land and the building, while a section 8 company and a special purpose vehicle (spv) would be formed under the title codissia defence innovation and incubation centre, ram said.
;;0.6486;;this would be a major boost to msmes as small industries could otherwise not afford to carry out innovation or r&d activities, ram said.
;;0.6369;;we have been operating our smelter with the best-in-class technology, adapting best practices followed globally and shall continue to do so, said p ram , ceo, sterlite copper.
;;0.0;;station house officer ram , who led the raid, told the media that the main technician of the unit, ashok tanti, was nabbed, while others managed to flee.
;;-0.128;;liberalised use/technology neutrality is enshrined in our licences and there is simply no justification for us to pay an auction-discovered price for the permission to do what we are already entitled to, said t.v. ram , resident director (regulatory affairs) of vodafone india.
;;-0.0258;;bbrains scholastic centre chairman ram said experts would discuss various sub-themes such as energy, food processing and conservation technology, agro-electronics, nano-technology, nano-electronics, solid waste management as part of the conference.
;;0.8122;;the essential commodities act (eca) needs to be strengthened and implemented more effectively, says devinder ram , chair of the delhi-based forum for biotechnology and food security.
;;0.4019;;manas ram , director, software technology park of india, said: this incubation centre will be a boost to local entrepreneurs as it would provide a platform where the start-ups (small companies or individuals) can get amenities required to set up a company.
;;0.7783;;allowing fdi in multi-brand retail will bring in much needed investments, technologies and efficiencies to unlock the true potential of the agricultural value chain, ram said.
;;-0.3919;;parliamentary secretary parmeswar ram said the present day world was dependent on information technology but the people of btc were lagging behind in this sector.
;;-0.4767;;picture by deepak kumar patna, july 17: this independence day, chief minister ram would announce the construction of two million toilets despite public health and engineering department (phed) minister mahachandar prasad singh today developing a cold feet in the assembly on the possibility of a debate on the issue because of the states poor execution record in the last fiscal.
;;0.3818;;guntur: town and country planning department additional director read said that the government was set to expedite the process of resolving the building penalisation scheme (bps) applications by using a new software.
;;0.0;;even the average package offered by companies to those from this branch is much higher, said nln read , placement officer at chaitanya bharathi institute of technology , adding that quite often students seeking a career in electronics and communication and electrical and electronics engineering end up seeking jobs in it firms.
;;0.2732;;as a premier investment destination for knowledge-based industries, the state has emerged as a hub for it, bt(biotech), electronics hardware, aerospace, solar energy and nanotechnology, chief minister sadanandagowda said in a personal letter to leading investors across the country and overseas.
;;0.3182;;assam chief minister sarbanandasonowal , who attended the just concluded fair, said people have a lot to learn from these practices of the tiwas which exemplify the cashless tenets of the modern day society.
;;0.7184;;assam chief minister sarbanandasonowal said his state has a vibrant industrial base with 70 industrial infrastructure hubs including growth centres, export processing industrial parks, food parks, bamboo park, plastic park, integrated industrial infrastructure centre, industrial estates, biotech park and it park.
;;0.3182;;assam chief minister sarbanandasonowal , who attended the just concluded fair, said people have a lot to learn from these practices of the tiwas which exemplify the cashless tenets of the modern day society.
;;0.4215;;microsoft ceo satyanadella said technology companies need to be able to recruit talent from abroad when necessary.
;;0.0516;;new delhi: microsoft ceo satyanadella on wednesday announced the integration of skype and aadhaar to launch the skype lite for low speed mobile internet connections, which will be supported by aadhaar and will enable technology that can empower people and organisations.
;;0.0;;while announcing the collaboration, microsoft ceo satyanadella said that this was a move towards empowering every indian organisation with technology.
;;0.875;;delivering the keynote address at grand finale teenovators 2016, a national innovation challenge for young minds, organised by ink and manipal university here, shashitharoor said the growing faith in the innovation potentials in india to solve the problems is no real surprise.
;;0.7783;;you will need to accept that indias strengths are in providing services, people and expertise in areas like it and software, shashitharoor said.
;;0.6369;;for any preferential ties with india after leaving the european union, britain should understand that what india can best offer is its people and their skills, its students, its it and software professionals and so on and i am not saying indians should migrate here, shashitharoor said.
;;0.6369;;for any preferential ties with india after leaving the european union, britain should understand that what india can best offer is its people and their skills, its students, its it and software professionals and so on and i am not saying indians should migrate here, shashitharoor said.
;;0.34;;enacting this law before bringing in a robust data protection law will have a bearing on the right to privacy, shashitharoor said.
;;0.3612;;congress mp shashitharoor said the state government and other agencies could use the expertise of organizations like credai for such initiatives, adding that there was a need to explore sustainable building ideas, innovations and new technology.
;;0.3818;;thiruvananthapuram: mp shashitharoor asked the corporation to adopt of time-tested projects and technologies for an effective solid waste management system in the state capital.
;;0.4215;;releasing a half-term progress report of the projects he had undertaken as thiruvananthapuram's mp, shashitharoor said the corporation could have sought the technical assistance of barcelona, if the cpm-led local self-government institution had taken a receptive attitude towards the twin city project proposed by him.
;;0.4767;;(anindya shankar ray) the mobile phone is empowering the underclass in a way 45 years of talking about socialism never did, said shashitharoor on saturday evening, taking a swipe at his friends in the cpm who had dubbed cellular technology a plaything of the elite and opposed its entry into india.
;;0.0;;if there is one thing thats the closest to a magic mantra for development its these two words  educate girls, shashitharoor said, lauding the literacy efforts of round table india and the akshaya patra foundation, a csr initiative of infinity infotech parks, one of the sponsors of the evening.
;;-0.128;;it seems that shinzoabe had told visiting ex-defence minister arun jaitley that he was convinced that north koreas missile technology had been obtained from pakistans aq khan, who had stolen the designs from various western countries.
;;-0.1027;;by ptisingapore: japan's prime minister shinzoabe said he was willing to discuss a peace treaty with russia -- two countries still technically at war with each other -- during a meeting with vladimir putin on wednesday.
;;0.1779;;this will create hundreds of high-tech jobs locally and lead to a flow of cutting edge technologies to india should it be selected in the governmental helicopter tenders, said s p shukla , chairman, mahindra defence systems limited.
;;-0.34;;we also collect a fire compliance report for the annex building from the agency in-charge of installing the equipment in july and december every year, said g p shukla , deputy engineering officer of the pwd, adding that the equipment was last tested on june 5.
;;0.7964;;having worked with him firsthand, i know he will be a fine leader for the ipl and will bring unmatched innovation, passion, and vision to the role,said shukla.
;;0.3182;;now, there is a solution for it, says shukla , ceo and co- founder, smarterhomes technologies.
;;-0.4215;;they have invited me to have a look at the technology and actual process used for generating power out of waste, so that it may be replicated in karnataka, siddaramaiah said.
;;0.5106;;siddaramaiah, in his 2016-17 budget, announced free laptops to sc/st students in government engineering colleges, polytechnics and government degree colleges.
;;-0.0516;;recalling how the heavy monsoons this year had ruined arecanut crops in the coastal region, siddaramaiah said that the scientists from university of agriculture sciences must come up with innovative technologies.
;;0.0;;karnataka aims at being bio-economic power house of world: cmbengaluru, feb 9, 2015 (pti) 16:12 istkarnataka chief minister siddaramaiah today said the state aims to be the bio-economic powerhouse of the world and announced that the bio-innovation centre in the city will soon be operational.
;;0.8658;;siddaramaiah said the state promoted bengaluru bio-innovation centre will soon be operational, giving plenty of opportunities for innovative ideas to be commercialised and leading to blossoming of several start-ups in the fields of life sciences and pharmaceuticals.
;;0.128;;the government will hold a meeting with its legal and technical teams before attending the meeting, siddaramaiah said.
;;0.3818;;inaugurating the summit with the theme 'innovation for inclusive growth', karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said .
;;0.6597;;cm rues 'suppression' of intolerance debatebengaluru, jan 27, 2016, dhns: 0:17 istnoting that the development of a nation cannot be achieved through religious fundamentalism, chief minister siddaramaiah has said that a country can witness growth only through scientific and technological progress and by imbibing rational thoughts.
;;0.0;;siddaramaiah said the preliminary work for phase-ii such as geo-technical investigations and land acquisitions have progressed considerably.
;;0.3612;;the indian biotech sector has multiplied six times to $6 billion in 2014, growing at 20-22 percent over a decade and is projected to touch $100 billion by 2025 with significant contribution from the healthcare sector, siddaramaiah said, quoting from a report of the association of biotechnology led enterprises (able).
;;0.0;;meanwhile, speaking at the inauguration of newly constructed buildings for the government nature cure and yoga medical college and hostel and government ayurveda hi-tech panchakarma hospital, siddaramaiah said that he does not own any house in mysuru and would construct one after the completion of his tenure.
;;0.8074;;the growth potential of aerospace and defence industry has attracted global majors like boeing, honeywell, airbus, eads, pratt & whitney, rolls royce and utc aerospace to set up their engineering and design services in this tech hub, siddaramaiah told at least 300 delegates participating in the three-day event.
;;0.0258;;siddaramaiah said the matter was also to be considered by the karnataka neeravari nigam and the technical committee of the irrigation department, which will submit a report to the board.
;;0.128;;chief minister siddaramaiah said the state government will finalise its stand to be taken before the tribunal after holding one more round of discussion with its legal and technical teams.
;;-0.5267;;no load-sheddingchief minister siddaramaiah said that there was no need for load-shedding in the state as the technical snag at the bellary and udupi power plants had been rectified.
;;0.0;;siddaramaiah said the government has asked national institute of technology, karnataka, in suratkal and the minerals exploration corporation limited to identify the extent of iron ore extracted from these mines illegally.
;;0.0;;speaking on use of technology in agriculture, siddaramaiah said, karnataka is in the forefront.
;;0.25;;siddaramaiah said that karnataka was the only state to set up a vision group on science and technology, currently headed by bharat ratna c n r rao.
;;-0.4118;;addressing a press conference after his tour, siddaramaiah said there was no dearth of technical experts but what was lacking was quality and dedication in execution of development projects.
;;0.8176;;japan interested in bangalore-mysore bullet train project: siddubangalore, sept 16, 2013, (pti) 18:00 istjapan has evinced interest in funding and sharing technology in a bullet train project in karnataka, chief minister siddaramaiah said here today.
;;0.0;;siddaramaiah said he had a meeting with japan's minister for education, culture, sports, science and technology, hakubun shimomura, on the sidelines of the world economic forum meeting at dalian in china.
;;0.2263;;the project, which is being undertaken to quench the thirst of drought-prone areas of kolar, chikkaballapur and bengaluru rural districts, has been prepared after obtaining opinion from technical experts on the pros and cons of the project, said siddaramaiah.
;;0.5423;;it is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods, siddaramaiah said.
;;0.6808;;siddaramaiah said that progress in science and technology should be utilised for the progress of the society.
;;0.0;;speaking to reporters, siddaramaiah said as many as 4,500 services will be brought under m-governance, a major step in the field of information and technology.
;;0.2732;;karnataka to incubate 20,000 start-ups: siddaramaiahbengaluru, dec 8, 2015, (ians) 17:14 istthe tech-savy state of karnataka will incubate about 20,000 start-ups by 2020 to create six lakh direct and 12 lakh indirect jobs, chief minister siddaramaiah said on tuesday.
;;0.0;;noting that the start-up policy covered information technology, biotechnology and manufacturing sectors, siddaramaiah said a start-up council under his chairmanship would review implementation of the policy on a regular basis for feedback and suggestions.
;;0.836;;chief minister siddaramaiah , who unveiled the biffes logo here on sunday, told reporters that the festival would be a good opportunity to understand the quality, technicalities and nuances of films in other languages.
;;0.9442;;highlighting the advantages karnataka has, chief minister siddaramaiah said the state has a unique and powerful combination of engaged citizens, hi-technology and outstanding talent supported by a well-oiled governance machinery.
;;-0.5423;;technically or legally there is no problem at all, it is being done in our territory, siddaramaiah told reporters here.
;;0.0;;unveiling the budgetary proposals in the assembly, siddaramaiah announced a total allocation of rs 299 crore to it, bt and science and technology department.
;;0.5423;;mentioning that places like raichur, hubballi-dharwad, mysuru and hassan are vying for a campus of the indian institute of technology (iit), as announced in the union budget, siddaramaiah said: only one iit has been granted to the state.
;;0.3612;;centre will decide iit location: cmapril 12, 2015, hubballi, dhns: 2:33 istchief minister siddaramaiah said on saturday that the state would recommend the names of raichur, hubballi-dharwad and mysuru for setting up the indian institute of technology (iit) in karnataka and the union government may choose a place after its team visits these places to study the feasibility.
;;0.9062;;visit to someshwara temple at ulsoorrequesting her to review the visa policy, siddaramaiah said that fast growing and high value tech sectors relied on effective immigration policy that attracted high-skilled workers and minimised barriers to the flow of talented people.
;;0.1027;;chetana is an initiative to empower the girl child with technology, exposure and mentoring, said siddaramaiah , after inaugurating karnatakas flagship event on it and electronics bengaluruite.
;;0.1531;;the government proposes to formulate a new education policy aimed at meeting the challenges posed by lack of quality, research and innovation in our educational institutions, smritiirani said.
;;-0.5106;;noting that skill development was the need of the hour, smritiirani also said the rajiv gandhi institute of information technology (rgiit) has failed to address the issues of the youth of amethi.
;;-0.6808;;attacking the previous upa government at the centre for delaying technology upgrades in the textile industry, smritiirani said, in last three years of upa government, 40 schemes were launched, out of which 20 were suspended without spending a single penny.
;;0.3818;;in her speech, smritiirani said that modern science depends on empirical evidence and asked heads of technological institutions to provide research to back the claims related to the benefits of yoga.
;;0.6597;;i want ijira to make presentations to ministries like women empowerment and rural development to promote women entrepreneurship, smritiirani said at the inauguration of a ijira technical seminar.
;;0.6369;;arul horizonunion minister smritiirani announced that a national-level competition to promote research and innovation among students will start from august 15 and students will contribute their ideas directly to the central government.
;;0.1531;;do we look at the new evolving technologies from a position of suspect, smritiirani asked, or do we look at it from a position of opportunity, from a position of consolidation or further expansion.
;;0.2484;;coimbatore, jan 27 () since standardisation has been notified, india can become one of the most competitive economies in the field of technical textiles, union minister smritiirani said sunday.
;;0.4019;;207 items notified as technical textiles will give major boost to the sunrise sector, smritiirani had said in a tweet earlier.
;;0.0;;union textile minister smritiirani said her ministry had so far facilitated employment to over 20,000 jharkhand youths in the textile sector, and added that the foundation stone of national institute of fashion technology would be laid in the state within a month.
;;0.6369;;hrd minister smritiirani said a dozen teachers - from top institutions like the university of pennsylvania, harvard university, massachusetts institute of technology, columbia university, yale university, princeton university, georgia tech university, and the university of california, berkeley - had already given their consent to take part in the scheme.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondentpatna: deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi on friday announced that the labour resource, and information technology departments had been directed to assess the employment requirement in the coming 10 years so that youths could attain skills accordingly to get employment.
;;0.4215;;modi's visit will focus on investments and technology sharing with these three countries, external affairs ministry spokesperson syedakbaruddin said.
;;0.6369;;gt thampi , principal of thadomal shahani engineering college, mumbai, said the new approval process is more pragmatic and realistic unlike the previous rules.
;;0.891;;new york, press trust of india, may 3 2017, 10:12 istacknowledging that apple is underpenetrated in india, ceo timcook has said the us tech giant is strengthening its local presence in the country and is optimistic about its future given the fast-growing economy and improving 4g network infrastructure in the country.
;;0.228;;apple inc is putting a lot of energy in india with an aim to launch all its initiatives, including retail, in the country where it has an extremely low overall market share, the technology giant's ceo timcook has said.
;;0.0;;apple chief executive timcook has also long said the company wants to control its own technological fate, what analysts have called the cook doctrine.
;;0.0;;we believe that we need to own and control the primary technologies behind the products that we make, timcook told investors back in 2009.
;;0.4215;;new york, may 3 (pti): apple ceo timcook has said the us tech giant is bolstering its presence in india's underpenetrated market amid the improving 4g network infrastructure.
;;0.0;;july 27 (agencies): apple ceo timcook has said the tech giant was looking forward to setting up retail stores in india to tap the booming smartphone market of the country.
;;0.34;;we have an experienced technical team that has the ingenuity, flexibility and drive to adapt to the new wave of rule changes, and we also have the tools and resources in our partnerships with mclaren applied technologies and mercedes-benz high performance engines to aim even higher, vijaymallya said.
;;0.4767;;declining to elaborate, vijaymallya said, we should respect their (overseas airlines') privacy and confidentiality.
;;-0.4404;;in a series of tweets, vijaymallya said the prime minister advocates about the use of technology while the enforcement agencies dont take his words seriously and refuse to use technology.
;;0.3182;;principal vijaymallya said there was plenty to be optimistic about after the mercedes-powered team, who also have a technical partnership with mclaren, finished seventh overall last year.
;;0.6801;;gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (source: pti, file) gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (source: pti, file)gujarat chief minister vijayrupani on sunday said cashless india, digital india and clean india are the projects very dear to prime minister narendra modi and vadodara is taking steps in that direction.
;;0.0772;;external affairs ministry spokesperson vikasswarup said given the will, there is no reason why the technical design parameters on which pakistan has raised objections cannot be sorted out by experts from both sides on projects like kishenganga.
;;0.6597;;new test skipper viratkohli has often said he is keen on using technology, while coach anil kumble, the head of iccs cricket committee, had visited the mit that has been studying methods to make drs better.
;;-0.296;;(source: pti)indias test captain viratkohli on thursday said the team has had discussions on the contentious decision review system (drs) and looks forward to the technologys introduction in the future.
;;0.2716;;(source: reuters) viratkohli said that many a times, the mindset can be more important than the technique.
;;0.5994;;mumbai: indias top batsman viratkohli has asked people to use common sense on his much talked about relationship with actress anushka sharma, saying they indeed are seeing each other and their privacy should be respected.
;;0.6369;;chinas military needs to promote technological innovation as the key to its upgrading and modernisation, president xijinping told military delegates to the annual meeting of parliament.
;;0.34;;developed western nations have long-term economic, technological and military advantages over china and the communist party has to realise that some people will use the wests strong points to criticise socialisms failings, president xijinping said.
