;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressing the public meeting at the inauguration of the new housing scheme, in chandigarh on september 11, 2015.
;;0.0;;(pti photo)social media was abuzz with comments on prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the city on friday, due to which the ut administration had ordered shutting the city schools and rescheduling the exams accordingly.
;;-0.2263;;had authorities forgotten that mr narendramodi is a pradhan sevak?
;;0.1779;;unfortunately, the issue of water was being governed by many rules and heads drinking water had a separate ministry, urban drinking water had another ministry, there was a different ministry for water sharing even before the elections, as the scarcity of water rose and we realised that water will become a challenge for the country, prime minister narendramodi began to talk about the need to address the issue in a holistic manner.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi addressed the nation through his first radio broadcast of the year on january 31.
;;0.0;;(express photo by pramod adhikari) prime minister narendramodi addressed the nation through his first radio broadcast of the year on january 31.
;;0.0;;b'while the event is being compared by some to prime minister narendramodi modis address at madison square garden in new york in september 2014, an official release by the hss says it would be a residential gathering of just over 2,200 people.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) while the event is being compared by some to prime minister narendramodi modis address at madison square garden in new york in september 2014, an official release by the hss says it would be a residential gathering of just over 2,200 people.
;;0.0;;while the event is being compared by some to prime minister narendramodi modis address at madison square garden in new york in september 2014, an official release by the hss says it would be a residential gathering of just over 2,200 people.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi in gonda on friday.
;;0.0;;express photo by mohsin kalbe pm narendramodi in gonda on friday.
;;-0.836;;express photo by mohsin kalbeaddressing a poll rally in gonda on friday, prime minister narendramodi said the derailment of the indore-patna express in kanpur dehat on november 20 last year, in which 150 people were killed, was a conspiracy hatched across the border.
;;0.4588;;like narmada, one day ganga too would be cleaned as the prime minister narendramodi has also launched `namami gange campaign, he added.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi receiving the present from professor wang.
;;0.0;;(twitter.com/@narendramodi) prime minister narendramodi receiving the present from professor wang.
;;0.0;;(twitter.com/@narendramodi)prime minister narendramodi is currently in hangzhou to attend the g20 summit in china.
;;0.0;;the presentation of presents took place after narendramodi met with australian prime minister malcolm turnbull, along with chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.0;;last year, prime minister narendramodi laid the foundation stone of an aiims at gorakhpur.
;;0.4019;;the first meeting of the bjp parliamentary party during the ongoing session will be held on july 2, with prime minister narendramodi expected to lay down the agenda for its near 380 mps, the highest-ever saffron tally in parliament.
;;0.2263;;but, the chief minister is of the opinion that bjp should fight the civic polls in alliance with the sena as the party wants to speed up infrastructure projects that were launched in mumbai and suburbs in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , mungantiwar, the state finance minister, said.
;;0.296;;kharge shot off a letter to prime minister narendramodi declining the offer to attend the meeting and alleged that his government has not accorded priority and importance to the issue and its double standards stood exposed.
;;0.2732;;chief minister narendramodi modis plans to go on three-day fast beginning his birthday on september 17 as part of his sadhbhavna mission has taken the state bjp by surprise.
;;0.4767;;the state government is likely to get a soft loan of rs 1800 crore from nabard this financial year (2013-14),of which it plans to allocate rs 1000 crore to the ambitious sauni project announced by chief minister narendramodi last year.
;;-0.1779;;on november 8 last year, prime minister narendramodi announced that notes of rs 1000 and rs 500 would no longer be legal tender.
;;0.0;;the bjp leaders outburst came a day after a letter was sent to prime minister narendramodi on incidents of lynchings across the country.
;;0.0;;in yet another slip-up,bjp leader narendramodi has mispronounced the first name of the mahatma,calling him mohanlal karamchand gandhi instead of mohandas karamchand gandhi.
;;0.1695;;in an earlier article i had said that prime minister narendramodi modis mission was not limited to mere reform.
;;0.0;;soon after the landing, prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah spoke to fadnavis about his well-being.
;;0.0;;uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath distributes a book on prime minister narendramodi modis four years, in lucknow on friday.
;;0.0;;(express photo/vishal srivastav) uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath distributes a book on prime minister narendramodi modis four years, in lucknow on friday.
;;0.6249;;b'in its efforts to revive the party ahead of the 2017 elections in uttar pradesh, the congress is set to target prime minister narendramodi and his claims of development from varanasi  his lok sabha constituency  by launching the dard-e-banaras campaign.
;;-0.4215;;an activist and editor of her own weekly magazine gauri lankesh patrike, lankesh frequently criticised prime minister narendramodi and his hindu nationalist agenda.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had earlier said that the government wants to build consensus for the passage of these bills.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping during a meeting in tashkent on thursday on the sidelines of sco summit.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping during a meeting in tashkent on thursday on the sidelines of sco summit.
;;0.3182;;(pti photo)as the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) was set to discuss indias bid for membership at a late night session in seoul on thursday, prime minister narendramodi met chinese president xi jinping in tashkent and urged him to make a fair and objective assessment and contribute to the emerging consensus.
;;0.7717;;this government is led by prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh, finance minister (arun jaitley), external affairs minister sushma swaraj, law minister ravi shankar prasad, all of whom fought the emergency for three freedoms: individual freedom, press freedom and independence of judiciary.
;;0.743;;over-enthusiasm by a youth to show his admiration for prime minister narendramodi and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, dashed his hopes of joining the army.
;;-0.8807;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday expressed dismay and sorrow over the deaths of children due to aes  including around 150 children in bihar alone  calling it a matter for shame for governments and society.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with french president emmanuel macron before their meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(express photo/amit mehra) prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with french president emmanuel macron before their meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.8074;;b'prime minister narendramodi modis special interest in linking south and south east asia and dhakas traditional commitment to regionalism have now aligned the stars.
;;0.8074;;prime minister narendramodi modis special interest in linking south and south east asia and dhakas traditional commitment to regionalism have now aligned the stars.
;;0.8074;;prime minister narendramodi modis special interest in linking south and south east asia and dhakas traditional commitment to regionalism have now aligned the stars.
;;-0.128;;(express photo: rohit jain)prime minister narendramodi modis remarks on running shops in the name of the cow strike more than a chord in rajasthan where chief minister vasundhara raje is facing a piquant situation.
;;0.0772;;the book criticises prime minister narendramodi for not keeping his poll promises.
;;0.0;;the row over his removal prompted prime minister narendramodi to seek a report from the health ministry.
;;-0.765;;in a veiled attack on congress general secretary rahul gandhi,chief minister narendramodi on monday said criticising a leader like anna hazare is improper and an insult to him.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi noted that ahamed served the nation with great diligence while citing his role in deepening indias ties with west asia.
;;0.0;;the bsp and sp on wednesday opted out of the all-party meeting called by prime minister narendramodi for discussions on one country, one election idea.
;;0.3182;;there was a lot of speculation over why prime minister narendramodi , usually present to greet fellow heads of state on their arrival, was absent for trudeaus visit.
;;-0.1027;;last year, prime minister narendramodi has asserted that he favoured the discontinuation of triple talaq, stating that lives of muslim women cannot be allowed to be destroyed by triple talaq.
;;0.5984;;prime minister narendramodi has been ranked among the top 10 most powerful people in the world, according to the forbes 2018 list.
;;-0.5994;;(source: express archive photo)prime minister narendramodi paid homage to pandit jawaharlal nehru, indias first prime minister, on his 53rd death anniversary on saturday.
;;0.3612;;leader of opposition narasingha mishra of congress, however, said that the msp for paddy should be es 3516 per quintal as prime minister narendramodi in a public meeting at bargarh had promised to give one-and-half-times more to the farmers on their expenditure to produce food grains.
;;-0.296;;hours after us president donald trump in an interaction with reporters said that prime minister narendramodi had requested him to mediate between india and pakistan on the kashmir issue, the ministry of external affairs refuted his statement, saying that no such request had been made.
;;0.6486;;trump said prime minister narendramodi has asked him to help ease tensions between the two neighbouring countries on the disputed kashmir region and that he would love to be a mediator, reuters reported.
;;-0.3612;;the opposition stuck to its demand that prime minister narendramodi be present in the house during the discussion and reply to it.
;;-0.8316;;the contentious short-duration discussion on rising incidents of communal violence in the country could not take place in the rajya sabha on wednesday as the opposition stuck to its demand that prime minister narendramodi be present in the house during the discussion and reply to it.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to visit the village on august 28 for the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of lala lajpat rai.
;;0.1027;;the commitment of prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath towards the construction of ram temple in ayodhya is no less than ours, he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi delivering his address via video conference, at the seventh centenary celebrations of jagadguru sri madhwacharya, udupi, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi delivering his address via video conference, at the seventh centenary celebrations of jagadguru sri madhwacharya, udupi, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.4767;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on sunday emhpasised the role of religious leaders and institutions in freeing the society from casteism and spreading the message of rising above caste barriers.
;;0.4939;;on a question asked in my press conference,i praised only the developmental work done by narendramodi and nitish kumar in rural areas.
;;0.0516;;it praises the narendramodi government for fair compensation for crop damage and the reduction of eligibility to 33 per cent of crop loss for rain-hit farmers.
;;0.6124;;he says all the big companies like google, facebook, etc have offices in india, but prime minister narendramodi wants indians to build companies like google and facebook.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi , union home minister rajnath singh and party president amit shah, among other bjp leaders had, addressing different public meetings, taken on former congress cm okram ibobi singh and accused his government of corrupt practices.
;;0.3167;;congress vice president rahul gandhi (file photo) congress vice president rahul gandhi (file photo)taking a jibe at haryana minister anil vij for his controversial statement that prime minister narendramodi was a much bigger brand that mahatma gandhi, congress vice president rahul gandhi on saturday said that dictators hitler and mussolini were also very powerful brands.
;;-0.3612;;watch: pm modi bigger brand name than mahatma gandhi: haryana minister anil vijvijs remarks drew flak from the congress, which said that the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has always spread hatred, adding that prime minister narendramodi is trying to end gandhis memory from india.
;;0.0;;amid political uproar over the new khadi village industries commission (kvic) calendar featuring prime minister narendramodi , vij had said that the former is a bigger brand name than mahatma gandhi.
;;0.0;;a curfew-like situation at pau before prime minister narendramodi modis visit in ludhiana monday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by gurmeet singh) a curfew-like situation at pau before prime minister narendramodi modis visit in ludhiana monday.
;;0.4588;;(express photo by gurmeet singh)prime minister narendramodi will give away national msme (micro, small and medium enterprises) awards at ludhianas punjab agricultural university (pau) tuesday afternoon.
;;0.0;;3,000 cops on pau campusover 3,000 police personnel are on duty at ludhiana s pau ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis maiden visit to the university campus.
;;0.4939;;the agreement was signed by states principal secretary maheswar sahu and psa peugeot vice-president (emerging market and india) fredic fabre in the presence of chief minister narendramodi here.
;;0.9062;;chief congress spokesperson randeep surjewala had earlier called lovely an opportunist, responding to this, lovely said he had joined the bjp because of his admiration for narendramodi and amit shah.
;;0.6808;;the bjp is giving a new direction to the country and evolving a new definition of politics under the leadership of narendramodi and amit shah, he said, adding that there were many in the congress who believe this and were considering joining the bjp, amit malik and i showed the courage.
;;0.2023;;former gujarat congress president and local mla siddharth patel was detained along with 30-odd supporters by police near vega crossing on thursday while trying to reach dabhoi,where chief minister narendramodi launched the aapno taluko,vibrant taluko scheme.
;;-0.25;;chief minister mamata banerjee on friday wrote to prime minister narendramodi to protest against the centres unilateral decision to merge two public sector banks headquartered in the city without consulting the state government.
;;-0.4588;;pm modi on the cover of a calendar pm modi on the cover of a calendarthe great-grandson of mahatma gandhi, tushar a. gandhi, on saturday attacked prime minister narendramodi in the wake of the khadi and village industries commission (kvic) diary-calendar controversy.
;;-0.2263;;describing the solar cooperative, dhundi saur urja utpadak sahakari mandali, as a beginning of an orange revolution in a region that gave the country its first milk cooperative rs sodhi, managing director of gujarat cooperative milk marketing federation limited (gcmmf) said, if the income of farmers have to be doubled as envisaged by prime minister narendramodi , then this is one of the steps towards achieving it.
;;-0.6124;;b'prime minister narendramodi and his nepalese counterpart khadga prasad sharma oli before a meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi (source: pti) prime minister narendramodi and his nepalese counterpart khadga prasad sharma oli before a meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi (source: pti)nepal prime minister k p oli has said that his visit to india helped in improving the ties which had soured during the anti-constitution stir even as the agitating madhesi front called it a complete failure and warned of fresh protests if their demands are not met.
;;0.0;;former royals of the erstwhile princely states in gujarat projected chief minister narendramodi as the prime minister-in-waiting at a felicitation ceremony at ranjit vilas palace in wankaner on sunday.
;;0.0;;in his independence day speech last year, prime minister narendramodi announced permanent commission for women in all branches of the army.
;;-0.9042;;also read | fidayeen hitting defence establishments again in trend similar to late 1990sprime minister narendramodi said he intended to bring the perpetrators to justice while home minister rajnath singh was quick to show disappointment with terrorist state pakistan questioning the cross-border terrorism that it appears to be inflicting on india.
;;0.3818;;as prime minister narendramodi raises the issue of pakistans atrocities in balochistan and pakistan occupied kashmir, there seems to be a clear ploy to divert the attention towards kashmir.
;;-0.3818;;his questioning comes after the sc ordered the sit to consider whether further probe was required against chief minister narendramodi and 62 others named by zakia in her complaint.
;;0.3182;;during the two events, the state will host many high profile dignitaries like the president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and secretary general of the united nations ban ki-moon.
;;0.6808;;a prominent guest at all major indian diaspora events in the uk, the gujarati-origin politician is seen as an avid supporter of prime minister narendramodi in the uk.
;;0.3818;;the enquiry was launched following bjp mp subramanian swamys letter to prime minister narendramodi , questioning the rs 300-crore grant being given by the finance ministry to privately-held gstn.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi plays musical instruments during a visit to mawphlang village in meghalaya on saturday.
;;0.25;;pti photo/pib prime minister narendramodi plays musical instruments during a visit to mawphlang village in meghalaya on saturday.
;;0.8934;;pti photo/pibprime minister narendramodi who is on his maiden visit to meghalaya, turned into a tourist as he was seen taking in the scenic beauty of the state on saturday and praising about how vibrant the region was.
;;0.0;;opposition aiadmk on wednesday appealed to prime minister narendramodi to intervene and bring an end to the ongoing tussle between lt governor kiran bedi and the congress government in the union territory.
;;0.0;;b'last year, prime minister narendramodi asked niti aayog to study all reports regarding setting up of foreign universities and the reasons on why it could not move forward.
;;0.0;;last year, prime minister narendramodi asked niti aayog to study all reports regarding setting up of foreign universities and the reasons on why it could not move forward.
;;0.0;;last year, prime minister narendramodi asked niti aayog to study all reports regarding setting up of foreign universities and the reasons on why it could not move forward.
;;0.7351;;picking up from where he left a day ago, congress vice-president rahul gandhi friday took a second swipe at prime minister narendramodi in as many days  this time targeting him over the ambitious bullet train claiming that its tickets wont cost less than rs 15,000 and only modi ji and his suited-booted friends will travel in it.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday called the siddaramaiah-led congress administration in karnataka a seeda rupaiya government that does not work unless it gets seeda rupaiya  or direct bribes.
;;-0.4939;;watch what else is making newshitting out at anti-national elements who had allegedly burnt the national flag and targeted prime minister narendramodi in a disparaging fashion during the jallikattu stir at marina beach here, she said such groups should be identified and action taken against them.
;;-0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi and tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam were allegedly targeted by a section of protesters in a derogative fashion during the stir.
;;-0.5423;;she added that prime minister narendramodi was following the line of team india, and no state will be ignored.
;;0.3818;;after bjps victory in uttar pradesh, indeed prime minister narendramodi is now in an even stronger position than when he was first elected resoundingly, bhagwati said.
;;0.3612;;common to both editions was the presence of prime minister narendramodi who is credited with having fathered the event in 2003.
;;0.0;;ut adviser vijay dev (right) and ut home secretary anurag aggarwal takes a round on a bus to inspect preparations for pm narendramodi modis visit, in sector 63, chandigarh, on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo)prime minister narendramodi will address a public rally during his visit to chandigarh on september 11.
;;-0.8271;;continuing the arguments over zakia jafris petition challenging the clean chit given to gujarat chief minister narendramodi and others in 2002 riots,supreme court-appointed special investigation team (sit) on monday said the attack in gulberg society (that killed 69 persons,including zakias husband ahsan jafri) was not a part of preplanned conspiracy.
;;0.3089;;(source: ap photo)the world has increasingly become inter-connected and inter-dependent, a transformation that has made it necessary for india and china to cooperate on trade and investments despite a simmering border dispute, prime minister narendramodi said on friday.
;;0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday told a bjp parliamentary party meeting he will not take rest nor will let others while party chief amit shah asked leaders to prepare for the next challenge ahead.
;;0.6908;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi on thursday told a bjp parliamentary party meeting he will not take rest nor will let others while party chief amit shah asked leaders to prepare for the next challenge ahead.
;;0.6908;;(file photo)setting the tone for the 2019 lok sabha polls, prime minister narendramodi on thursday told a bjp parliamentary party meeting he will not take rest nor will let others while party chief amit shah asked leaders to prepare for the next challenge ahead.
;;-0.025;;the sources claimed that bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi does not want to get embroiled in this matter.
;;-0.296;;(file photo)haryana health minister anil vij on saturday set off a firestorm of protests with his disparaging remarks about mahatma gandhi and his comment that prime minister narendramodi is a better brand, adding to the controversy over modi replacing gandhi on the khadi and village industries commissions (kvic) calendar and diary.
;;0.891;;it is a matter of great happiness to see unprecedented development works done in karnawati (ahmedabad) and in my constituency, first under the leadership of narendramodi and then by anandiben patel (who succeeded modi as the cm), advani said.
;;0.0;;(file)congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday hit out at prime minister narendramodi over rising prices of petrol and diesel.
;;-0.6399;;acevedo has called for restraint and urgent dialogue to resolve this looming threat of a trade war while prime minister narendramodi wants challenges to the trade system to be countered.
;;-0.5719;;in his monthly mann ki baat radio address to the nation, prime minister narendramodi on sunday appealed to listeners to refrain from using low-grade plastic and polythene and reminded them about the negative impact that these plastics have on the environment, wildlife and the health of the people at large.
;;0.0;;even so, the language that mr narendramodi had used against pakistan, when leading the campaign for the bjp in the lok sabha election, was unusually belligerent.
;;-0.765;;with donald trump walking back on his threat to escalate his trade war with china, and admitting to second thoughts, the us has said that the president is looking forward to his meeting with prime minister narendramodi where they will look for solutions on the trade front.
;;0.5994;;it is natural for every indian to take pride in mother teresas canonisation, prime minister narendramodi said earlier this week.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)having got to the second half of its tenure, the narendramodi government is beginning to flex its reformist muscles.
;;-0.743;;(the canadian press via ap)prime minister narendramodi has announced several key initiatives taken by his government in the area of nuclear security and non-proliferation, including countering nuclear smuggling and deployment of technology to deter nuclear terrorism.
;;0.4767;;days after prime minister narendramodi set a target for the country to become a $ 5 trillion economy in the next five years, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath on monday set the ambitious target of a $1 trillion economy for the state.
;;-0.6369;;reacting angrily to the arrest of kumar, a 1989 batch ias officer of ut cadre, sisodia alleged that prime minister narendramodi was misusing his powers.
;;-0.6369;;(source: file) reacting angrily to the arrest of kumar, a 1989 batch ias officer of ut cadre, sisodia alleged that prime minister narendramodi was misusing his powers.
;;-0.4019;;reacting angrily to the arrest of kumar, a 1989 batch ias officer of ut cadre, sisodia alleged that prime minister narendramodi was misusing his powers to destabilise the delhi chief ministers office as aap was surging ahead in many poll-bound states like punjab, gujarat and goa.
;;0.1531;;b'congress vice-president rahul gandhi congress vice-president rahul gandhicongress vice president rahul gandhi wednesday attacked prime minister narendramodi over his governments foreign policy, saying he lacks a clear vision and believes that international diplomacy can be done as per his whims and fancies.
;;0.4019;;a circular issued by the ahmedabad district education department on thursday asked all government, grant-in-aid and self-financed secondary and higher secondary schools to arrange special lectures, debate, essay and elocution competition, group discussions and other similar contests on the subject of article 370 and article 35a of the constitution during the school assembly on prime minister narendramodi modis birthday (september 17).
;;-0.7964;;accusing prime minister narendramodi of starting a war against students, kejriwal said: i had said earlier, modiji students se pange mat lena (dont mess with students).
;;0.6369;;b'batting for gujarat chief minister narendramodi as prime ministerial candidate,eminent lawyer and rajya sabha mp ram jethmalani today said modi would be the best choice for the post.
;;0.6369;;in my opinion narendramodi will be the best prime minister of the country, jethmalani told reporters replying to query during a visit here.
;;-0.296;;senior congress leader kapil sibal thursday accused prime minister narendramodi of having diminished the status of his office with his statements and of speaking only about pakistan and not india and its people.
;;0.0;;nobody has diminished the status of the office of the prime minister more than narendramodi , the congress leader said at a press conference in bengaluru.
;;-0.6486;;also read | environment minister anil madhav dave dead, he was 60prime minister narendramodi tweeted on thursday saying he had been with the minister on wednesday evening.
;;0.6486;;he further said that chief minister narendramodi had written to the chief justice of gujarat high court and shown disagreement over the name of justice mehta to be appointed as the lokayukta.
;;0.0;;it also got prime minister narendramodi to conduct a symbolic jal-poojan at the site of the project.
;;-0.6486;;the bhandara-gondiya lok sabha bypolls were necessitated following the resignation of sitting bjp (mp) nana patole after making a scathing attack against prime minister narendramodi for his authoritarian style of functioning.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi and his nepalese counterpart k p oli on tuesday jointly inaugurated the first ever cross-border petroleum pipeline in south asia that will ensure uninterrupted fuel supplies to landlocked nepal to meet its energy demands at a lower cost.
;;-0.4404;;against the backdrop of the congress criticism of the centre over the economic health of the country, union minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi on saturday listed out various measures taken by the narendramodi government to make the country a usd 5 trillion economy.
;;0.5106;;advertisingscrapping 370 is the result of strong nationalist policy of prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah.
;;0.7506;;congress members created a ruckus during zero hour in the lok sabha tuesday after their party colleague adhir ranjan chowdhury raked up the issue of prime minister narendramodi not hosting an iftar party during the recent ramzan period.
;;0.0;;b'president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi with the new ministers during the swearing-in ceremony at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi with the new ministers during the swearing-in ceremony at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.5096;;the fact that prime minister narendramodi has unshackled another of jawaharlal nehrus sacred tenets is not abhorrent in itself.
;;0.5267;;chief minister narendramodi on thursday announced to extend cooperation in setting up a special taiwan industrial park near ahmedabad,in a time-bound manner.
;;-0.4939;;(express photo)leading a joint opposition protest in tamil nadu against the centres failure to form a cauvery water management board (cwmb), dmk working president m k stalin on sunday said the party will organise a massive agitation at chennai airport on april 12, when prime minister narendramodi arrives for a defence exhibition on the outskirts of chennai.
;;0.6249;;advertisingjavadekar made this announcement at sau paulo in brazil, after prime minister narendramodi in his independence day speech on thursday urged people to shun single-use plastic and encouraged the use of jute and cloth bags to protect the environment.
;;-0.6136;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said india cannot bring peace alone and requires the support of its neighbours on the issue of terrorism.
;;0.0;;this is also an incredible 210  rise from 1,411 recorded in 2006, according to the all-india estimation  status of tigers, co-predators, prey and their habitat, 2018  released by prime minister narendramodi on monday.
;;0.7184;;(source: ap)expressing concern over the recent vigilantism by gau rakshaks, the bjps dalit mps have urged the nda government led by prime minister narendramodi and the party leadership to send a strong message.
;;-0.9571;;in his first remarks after a muslim man died after being attacked by a mob in jharkhand, prime minister narendramodi said wednesday that he was saddened by the incident and the guilty must be severely punished.
;;0.5106;;advertisingthackeray, a one-time avid supporter of prime minister narendramodi , has over the years had a fall out with the bjp since it came to power in 2014.
;;0.4019;;this action has been taken because our party chief has stood up to both prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah.
;;0.1154;;you vote for narendramodi but want me to get your work done.
;;0.1511;;you voted for narendramodi and want me to get your works done!
;;0.296;;advertisingthe jd(s) leader questioned if anyone would accept had a similar incident happened with prime minister narendramodi modis convoy.
;;-0.2023;;a muslim tea stall owner in surat has renamed his 15-year-old shop after bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi till the gujarat chief minister becomes prime minister.
;;0.6187;;the popularity of narendramodi is growing not only among the hindus but muslims have also accepted him, said sarma.
;;0.6124;;bjp mp shatrughan sinha has been asked by the party high command to refrain from commenting against chief minister narendramodi and in favour of his bihar counterpart nitish kumar,who has snapped ties with the nda,as it is harming the partys interest.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by kamleshwar singh/file)taking a swipe at prime minister narendramodi , congress on monday said the much-talked about reshuffle of the union council of ministers would hardly make any difference as it is a one-man government.
;;0.7906;;udaan  sapneya di duniya de rubaruattempting to capture the true essence of the beti bachao, beti padhao campaign launched by prime minister narendramodi , mansa district in punjab  believed to be the states most backward  is set to launch an initiative to inspire its girls to study.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi is going to meet newly-elected french president emmanuel macron in paris on june 2 and 3.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi is going to meet newly-elected french president emmanuel macron in paris on june 2 and 3.
;;0.0;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi is going to meet newly-elected french president emmanuel macron in paris on june 2 and 3.
;;0.8176;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi today pitched for an asia-africa growth corridor supported by japan and india  a move coming days after china launched its ambitious obor (one belt, one road) initiative.
;;0.0;;india independence day 2019 pm modi speech highlights: in his first independence day address in ndas second term, prime minister narendramodi touched upon the achievements of his newly formed government in less than 10 weeks of coming to power  abrogation of article 370, article 35a, the passing of triple talaq bill among others.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi during the 2nd international day of yoga at the capitol complex in chandigarh on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi during the 2nd international day of yoga at the capitol complex in chandigarh on tuesday.
;;0.6124;;also taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi , sena said that although it supports yoga day, it is waiting for pm modi to come up with an asana which can ease inflation.
;;-0.6249;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by praveen jain/files) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by praveen jain/files)prime minister narendramodi modis efforts to maintain political momentum have hit a roadblock as parliament ended its worst budget session in at least 18 years amid signs the gridlock may continue for months.
;;-0.7196;;rattled by reports that all was not well between him and l k advani,chief minister narendramodi on monday was at pains to deny any rift,sitting next to the bjp veteran whose jan chetna yatra passed through bharuch and vadodara today.
;;0.0;;astana: prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) astana: prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.4404;;(pti photo)at the meeting between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping in astana on friday, the indian side emphasised that it is important for india and china to work together closely, and the chinese agreed that the countries should focus more on cooperation and work alongside to provide assistance with each others development goals.
;;-0.1321;;they kept mum because the government led by manik sarkar did not want to annoy the central government led by narendramodi because the centre is well aware about corruption of this government and its involvement in chit fund scams.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is the second most followed politician in the world on social media after former us president barack obama, according to a report.
;;0.0;;with his approximately 110 million followers worldwide, narendramodi has overtaken the present us president donald trump who has 96 million followers globally.
;;-0.8625;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi today fired a fresh salvo at prime minister manmohan singh,saying his speech reminded him of proverb empty vessels make the most noise and his poetry was a vain attempt to hide centres failures.
;;0.6124;;in a series of tweets, siddaramaiah hit out at prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, calling them dictators and traitors of this vibrant country.
;;0.4019;;the bjp appears to have already kickstarted their campaign with prime minister narendramodi and party national president amit shah holding events in the state.
;;0.0;;b'an opposition delegation from jammu and kashmir during a meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) an opposition delegation from jammu and kashmir during a meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on monday.
;;-0.5106;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on monday, at a meeting with a delegation led by former j-k chief minister omar abdullah, expressed deep concern and pain over the prevailing situation in kashmir.
;;0.4404;;a day after a lean public response,there was a sudden surge of supporters of chief minister narendramodi at gujarat university convention hall in ahmedabad on sunday,where the bjp leader is on a three-day fast.
;;0.0;;a rake of the kochi metro at the muttom yard (photo: kmrl) a rake of the kochi metro at the muttom yard (photo: kmrl)prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate keralas prestigious kochi metro project on june 17.
;;0.5563;;b'hours after subramanian swamy levelled allegations against rbi governor raghuram rajan, the congress demanded an apology from prime minister narendramodi , saying the bjp mp has targeted one of the most outstanding economists in the world.
;;-0.6249;;it was anguishing, that neither prime minister narendramodi nor chief minister k palaniswami were in a frame of mind to hold talks with the farmers and find a solution to their problems, he said.
;;-0.2023;;chief minister mamata banerjee on tuesday wrote to prime minister narendramodi requesting him to stall and reverse the corporatisation and privatisation of ordnance factories, including the ordinance factory board.
;;0.5358;;he didnt forget vajpayees gesture and was ready to attend the investiture ceremony of prime minister narendramodi in 2014, while pakistan resounded with the slogan, modi ka jo yaar hai, ghaddar hai!
;;0.128;;the beti bachao-beti padhao scheme, which seeks to address gender imbalance and discrimination against the girl child, was launched by prime minister narendramodi from panipat in january 2015.
;;0.128;;(express file photo) the beti bachao-beti padhao scheme, which seeks to address gender imbalance and discrimination against the girl child, was launched by prime minister narendramodi from panipat in january 2015.
;;0.128;;the beti bachao-beti padhao scheme, which seeks to address gender imbalance and discrimination against the girl child, was launched by prime minister narendramodi from panipat in january 2015.
;;-0.3182;;bjp may further delay the announcement of gujarat chief minister narendramodi as the partys prime ministerial candidate till the assembly elections to delhi,madhya pradesh,chhattisgarh and rajasthan are over.
;;0.6808;;meanwhile,bjp distanced itself from two posters that came up in the city depicting only gujarat chief minister narendramodi with the slogan new thinking,new hope and said these hoardings have not been authorised by the party.
;;-0.1779;;(pti photo)trinamool leader derek obrien wednesday maintained in rajya sabha that prime minister narendramodi is following on twitter certain trolls who write venemous, misogynist stuff besides issuing murdereous threats and wanted to know if government sends advisory to such people occupying high offices.
;;-0.0772;;watch video | jamaat-ud-dawah chief hafiz saeed placed under house arrestin a video address to his supporters before he was placed under house arrest, saeed alleged that the growing bonhomie between us president donald trump and prime minister narendramodi was the reason behind his detention.
;;0.5994;;and a day after para badminton bronze-medallist sukant kadam tweeted at narendramodi asking him to meet the 12 para-medallists, the prime minister tweeted his congratulations.
;;0.886;;advertisingafter sindhu was invited to meet prime minister narendramodi on tuesday, sukant kadam tweeted at the pm that they had also won 12 medals in the para badminton world championships and said they wanted his blessings.
;;0.5106;;his efforts drew appreciation from prime minister narendramodi himself.
;;0.6908;;55 pm: prime minister narendramodi thanked delhi for putting faith in the bjp.
;;0.3612;;20 pm: delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari credited prime minister narendramodi for bjps sweep of mcd polls.
;;0.6705;;earlier,gujarat was not considered a tourist destination,but the efforts of chief minister narendramodi and amitabh bachchan have helped the state register a good growth, he said.
;;0.0;;b'after the three-day drama at the bjps goa national executive meet,gujarat chief minister narendramodi was made the chairman of the partys campaign for the 2014 general elections.
;;0.6908;;he also explained in detail the circumstances leading to the state government issuing an ordinance last week, following his meeting with prime minister narendramodi during which the latter promised the centres support to the states legal endeavours on the issue.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , union ministers rajnath singh, thaawar chand gehlot and v k singh, and bjp president amit shah were among senior party leaders present at the swearing-in ceremony.
;;0.0;;on a day-long official tour of gujarat on sunday, union minister of animal husbandry, dairying and fisheries giriraj singh discussed future plans of his ministry to complement prime minister narendramodi modis target to double farmers income, even as he said that one of the major issues the dairy sector currently faces is that of fodder.
;;0.296;;watch video| nadas credibility takes a blow, narsinghs future bleak: all you need to knowto seek pm interventionsharan, who had sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention earlier, said he will once again meet him as well as home minister rajnath singh to press for a cbi inquiry into the matter.
;;-0.5994;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday condoled the death of former arunachal pradesh chief minister kalikho pul and said his services to the state will be remembered.
;;0.0;;kashmir may not be a major topic during the informal talks between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping likely to be held next month in india, chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying said tuesday.
;;0.0;;on wednesday,chief minister narendramodi and his cabinet colleagues reviewed the staff positioning after 35,000 vacancies were identified across the 25 key departments.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday addressed the nation through his monthly radio broadcast mann ki baat.
;;0.0;;we are expecting prime minister narendramodi modis confirmation in a day or two and the files are in the pmos office, devaswom and tourism minister kadakkampally surendran told reporters thiruvananthapuram.
;;0.2732;;cyprus president nicos anastasiades is greeted by prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee upon his arrival at the presidential palace in new delhi, friday, april 28, 2017.
;;0.2732;;(ap photo/manish swarup) cyprus president nicos anastasiades is greeted by prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee upon his arrival at the presidential palace in new delhi, friday, april 28, 2017.
;;-0.9022;;(express photo by anand singh)bjp president amit shah on monday took on congress chief rahul gandhi for his attacks on the prime minister over the pnb scam, saying no other government had acted as promptly and taken stringent action against frauds as the narendramodi government.
;;-0.5859;;at public rallies in vijapura and bagalkote districts in north karnataka, gandhi had been targeting prime minister narendramodi on corruption, asking as to why modi, who had described himself as the countrys chowkidar (watchman), was silent on the bank fraud allegedly involving jewellers nirav modi and his uncle mehul choksi.
;;-0.0258;;pakistan prime minister imran khans letter to prime minister narendramodi reiterating his call for dialogue to resolve the problems between the two countries is unexceptionable.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi shows victory sign as he enter in the parliament house in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by renuka puri) prime minister narendramodi shows victory sign as he enter in the parliament house in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;narendra modiit is undoubtedly a victory for prime minister narendramodi and brand modi.
;;0.6369;;pm narendramodi in ahmedabad during bjps campaign in gujarat (express photo by javed raja) pm narendramodi in ahmedabad during bjps campaign in gujarat (express photo by javed raja)intense campaign invoking gujarati prideprime minister narendramodi and the bjp leaders have made their best to invoke gujarati asmita.
;;0.5046;;yesterday, the way prime minister narendramodi , in his mann ki baat programme, used the name of respectable babasaheb bhimrao ambedkar for his political motives, i will say that in the last four-and-half years of his governance, there has been enough drama and hypocrisy, especially in the matter of dalits and backwards.
;;-0.5106;;gadkari alleged that the state government had failed to match the pace and speed with which prime minister narendramodi was working, adding that despite liberal funding and 61 nhs sanctioned by the nda, himachal pradesh was unable to start the work.
;;0.6486;;in picture, pm narendramodi (pti photo) in picture, pm narendramodi (pti photo)prime minister narendramodi has underlined the need for a consolidated approach and adherence to strict timelines with regard to completion of infrastructure projects as he reviewed progress of sectors like roads, railways, airports and digital.
;;0.5859;;my demand and this is congress partys demand and the challenge to prime minister narendramodi , finance minister arun jaitley and the government of the day that as you celebrate looting the treasury to build a personality cult around one man, publish tomorrow the ten years gdp numbers as per the old methodology and your new methodology.
;;-0.296;;these three years are that of false claims, of betrayal, of boasts and the unmaking of the promises that prime minister narendramodi and bjp had made three years ago, sharma said.
;;-0.2263;;singh also questioned the silence of prime minister narendramodi and the union hrd minister over the students demand to have either of them to hoist the national flag on the campus to send the message that kashmir is an integral part of india.
;;-0.0516;;also read | russia backs india on j&k; says within framework of constitutionjaishankar, who is the first indian minister to tour china in the second term of the narendramodi government, will hold a bilateral meeting with chinese state councillor and foreign minister wang yi.
;;0.0;;officials said jaishankars talks with wang would cover a wide range of issues, including arrangements for president xi jinpings visit to india later this year for the second informal summit with prime minister narendramodi , which is expected to set the tone for the bilateral ties between the two countries for the next five years.
;;0.6486;;karnataka chief minister hd kumaraswamy responded to prime minister narendramodi modis fitness challenge on twitter, saying while physical fitness is important, what concerned him more was the development of the state.
;;0.0;;below is prime minister narendramodi modis tweet:here are moments from my morning exercises.
;;0.4588;;the government looks to step up spending to woo disgruntled voters ahead of a general election next year without spooking skittish foreign investors (express photo/praveen jain/file)the central banks first interest rate rise since prime minister narendramodi came to power could not have come at a worse time for a government grappling with spending constraints, voter discontent in the rural heartlands and rising oil prices.
;;0.0;;nepal prime minister pushpa kamal dahal with prime minister nepal prime minister pushpa kamal dahal with prime minister narendramodi at hyderabad house in new delhi.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: senior bjp leader and leader of opposition in the rajya sabha arun jaitley on friday met chief minister narendramodi at his residence in gandhinagar.
;;0.2363;;b'samajwadi party today said narendramodi had no magic to change the fortunes of bjp in uttar pradesh in the next general elections and his anointment as bjps campaign committee chairman will not help the party.
;;0.0;;bjp today anointed gujarat chief minister narendramodi as its election campaign committee chairman for the 2014 polls.
;;0.0;;the two countries are preparing for a series of high-level interactions leading up to prime minister narendramodi modis proposed visit for the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in june.
;;0.5423;;we are a party where even our top leader, prime minister narendramodi , calls himself a karyakarta (worker).
;;0.0;;b'varanasi: prime minister narendramodi distributing aid & assistive devices to divyang (physically challenged) children at a function, in varanasi on friday.
;;0.0;;pti photo varanasi: prime minister narendramodi distributing aid & assistive devices to divyang (physically challenged) children at a function, in varanasi on friday.
;;-0.6808;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on friday in varanasi said that, he faces attack from different corners every day because his government has removed the role of mediators in providing benefit of government schemes to poor and needy people.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in lucknow on friday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by pramod adhikari) prime minister narendramodi in lucknow on friday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will on sunday launch the rs.8,000 crore scheme to provide 5 crore free cooking gas connections to below poverty line (bpl) families from uttar pradeshs ballia.
;;0.5574;;b'prime minister narendramodi on sunday launched the ambitious rurban mission for developing 300 villages.
;;0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday launched the ambitious rurban mission for developing 300 villages.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi , who chaired an all-party meeting friday on the kashmir unrest, told the attendees that pakistan-occupied-kashmir is also part of jammu and kashmir.
;;0.7184;;(file photo source: pmo india twitter handle)on world environment day on monday, prime minister narendramodi stressed on the importance and need for nurturing a better planet.
;;0.6124;;#worldenviromentday  narendramodi (@narendramodi) june 5, 2017earlier on june 2, after us president donald trump pulled out of the paris climate change deal, modi emphasised on climate protection describing the deal as a shared legacy of the world and that it will reap long-term benefits for posterity.
;;0.5994;;(source: pti) narendramodi was on a day-long visit to katra to inaugurate a hi-tech super speciality hospital, sports complex.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi in manipur on friday.
;;0.0;;(photo: twitter/@pib_india) prime minister narendramodi in manipur on friday.
;;0.2023;;(photo: twitter/@pib_india)prime minister narendramodi on friday addressed the 105th session of the indian science congress reaching the unreached through science and technologyin imphal.
;;-0.872;;b'the party said it was defamed across the world and prime minister narendramodi was projected as a villain even though akhlaqs murder was a failure of the uttar pradesh government.
;;-0.872;;(file photo) the party said it was defamed across the world and prime minister narendramodi was projected as a villain even though akhlaqs murder was a failure of the uttar pradesh government.
;;-0.872;;the party said it was defamed across the world and prime minister narendramodi was projected as a villain even though akhlaqs murder was a failure of the uttar pradesh government.
;;-0.5267;;the chief minister said democracy in the country was under threat under prime minister narendramodi modis government.
;;0.0;;it is the responsibility of prime minister narendramodi , home minister amit shah and the nda government.
;;0.5267;;the event  the vision of prime minister narendramodi  would bind south africa and india which shared the legacy of gandhi.
;;-0.3612;;to us the move to remove army from the strategically important position that too at the personal intervention of prime minister narendramodi is a disappointment, agnishekher, convener, panun kashmir, an organisation of displaced kashmiri pandits (kps), said.
;;-0.5106;;mamata needs to get her own affairs in order and stop hurling false charges at prime minister narendramodi , two bjp leaders said during a visit to the state on sunday.
;;-0.2263;;this came on a day state governor banwarilal purohit met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi, reportedly to brief him about the law and order situation and widespread protests in the state.
;;-0.4215;;that is why narendramodi is delaying the boards formation  he fears a setback in karnataka elections if the board is implemented, vaiko claimed.
;;-0.4939;;(source: express photo/file)pakistan tehreek-e-insaf chief imran khan on friday warned prime minister narendramodi saying pakistan will stand united in case of war.
;;0.0;;thomass recent remarks that prime minister narendramodi could be called before the panel to answer various queries on demonetisation had triggered a row, with bjp members on the panel vehemently opposing his view.
;;0.0;;manoj c g: your view that prime minister narendramodi should be summoned before the public accounts committee (pac) on demonetisation has been vehemently opposed by bjp members.
;;0.0;;the journey from xiamen, a chinese port city across the taiwan straits, to wuhan in hubei province is more than 1,000 km long, and when prime minister narendramodi meets chinese president xi jinping on april 27 in wuhan, they would have taken eight months to cover it  the two leaders last met in september 2017 in xiamen.
;;0.7506;;prime minister narendramodi (source: ap) prime minister narendramodi (source: ap)prime minister narendramodi has constituted a group of ministers (gom) to examine the draft national policy for women, 2016, which aims at creating a framework to develop policies and programmes to ensure equal rights, resources and opportunities for them.
;;-0.7506;;prime minister narendramodi modis announcements on new years eve was an attempt to deceive people and hide his government failures, he said.
;;0.6486;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on monday urged governors to leverage their experience to help people derive maximum benefits from central schemes and reminded them of their pivotal role in a federal structure.
;;-0.1779;;click for latest updateswatch video | jallikattu row: protesters stop train in maduraichief minister o panneerselvam informed prime minister narendramodi about the ordinance promulgated by the state government and said that jallikattu is to be conducted with customary fervor with all necessary safeguards.
;;0.0;;saturdays meeting also took stock of the development package announced by pm narendramodi during his visit to kashmir in november.
;;0.0772;;(express photo/amit mehra)indian students and alumni based in the uk have delivered a letter for prime minister narendramodi at the indian high commission in london asking him to take extraordinary measures to ensure justice in rape cases reported from different states in india.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendra fadnavis, who met prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah in delhi on thursday, told reporters that he had submitted a report on the issue to shah.
;;0.0;;apart from the daily bulletins they deliver, these language experts are consulted by government departments and ministries for translation, including by the pmo for the letters prime minister narendramodi gets for his monthly mann ki baat.
;;0.8979;;as prime minister narendramodi said that india is poised to contribute as the new engine of global growth, about a dozen us congressmen  including nancy pelosi, john mccain and energy secretary ernest moniz  praised him at a grand reception hosted by the us-india business council tuesday evening.
;;0.926;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi has given its approval to release an additional instalment of dearness allowance (da) to central government employees and dearness relief (dr) to pensioners from january 1, 2018 representing an increase of 2 per cent over the existing rate of 5 per cent of the basic pay/pension, to compensate for price rise, the official statement read.
;;0.0;;b'belgiums prime minister charles michel, second right, and indias prime minister narendramodi inspects the troops prior to a meeting at the egmont palace in brussels.
;;0.0;;(ap photo) belgiums prime minister charles michel, second right, and indias prime minister narendramodi inspects the troops prior to a meeting at the egmont palace in brussels.
;;0.0258;;punjab chief minister amarinder singh had said that he will lead a delegation of ravidas community members to meet prime minister narendramodi , seeking his intervention in the matter.
;;0.4767;;b'a local congress leader has served a legal notice to gujarat chief minister narendramodi asking him to apologise and withdraw his remarks calling prime minister manmohan singh a night watchman of sonia gandhi family.
;;0.0;;the pamphlets also bear pictures of prime minister narendramodi , bjp national president amit shah, delhi unit chief manoj tiwari, the mp of the area and the district president.
;;0.5423;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modia leading news channel had invited prime minister narendramodi to be its chief guest for its annual award presentation ceremony.
;;-0.6339;;b'senior congress leader digvijay singh today said gujarat chief minister narendramodi was not an issue for his party,which believes in fighting ideological battles in which personalities do not matter much.
;;0.4983;;the residents of villages affected by the proposed mandal-becharaji special investment region (mb-sir),mainly in surendranagar and ahmedabad districts,have resolved to revive their protests against the project if chief minister narendramodi does not announce its withdrawal in his independence day speech.
;;-0.5859;;ahead of his meeting with prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the g-20 summit in japan, us president donald trump thursday demanded the withdrawal of trade tariffs by new delhi, calling them unacceptable.
;;0.4404;;lalji nirmal also commended efforts of prime minister narendramodi for having made ambedkar relevant today.
;;0.3612;;the congress saturday demanded an apology from prime minister narendramodi for his remarks during the gujarat election campaign last year about a supposed secret meeting, attended among others by former prime minister manmohan singh and some pakistani officials at mani shankar aiyars house, to allege a pakistan hand in the elections.
;;0.0;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi will campaign throughout the country,including karnataka where assembly polls will be held next month,bjp president rajnath singh said here today.
;;0.0;;the panel is expected to submit a draft report to bjp president amit shah, and the final report to prime minister narendramodi before september 25, the birth anniversary of deendayal upadhyay.
;;-0.6486;;attacking prime minister narendramodi over the issue of demonetisation, thomas said he shocked the country with his decision.
;;0.0;;being the pet scheme of prime minister narendramodi , the centre put sanitation high on the agenda of every state government until the sarpanch level.
;;0.802;;while the opposition alleged bjp of horse-trading, the party clarified that they have not approached anyone and that the support from various leaders was being offered as they expressed faith in the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and the cm.
;;0.4019;;while pcc chief adhir ranjan chowdhury has reportedly written to prime minister narendramodi asking him to continue the tradition of holding the iftar party by the pmo, estranged tmc leader mukul roy is believed to be the man behind the one scheduled to be held at his office-cum-residence at nizam palace in kolkata on sunday.
;;0.0;;indian prime minister narendramodi acknowledged the drift in the indian approach by saying nepal and india will embark on a journey to prosperity and development together.
;;-0.4404;;(representational photo)speaking at a public event in august 2016, prime minister narendramodi had condemned cow vigilantism.
;;0.6369;;on saturday, a tweet was sent through a handle created in the name of dsk school, pune, which appealed to prime minister narendramodi to save the future of 1,480 students and 100 staff members at the school.
;;0.6369;;on saturday, a tweet was sent through a handle created in the name of dsk school, pune, which appealed to prime minister narendramodi to save the future of 1,480 students and 100 staff members at the school.
;;0.6369;;on saturday, a tweet was sent through a handle created in the name of dsk school, pune, which appealed to prime minister narendramodi to save the future of 1,480 students and 100 staff members at the school.
;;-0.0516;;the cpi has written to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention to protect the lives of activist medha patkar and the villagers who are agitating against the move to close the shutters of sardar sarovar dam and raise its water levels.
;;0.291;;chief minister narendramodi had met the farmers from these villages on july 22,giving them an assurance that if they did not want the sir in their villages,the state government would not force it on them.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with his nepali counterpart kp sharma oli ahead of delegation level talks in kathmandu.
;;0.0;;(pti photo/ file) prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with his nepali counterpart kp sharma oli ahead of delegation level talks in kathmandu.
;;0.4215;;(pti photo/ file)tactically, or genuinely, narendramodi appeared more a devout hindu than the prime minister of a powerful country during his visit to nepal that concluded on may 12.
;;-0.4019;;(file)india on friday reacted sharply to a new york times editorial, criticising prime minister narendramodi modis move to name adityanath yogi as up cm.
;;0.6486;;advertisingtiwari welcomed the duo and said, hope they will serve delhi by following the policies of prime minister narendramodi and philosophy of deen dayal upadhyay and syama prasad mookerjee.
;;-0.0031;;a day after foreign secretary vijay keshav gokhale said that prime minister narendramodi  who left for the us friday will not discuss the issue of article 370 at the united nations, indias permanent representative at the un syed akbaruddin said india will not stoop and accused pakistan of mainstreaming hate speech.
;;0.0;;recently, prime minister narendramodi flagged the need for simultaneous elections.
;;0.0;;rafale deal, a direct deal between indian and french government, has not been inked so far, 15 months after prime minister narendramodi announced it in paris.
;;-0.8402;;b'prime minister narendramodi source: pti photo prime minister narendramodi source: pti photoas the government on thursday linked the forthcoming foreign secretary-level talks to prompt and decisive action by pakistan on the evidence provided by india on the pathankot terror attack, the congress told prime minister narendramodi that he should neither walk, nor talk with terror.
;;0.0772;;congress leader rahul gandhi on friday criticised prime minister narendramodi for not visiting flood-hit areas in kerala and said the state was awaiting a relief package.
;;0.0;;the programme named talk to ak is similar to that of prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat.
;;0.4019;;at the bjp parliamentary party meeting tuesday, prime minister narendramodi was felicitated for the decision.
;;-0.7906;;prime minister narendramodi has announced a compensation of rs two lakh each to the next of kin of dead, and rs 50,000 to those injured.
;;-0.0516;;30 am: prime minister narendramodi along with a team of doctors from aiims and safdarjung hospital  including burn specialists  leave for kollam.
;;0.5267;;the bjp leader also hailed prime minister narendramodi for trying hard to make agriculture a profitable venture.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters)in a scathing critique of the centres approach to address the ongoing unrest in kashmir valley, leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad saturday wrote an open letter to prime minister narendramodi and contended that his government is not showing any urgency to deal with the situation.
;;0.2263;;addressing one of his election rallies in uttar pradesh recently, prime minister narendramodi had hailed ecs efforts to cleanse political system of black money.
;;0.3818;;rupani thanked prime minister narendramodi and amit shah for reposing faith in his and asserted that his team will focus on uplifting the farmer, youth, poor and marginalised in the state.
;;0.872;;b'congress president rahul gandhi said he hoped the 56 inch strongman had a plan to deal with the doklam issue (express photo/anil sharma/file) congress president rahul gandhi said he hoped the 56 inch strongman had a plan to deal with the doklam issue (express photo/anil sharma/file)congress president rahul gandhi tuesday took a swipe at prime minister narendramodi on the doklam issue, saying he hoped the 56 inch strongman has a plan to deal with the situation.
;;0.0;;b'in a dig at bjp over its leader l k advanis remarks which pitched gujarat chief minister narendramodi against his madhya pradesh counterpart shivraj singh chouhan,congress today described its main political rival as a pizza without toppings.
;;0.8555;;indeed, the hurriyat leader has only reiterated what he said immediately after the bjp won a thumping victory in the general election  that prime minister narendramodi should use the massive mandate that voters have given to him to open a dialogue and restore peace in kashmir.
;;-0.4767;;vaishali superintendent of police rakesh kumar said that sumit mishra, a resident of lona village, was arrested in connection with the heckling of kushwaha while he was on his way to attend a function of prime minister narendramodi in east champaran district.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi contends that he has mooted the idea of holding simultaneous polls in the country.
;;0.1779;;on the possibility of holding simultaneous elections in the country, he said prime minister narendramodi has raised the idea before all parties and since it was a major election reform, the bjp alone could not take a decision on it.
;;0.4939;;shah, while speaking at a bjp booth-level workers meeting at pedda devulapalli village in nalgonda district, said, on one hand, the narendramodi government is taking up development works.
;;-0.128;;(representational image)the congress on wednesday accused prime minister narendramodi modis government of befooling the public through its rhetoric even as it dubbed the ruling nda as an npa regime in view of rising non-performing assets of banks in the last two years.
;;0.6486;;he was responding to a question on the criticism by his party colleagues over backing jairam rameshs remarks that the prime minister should not be demonised and salman khurshids statement that finding something good prime minister narendramodi has done is like finding a needle in a haystack.
;;0.2732;;b'prime minister narendramodi (l) greeted by his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif after modi took the oath of office at the presidential palace in new delhi on may 26, 2014.
;;0.2732;;(source: reuters) prime minister narendramodi (l) greeted by his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif after modi took the oath of office at the presidential palace in new delhi on may 26, 2014.
;;0.0772;;a day later, on indias independence day, prime minister narendramodi decided to pay back in kind, hurting the government of his pakistani counterpart who had gone against his countrys army by fraternising with him in lahore, just as he had with another pm from the bjp, atal bihari vajpayee.
;;0.0;;at ausa, in marathwadas latur district, prime minister narendramodi had himself exhorted first-time voters to dedicate their vote to the soldiers who carried out the airstrike.
;;-0.0258;;another ncp leader said, the posturing of narendramodi as a strong leader of the nation has taken prominence in the minds of voters over rural distress.
;;-0.5267;;pakistans invitation came on the day prime minister narendramodi , in his independence day address, accused islamabad of glorifying terrorism.
;;0.0;;wickremesinghe left for the chinese capital immediately after seeing off indias prime minister narendramodi at the end of his two-day visit to sri lanka last evening.
;;0.3818;;on prime minister narendramodi modis sudden visit to pakistan and his meeting with sharif, he said shaking hands is just an artificial move, but for a formal solution, something concrete needs to be done.
;;0.0;;b'file photo: prime minister narendramodi with other ministers after the bjp parliamentary board meeting at the parliament in new delhi 10.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by prem nath pandey/file) file photo: prime minister narendramodi with other ministers after the bjp parliamentary board meeting at the parliament in new delhi 10.
;;0.4019;;(source: express photo by prem nath pandey/file)republican party of india president ramdas athavale and bjp (member of parliament) subash bhamare from maharashtra are set to become ministers in the narendramodi government in delhi.
;;0.0;;president pranab mukherjee, vice-president hamid ansari, prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh on the occasion of the anniversary of the quit india movement at rashtrapati bhawan on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by prem nath pandey) president pranab mukherjee, vice-president hamid ansari, prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh on the occasion of the anniversary of the quit india movement at rashtrapati bhawan on tuesday.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi addressing party workers at the bjp headquarters in delhi.
;;0.4019;;(source: ani) prime minister narendramodi addressing party workers at the bjp headquarters in delhi.
;;0.0;;(source: ani)a day after bjp registered resounding victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, prime minister narendramodi on sunday held a road show in delhi, followed by a victory walk and a speech.
;;0.4019;;to a question on whether he would go to meet prime minister-elect narendramodi whose party has got a massive mandate, akhilesh said ties between the state and the centre would be as per the federal structure.
;;0.0;;barely a week after prime minister narendramodi spoke about aligning the fiscal year (fy) with the calendar year in a speech at the niti aayog, the madhya pradesh government has announced that it will implement the change by presenting its budget for 2018 in december this year.
;;-0.2732;;b'photo for representational purpose photo for representational purposeto counter the governments charges on the agustawestland deal, the congress raised the cag report on the gujarat state petroleum corporation when narendramodi was the chief minister of the state, in parliament.
;;0.5423;;(source: pmo/twitter)prime minister narendramodi today told his british counterpart theresa may there would be no dilution in the importance of the uk to india after it leaves the eu, as the two leaders agreed to infuse new energy into bilateral ties post-brexit.
;;-0.7184;;follow: narendramodi in uk livemay reiterated the uks position on russias recent destabilising behaviour, underlined by the attack in salisbury on former russian double sergei skripal and his daughter yulia and the protection provided for the syrian regimes repeated use of chemical weapons against its people.
;;0.1027;;b'prime minister narendramodi with defence minister manohar parrikar.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi with defence minister manohar parrikar.
;;-0.7845;;police in goa are investigating a postcard with isis initials which threatens to kill prime minister narendramodi and defence minister manohar parrikar.
;;0.6486;;in the annual bilateral summit between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin, the two sides resolved to enhance their cooperation at multilateral fora like the brics, wto, g20 and shanghai cooperation organisation as well as russia-india-china cooperation.
;;-0.296;;jung rubbished kejriwals oft-repeated claim that he and prime minister narendramodi have tried to stop the aaps governance initiatives.
;;0.0;;if the political situation forces the bjp to rule out gujarat chief minister narendramodi from the post of pm after 2014,this front can be open to the bjp as much as it could be to the congress, a senior jd(u) leader said.
;;0.3612;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on saturday promised a benami sampatti ka toofan soon, while talking about the benami transactions (prohibition) amended act, 2016, brought by his government, during a campaign rally in himachal pradesh.
;;0.4019;;he also wanted setting up of a panel comprising all party mps and mlas to call on prime minister narendramodi to press the centre on river water issues.
;;0.2732;;advertisingnationally, tiger numbers have increased to 2,967, as per the estimate report released by prime minister narendramodi on monday.
;;0.4019;;advertisingvaiko, known for his abrasive remarks on several issues, made the dramatic assertion while reacting to a question from reporters here on monday on film star rajinikanth lauding prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah for junking the special status to jammu and kashmir.
;;0.7314;;he said he had done nothing wrong since the president, the supreme commander of the armed forces, acts on the advice of the government headed by prime minister narendramodi and, hence his remark was another way of saying the indian army.
;;-0.9403;;while referring to developments after the pulwama terror attack, adityanath had said during the ghaziabad rally that while the congress used to feed biryani to terrorists, prime minister narendramodi modis army gives bullets and bombs to terrorists.
;;0.0;;ec seeks report on pm remarksthe ec is learnt to have sought a factual report from the maharashtra chief electoral officer friday one remarks made by prime minister narendramodi at a rally in wardha on april 1.
;;0.4939;;inspired by mahatma gandhiji, prime minister narendramodi has spearheaded the swaach bharat abhiyan across the country.
;;0.3612;;contending that the recently held elections indicate that women voters in bharat are showing a distinct and autonomous voting behaviour, it credits the change to prime minister narendramodi and his policies.
;;0.8519;;in his meeting with pakistan prime minister imran khan at the white house, us president donald trump monday said that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir, and if i can help, i would love to be the mediator between india and pakistan.
;;-0.1938;;people have faith in prime minister narendramodi but they may not like these councillors who are from urban wards, he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressed a gathering at the plenary session of st. petersburg international economic forum (spief) 2017 in st. petersburg, russia on friday.
;;-0.7096;;balvinder singh, a delhi-based orthopaedic surgeon from jammu, said he suffered breathing problems when he was inside the tunnel, built with austrian technology at a cost of rs 2,900 crore ($450 million) and inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on april 2.
;;-0.3818;;basits summoning comes on a day when prime minister narendramodi reached out to people of kashmir, which has been witnessing widespread unrest for over a month triggered by the killing of hizbul commander burhan wani in an encounter with the security forces.
;;0.3851;;we will not accept the imposition of bengali in darjeeling, he said, adding that the home minister had assured them that he would speak to prime minister narendramodi on the issue and try to find a solution.
;;0.8126;;b'narendra modi (l), with russian president vladimir putin narendramodi (l), with russian president vladimir putinevery school child in india knows russia is indias best friend.
;;0.0;;that was the essence of prime minister narendramodi modis remarks when he first met the russian president vladimir putin at the margins of the brics summit two years ago in brazil.
;;-0.8689;;two days after several artistes wrote to prime minister narendramodi , expressing regret that jai shri ram has become a war cry, a kerala bjp leader on thursday urged filmmaker adoor gopalakrishnan, one of the signatories to the letter, to move to another planet or the moon if he cannot bear the jai shri ram call.
;;-0.7506;;threatened for signing letter to pm over lynchings, says actoractor kaushik sen, who is one of the celebrities to sign the letter to prime minister narendramodi over the issue of lynching, on thursday said he had received a threat call.
;;-0.2211;;accusing the upa government of not being serious on national security, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the congress-led regime had in 2009 ignored the demand of 1.
;;-0.5859;;ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to chandigarh on june 21, fissures have appeared in the bjps city unit over expulsion of its councillor satish kainth who is allegedly involved in a fraud case.
;;-0.296;;advertisinglast week, the poll panel had disposed of a congress complaint alleging misuse of the niti aayog by the pmo for gathering information on gondia, wardha and latur ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis election rallies there.
;;0.9612;;b'this time too we will discuss issues with similar enthusiasm and as per the tradition of democracy and take good decisions, said pm modi this time too we will discuss issues with similar enthusiasm and as per the tradition of democracy and take good decisions, said pm modias the second half of the budget session got underway, prime minister narendramodi on monday, hoped that members of all parties will discuss issues in a democratic spirit and take good decisions.
;;0.0;;nripendra misra, principal secretary to prime minister narendramodi , will be demitting office in two weeks after serving in the post for more than five years.
;;0.5574;;to celebrate the achievement, prime minister narendramodi , and senior bjp leaders such as union home minister rajnath singh, defence minister manohar parrikar, bjp president amit shah, madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, mos information and broadcasting rajyavardhan rathore and chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh hailed the induction of indigenously-built light combat aircraft tejas into the air force.
;;0.1531;;#transformingindia  narendramodi (@narendramodi) july 1, 2016i laud hal & ada on the induction of tejas fighter jet.
;;0.7964;;pti photo / tv grabformer janata dal (united) chief sharad yadav on wednesday said prime minister narendramodi modis mere reference to kashmir in his speech is not enough and advised the centre to come up with political measures to win the trust of the people of the valley.
;;0.7184;;the move is obviously motivated by chief minister narendramodi modis own interest and emphasis on social media shaping opinions.
;;0.0;;be it the photos of sabarmati riverfront,modi and other leaders flagging off the ahmedabad brts,katapara doggedly follows narendramodi modis activities.
;;0.6369;;during the poll campaign, prime minister narendramodi too had promised loan waiver of farmers if his party were to come to power in the state.
;;0.6808;;express archivefollowing directions from prime minister narendramodi , the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has asked its cadre to surely wear helmets during campaign rallies.
;;-0.2263;;b'apparently apprehensive that people wearing black could be deemed protesters against prime minister narendramodi , those in black shirts or t-shirts, or wearing black headgear, were barred from entering the domes put up for the prime ministers public meeting in bhachau, a city in gujarats kutch district, on monday.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi had dedicated to public the 52-km long phase-i pipeline at botad on april 17.
;;-0.0516;;while mulayam was speaking, akhilesh reminded him that he has to leave to receive prime minister narendramodi at the airport, following which, the sp leader shortened his speech.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and kenyan president, uhuru kenyatta after their press statements at state house in nairobi, kenya on monday.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi and kenyan president, uhuru kenyatta after their press statements at state house in nairobi, kenya on monday.
;;0.3818;;india yesterday announced a usd 100 million line of credit to kenya for agricultural mechanisation after talks between prime minister narendramodi and the kenyan president, during which they also decided to deepen economic cooperation, identifying expansion of bilateral trade as a priority.
;;0.128;;with reports doing the rounds that indian cricketers are likely to don orange jerseys during their world cup encounter with england, congress and the samajwadi party on wednesday accused prime minister narendramodi of trying to saffronise everything.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah during a meeting with bjp chief ministers at party office in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.4019;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah during a meeting with bjp chief ministers at party office in new delhi on sunday.
;;-0.6705;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi today took a serious view of the large number of complaints about corrupt practices of railway officials and directed strictest possible action against those found guilty.
;;0.0;;the match in question is reported to have taken place on april 2 when prime minister narendramodi was in the valley to inaugurate the chennai-nashri tunnel, the countrys longest on the strategic jammu-srinagar national highway  the sole surface link that connects kashmir valley with the rest of india.
;;0.5574;;misri also referred to the positive direction of india-china relations following last years informal summit at wuhan between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.0;;narayanasamy has also sought an appointment with prime minister narendramodi to apprise him of the situation.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi announced a development package of rs 220 crore for bodeli,a small town in vadodara district known for its large-scale cotton trade,at the sadbhavana fast here on friday.
;;0.6249;;this unique one-of-its-kind push by the world bank where it is providing assistance to an indian zoo will add value to the 100 smart city initiative being spearheaded by prime minister narendramodi where urban regeneration and open spaces are key elements.
;;0.0;;president pranab mukherjee signs the visitors book during a farewell hosted by prime minister narendramodi at hyderabad house, new delhi, on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti) president pranab mukherjee signs the visitors book during a farewell hosted by prime minister narendramodi at hyderabad house, new delhi, on saturday.
;;0.5719;;there are, of course, the official ceremonial farewells: a dinner by the chiefs of staff held on friday, a dinner hosted by prime minister narendramodi in mukherjees honour at hyderabad house on saturday, a farewell tea ceremony in the central hall of parliament on sunday and, finally, on monday, the last night of mukherjees tenure, he will host a dinner for the council of ministers.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and his governments achievements in its first two years will be the highlights of the bjps two-day national executive, which begins in allahabad on sunday.
;;0.6486;;with party president amit shah projecting narendramodi as a up-wala (modi is an mp from varanasi) at a rally of booth-level workers of braj region earlier this week, the bjp has given clear indication that modis image would be a major factor in its campaign.
;;0.4404;;he added that the narendramodi government is doing little to fix jobless growth, the biggest challenge facing the country today.
;;0.5423;;young people are asking prime minister narendramodi what happened to his promise of creating two crore jobs a year?
;;0.4019;;chief minister narendramodi has asked the resident commissioner of gujarat in new delhi to start a gujarat helpline centre at delhi international airport and make special arrangements for food and boarding facilities at gujarat bhavan and also provide medical services if required.
;;0.1779;;the ncp leader said: if prime minister narendramodi can promise loan waiver to farmers in uttar pradesh, what stops the government from taking the decision in maharashtra?
;;0.0772;;the meeting is expected to highlight the centres schemes for the poor while boosting the image of prime minister narendramodi as a messiah for the poor and farmers, party leaders said.
;;0.8591;;(pti photo)terming the jump in world banks ease of doing business ranking also as an improvement in ease of living life, prime minister narendramodi on saturday promised to undertake more reforms.
;;0.3182;;chief minister narendramodi described the union budget as one that completely lacked the political will to control the huge corruption and unbearable price hikes in the country.
;;0.7184;;i was giving comparative figures of the planningcommission during my dialogue with members of the agriculture scientific community, chavan said,on being asked about the controversy over his praise for gujarat chief minister narendramodi during a meeting in ahmednagar district recently.
;;0.0;;click here for more election newsduring the day, prime minister narendramodi was on his campaign trail in northeast india.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi will travel to sri lanka on may 11 to attend the biggest buddhist festival, vesak day.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in qingdao in china on saturday.
;;0.0;;(reuters) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in qingdao in china on saturday.
;;0.0;;(reuters)weeks after holding an informal summit in wuhan, prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping held a bilateral meeting and signed two memorandum of understandings (mous) in chinas qingdao on saturday.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/jyteafxwvp  narendramodi (@narendramodi) june 9, 2018modi meets sco general secretarythe prime minister also met sco general secretary rashid alimov who told him that india is contributing greatly to the organisation since it became a full member of sco in 2017.
;;-0.4939;;twitter.com/kbtgqbj9ej  narendramodi (@narendramodi) june 9, 2018the ties between the two neighbouring nuclear powers had nosedived following last years doklam standoff as well as due to a number of other issues issues, including china blocking indias move to get pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar banned by the un and its opposition to indias bid for the nuclear suppliers group membership.
;;-0.7269;;surjewala said prime minister narendramodi and his government are indulging in political witch-hunt to deflect the heat from unprecedented bank scams and loss to public exchequer caused by the culture of crony capitalism.
;;-0.4215;;watch video | cops detain pmk leader anbumani ramadoss for staging dharna outside pm modis residence over jallikattu banthe dharmapuri parliamentarian also criticised tamil nadus ruling aiadmk and chief minister o panneerselvam for meeting prime minister narendramodi without taking leaders of other political parties along to put across the states case in the matter unitedly.
;;-0.1027;;the congress and ncp made a veiled attack on legendary singer lata mangeshkar on saturday,a day after she extendedher support to narendramodi for his prime ministerial candidature.
;;0.0;;patels announcement came a day after state chief secretary d j pandian had made a similar representation during a video-conference with prime minister narendramodi in his project pragati  initiative to assess development of various projects through communication with senior state and central officers.
;;0.0;;the move comes after prime minister narendramodi expressed concern over the condition of rivers in the country.
;;0.936;;stating that the union governments objective in scrapping special status to jammu and kashmir under article 370 was to honour the sentiments of 130 crore indians and accomplish the long-pending dream of oneness and a united india, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said that the need of the hour is to embrace all kashmiris in order to make a naya kashmir  a new kashmir.
;;0.4019;;chief minister panneerselvam met prime minister narendramodi today with the latter saying the matter was sub-judice while assuring that the centre would back the state in its efforts to hold the sport.
;;0.4019;;chief minister panneerselvam met prime minister narendramodi today with the latter saying the matter was sub-judice while assuring that the centre would back the state in its efforts to hold the sport.
;;0.4019;;chief minister panneerselvam met prime minister narendramodi today with the latter saying the matter was sub-judice while assuring that the centre would back the state in its efforts to hold the sport.
;;-0.6369;;the sp leader also attacked prime minister narendramodi for undertaking no development in his constituency varanasi.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi during his election rallies in up had indicated that recent train accidents were triggered from across the border.
;;0.8176;;nirmala sitharamans appointment confirmed the resolve of prime minister narendramodi to respect merit and performance, more so as she is a relatively junior politician.
;;0.8176;;pti photo nirmala sitharamans appointment confirmed the resolve of prime minister narendramodi to respect merit and performance, more so as she is a relatively junior politician.
;;0.8176;;her appointment confirmed the resolve of prime minister narendramodi to respect merit and performance, more so as she is a relatively junior politician.
;;0.631;;bhosale had insisted that he would join only in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , but the bjp told him that it was not possible as per party protocol, his aides said.
;;0.0;;ramesh and congress colleague digvijaya singh said prime minister narendramodi , when gujarat cm, had opposed gst.
;;0.3612;;chief minister narendramodi and the governor has been locked in a tug-of-war on issues like appointment of the lokayukta and several other bills.
;;0.2732;;this assumes significance since bangladesh is expected to go for elections later this year, and prime minister narendramodi and bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina are scheduled to meet in shantiniketan in west bengal later this month.
;;-0.8442;;congress president rahul gandhis relentless chowkidar chor hai campaign against prime minister narendramodi was negative in its tone and the party leaderships inept approach towards the pulwama terror attack and the balakot air strikes in its wake played a major role in shaping public opinion against the congress, some top party leaders said a day after the congresss humiliating defeat in the lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;as part of the programme, prime minister narendramodi will address a press conference on march 31, which will be digitally broadcast to at least 500 places across the nation.
;;0.1027;;they sat on dharna with the body when police officials refused to accept a memorandum for prime minister narendramodi , written on a piece of cloth placed on his body.
;;0.0;;yechury also censured prime minister narendramodi for not taking action against corporates who are looting the country.
;;0.7906;;(file photo)bjp today defended prime minister narendramodi modis dig at manmohan singh saying fun, pun and repartee are part of parliamentary debate, and suggested that congress was using singh as a useful, expendable outsider as it had done with many top leaders outside the gandhi family.
;;-0.3182;;as per the congress,chief minister narendramodi is neglecting the state in anticipation of becoming the prime minister.
;;-0.6597;;over a dozen villagers from narmada district and four vadodara-based activists were detained by narmada police to prevent them from protesting at the site of the inaugural function of the statue of unity attended by chief minister narendramodi and senior bjp leader l k advani.
;;-0.25;;work on the worlds tallest statue of the iron man of india,sardar vallabhbhai patel,to be constructed near the sardar sarovar dam in narmada,will have to wait as chief minister narendramodi cancelled his october 2 trip to narmada dam site to lay foundation stone for the statue.
;;0.802;;thailand keen for economic ties with state,to take part in vibrant gujarat summitgandhinagar: a 47-member business delegation from thailand led by their ambassador pisan manawapat on tuesday called on gujarat chief minister narendramodi at gandhinagar to strengthen economic and cultural relations between the two regions.
;;0.6597;;the second list, finalised at a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah on monday, includes railways minister suresh prabhu, party spokesperson m j akbar and bjps national vice-president vinay sahasrabuddhe.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi will meet rio olympic contingent at manekshaw centre in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) pm narendramodi will meet rio olympic contingent at manekshaw centre in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi will meet the indian athletes who will represent the country at the forthcoming olympic games in rio de janeiro, brazil.
;;0.0;;shri narendramodi will meet the olympic contingent at the manekshaw centre in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi offered his condolences to the family.
;;0.5267;;but this stance  reinforced by prime minister narendramodi modis commitment to align indias patent laws with international standards  is quite at odds with the ongoing saga involving bollgard-ii, the proprietary bt cotton technology of monsanto.
;;0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi and ruling party members thumped their desks as the president mentioned the surgical strikes.
;;0.2505;;demanding an apology from shah, bjp and prime minister narendramodi , surjewala said there could not be a bigger insult than this.
;;-0.9552;;according to local news reports, at least five paramilitary crpf men and two militants were killed and over a dozen crpf men injured in the shootout in pampore town express photo by shuaib masoodiprime minister narendramodi on saturday expressed pain over the death of eight crpf personnel in kashmir after their convoy came under attack from militants in pampore.
;;0.5574;;republican party of india is supporting narendramodi modis decision of demonetisation; that decision was taken by the prime minister because of increase in poverty, because black money is increasing.
;;0.5859;;much to the cheer of the 10,000 workers gathered for tuesdays meeting, when a party worker raised a slogan against narendramodi while interrupting rahuls speech just after he said how the modi government had allowed mallya, nirav modi and lalit modi to flee the country, rahul remarked, woh (narendra modi) bhi bhaag jayega.
;;0.2732;;an important part of this relationship, which first began in the agricultural sector, can be attributed to the visit of indias union agriculture minister at the time, sharad pawar, who visited israel in 2006 together with a number of chief ministers, including narendramodi , who was then the chief minister of gujarat and is today the prime minister of india.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi (file photo) pm narendramodi (file photo)both prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath are pro-dalit, union minister vijay sampla, who is also the chief of bjps punjab unit, said monday.
;;0.4588;;lauding vikram sarabhais contribution to the indian space programme, prime minister narendramodi on monday said it will a tribute to him in the true sense when chandrayaan-2 lander, named vikram after the scientist, reaches the moon.
;;0.0;;its time to take stock of the two years of the narendramodi government.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping during a meeting in tashkent on thursday on the sidelines of sco summit.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping during a meeting in tashkent on thursday on the sidelines of sco summit.
;;0.0;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on thursday met chinese president xi jinping in tashkent, uzbekistan.
;;0.5423;;the award ceremony was attended by prime minister narendramodi and senior bjp leader lk advani.
;;0.4401;;within a few weeks of his comment, indian prime minister narendramodi made a surprise visit to lahore to meet his pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif, something that the formers predecessor dr. manmohan singh could not do despite being a strong proponent of india-pakistan peace talks.
;;0.8834;;the latest figures released by the reserve bank of india clearly show that prime minister narendramodi modis historic and bold decision  demonetisation  was in the national interest and in the interest of the common man.
;;0.4588;;by standing in long queues and waiting for hours outside banks, indians showed their acceptance towards narendramodi modis decision.
;;0.4215;;three days after chief minister naveen patnaik wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi expressing concern over safety of the jagamohan prayer hall structure inside puris jagannath temple, union minister dharmendra pradhan monday said a team of experts will visit the site within 8 to 10 days for a detailed review.
;;0.2732;;since the launch of the beti bachao beti padhao programme by prime minister narendramodi from panipat in january 2015, state officials say, there has been a massive drive against sex selection, selective abortion and female foeticide, involving inter-district raids as well as at least 75 raids across the border in adjoining states such as delhi, punjab, uttar pradesh and rajasthan.
;;-0.6597;;sad-bjp mlas wednesday entered into a confrontation with the treasury benches as they demanded to move a resolution condemning pakistan prime minister imran khans speech on tuesday even as the congress benches demanded that prime minister narendramodi should cut pakistan into two pieces as was done by former pm indira gandhi.
;;0.0;;here are some of the reactions:prime minister narendramodi wrote on twitter: shri km mani was a stalwart of kerala politics.
;;0.0;;the leader of opposition also said that he will also write a letter to prime minister narendramodi on the issue.
;;0.0;;in the wake of the cambridge analytica row, congress president rahul gandhi on sunday took a jibe at prime minister narendramodi on twitter alleging that the narendramodi app is leaking data to us companies.
;;0.0;;my name is narendramodi modi.
;;-0.0685;;also read | narendramodi android app sharing personal info of users without consent: researchergandhis jibe comes close on the heels of the cambridge analytica data leak controversy, where the data analysis firm is at the heart of the case involving alleged breach of facebook user data.
;;0.4019;;in a meeting headed by shah and attended by prime minister narendramodi , the bjp parliamentary board asked senior cabinet minister nitin gadkari and party general secretary saroj pandey to act as partys central observers during the election of the new chief minister.
;;-0.2732;;importantly, pm narendramodi himself has drawn a crucial distinction between pakistans people and terror groups.
;;-0.296;;on a day pakistan announced it would charge $20 per person as service fee for passage through the kartarpur corridor, punjab chief minister amarinder singh on thursday sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention to put pressure on pakistan to withdraw the proposal.
;;0.7184;;both prime minister narendramodi and up chief minister yogi adityanath have recently spoken out against the practice of triple talaq with the latter even going to the extent of presenting the uniform civil code as the solution both prime minister narendramodi and up chief minister yogi adityanath have recently spoken out against the practice of triple talaq with the latter even going to the extent of presenting the uniform civil code as the solutionwith a five-judge constitutional bench of the supreme court set to start a hearing on the constitutional validity of instantaneous triple talaq (talaq-e-bidat) in may, the law commission has decided to hold in abeyance its own report on the matter till the apex court gives its final orders.
;;0.3182;;both prime minister narendramodi and up chief minister yogi adityanath have recently spoken out against the practice of triple talaq with the latter even going to the extent of presenting the uniform civil code as the solution to ending the gender discriminatory practice.
;;0.2023;;the mp, a source of discomfort for patnaik for his perceived proximity with prime minister narendramodi , alleged that the founding members of bjd who worked in tandem with the cm no longer enjoys privilege.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi embarked on a four-nation tour of the african continent 15 minutes past midnight on july 7.
;;0.0;;sahibganj: prime minister narendramodi , along with jharkhand chief minister raghubar das and jharkhand governor draupadi murmu, at the inauguration ceremony of a multi-modal terminal on the ganga in sahibganj, jharkhand on thursday.
;;0.0;;pti photo sahibganj: prime minister narendramodi , along with jharkhand chief minister raghubar das and jharkhand governor draupadi murmu, at the inauguration ceremony of a multi-modal terminal on the ganga in sahibganj, jharkhand on thursday.
;;0.4404;;pti phototerming development as the only mantra for betterment of peoples lives, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said more the development, more of changes for better would be ushered in the peoples lives.
;;0.8074;;making a reference to the works of great poets subramania bharati and thiruvalluvar, she said for the first time in the nations history, it was under narendramodi modis leadership through the hrd ministry that we have recognised the contribution and the richness of thirukkural (treatise) and we got it to the rest of the country through our school systems and universities.
;;-0.6786;;when narendramodi became prime minister, he announced the opening of bank accounts for every citizen so that no middleman can take away money from the poor and the funds were directly deposited into the bank accounts, she said.
;;0.0;;he had called prime minister narendramodi a man-eater.
;;0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to inaugurate and hand over keys of flats to some of the beneficiaries under the maloya rehabilitation scheme on february 28.
;;-0.6816;;(ani/file photo)accusing his son akhilesh yadav of insulting him, samajwadi party patron mulayam singh yadav on saturday claimed that prime minister narendramodi modis remark in the run-up to up polls  one who is not loyal to his father, cannot be loyal to anyone  led to the partys debacle.
;;0.4215;;the appointments committee of the cabinet headed by prime minister narendramodi approved the extension in service beyond june 12, 2019, stated an order from the personnel ministry.
;;0.0772;;(file photo)in what may lead to a fresh round of confrontation with the sp-led government in uttar pradesh, governor ram naik has written to president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi against denial of permission to cag to audit ghaziabad development authority.
;;0.2732;;in washington, perry, who took over the department last week, strongly pushed for a houston visit of prime minister narendramodi later this year.
;;0.128;;she referred to the ek bharat shresht bharat scheme launched by prime minister narendramodi which involved exchange of people of different states.
;;0.7906;;attacking prime minister narendramodi , she said the former has been dreaming about forming government again in 2019 post the bjps win in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, adding the reality is that the bjp won courtesy dishonesty.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi had earlier announced that beneficiaries of the scheme would be provided interest subvention at the rate of 6.
;;-0.5719;;there is no doubt whatsoever that the victories in uttar pradesh (up) and uttarakhand have re-confirmed that mr narendramodi is the most dominant political leader in the country today.
;;0.0;;i must also acknowledge that mr narendramodi , after nearly three years as prime minister, remains an indefatigable campaigner.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and road transport, highways & shipping minister nitin gadkari during the launch of setu bharatam project.
;;0.0;;(express file photo by amit mehra/file) prime minister narendramodi and road transport, highways & shipping minister nitin gadkari during the launch of setu bharatam project.
;;-0.0258;;asked about strained relations of the bjp with allies  the telugu desam party, shiv sena and akali dal  and if he could emerge as a consensus candidate if his party fails to get the required numbers in the 2019 lok sabha polls, he said the bjp would retain power under narendramodi modis leadership.
;;0.1027;;rajya sabha mp pratap singh bajwa on tuesday met prime minister narendramodi and suggested setting up a second line of defence of youths in border villages of punjab to check infiltration.
;;0.8779;;the swabhimani shetkari sanghatana (sss), which is supporting the nda government, has urged prime minister narendramodi to revise its decision on increasing the minimum support price (msp) in food grains to ensure better dividends to farmers.
;;0.1531;;a day after prime minister narendramodi accused the then prime minister rajiv gandhi of using ins viraat for his personal holiday trips, former chief of the naval staff admiral l ramdas (retd) refuted modis claim and said no ships were specially diverted for the personal use of gandhi family.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi in lok sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;pti photo / tv grab new delhi: prime minister narendramodi in lok sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.6597;;attacking narendramodi for his shamshan-kabristan remark, he said it doesnt behove the prime ministers post and termed as worrying the bjps bid to tailor the national discourse to its views.
;;0.4939;;in an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana,shiv sena has criticised gujarat chief minister narendramodi over his parochial and regional outlook in only trying to rescue gujarati pilgrims from flood-ravaged uttarakhand.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and shah had laid the foundation for the new office in august last year.
;;0.8807;;gadkari reiterated prime minister narendramodi modis commitment to indias active support in strengthening bilateral relations.
;;-0.4019;;so i have detected since narendramodi became prime minister, unease about the possibility that he might transform india with his economic policies.
;;-0.2987;;the yesterdays encounter and reports of pakistan pushing fake rs 2,000 notes in india via bangladesh were proof enough that the ill-conceived demonetisation was not helping curb terror, as claimed by prime minister narendramodi , he said.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi had yesterday raised the issue saying muslim women must get justice, prompting bjp leaders, including uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, to step up their campaign against triple talaq.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi had yesterday raised the issue saying muslim women must get justice, prompting bjp leaders, including uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, to step up their campaign against triple talaq.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi had yesterday raised the issue saying muslim women must get justice, prompting bjp leaders, including uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, to step up their campaign against triple talaq.
;;0.0;;the second is skills development, which prime minister narendramodi identified as a priority for india.
;;0.25;;the aiadmk, which will contest the bulk of 39 seats in tamil nadu, has said it will seek votes in the name of prime minister narendramodi whereas dmk chief m k stalin had endorsed congress president rahul gandhi for prime minister some time ago at a public event in chennai.
;;0.0;;but results are, by and large, in tune with exit poll outcome (and) all polls indicate that the nda government is returning to power under prime minister narendramodi , he said.
;;0.0;;the senior bjp leader was speaking at the launch of a poster of pm narendramodi , a biopic on the prime minister, which will be released on may 24, a day after the counting of votes cast in the lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;led by prime minister narendramodi , a total of 313 newly-elected mps took oath monday while 222 leaders were sworn-in tuesday.
;;-0.4767;;b'the wharton india economic forum revoked its decision to invite gujarat chief minister narendramodi to deliver a key note address after three indian-american professors from the university of pennsylvania sent a petition signed by about 135 people furious against such a move.
;;-0.1779;;the model that narendramodi has put forward is seriously flawed and is based on some extremely egregious flouting of human rights.
;;-0.1685;;prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)the fund allocated in the 2017-18 budget to maternity benefit programme announced by prime minister narendramodi during his address to the nation on new years eve is inadequate, despite a nearly seven-fold increase, considering it has been expanded to 650 districts, experts have pointed out.
;;-0.25;;b'demonstrators stage a protest against the visit by prime minister narendramodi in parliament square, london, britain, april 18, 2018.
;;-0.25;;reuters demonstrators stage a protest against the visit by prime minister narendramodi in parliament square, london, britain, april 18, 2018.
;;0.0;;a senior indian official associated with prime minister narendramodi modis visit said the indian flag was replaced soon after.
;;-0.25;;demonstrators stage a protest against the visit by indias prime minister narendramodi opposite downing street in london, britain, april 18, 2018.
;;-0.25;;reuters/toby melville demonstrators stage a protest against the visit by indias prime minister narendramodi opposite downing street in london, britain, april 18, 2018.
;;0.6249;;modi go home posters greet pm narendramodi in londonpm modi landed in the united kingdom on wednesday for bilateral talks and the multilateral commonwealth heads of government meeting (chogm).
;;0.2023;;from almost the day narendramodi became prime minister, a series of campaigns were launched by our public intellectuals and politicians to build up a frenzy over some issue or other.
;;0.2732;;leaving the acrimony behind,gujarat chief minister and bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi on monday greeted upa chairperson sonia gandhi on her birthday.
;;0.0;;adityanath along with 23 cabinet minister took oath at lucknows kanshiram smriti upvan in the presence of governor ram naik, prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah, and other senior leaders.
;;0.6369;;senior bjp leader prakash javadekar friday said that gujarat chief minister narendramodi was an asset and most favo-urite among all leaders of the party.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi in lok sabha.
;;0.0;;(youtube screengrab) pm narendramodi in lok sabha.
;;0.5994;;(youtube screengrab)terming prime minister narendramodi modis speech in the lok sabha as arrogant, congress today said he lost a good opportunity to present his vision and what he and his party stood for.
;;-0.128;;we demand that prime minister narendramodi immediately sack the anti-farmer agriculture minister, he added.
;;-0.8591;;pti photo(pti9_25_2016_000194a)prime minister narendramodi appears to be pressing ahead with unconventional pressure tactics on pakistan to isolate it internationally in the aftermath of the uri terror attack.
;;-0.5911;;eminent scholar and historian ramachandra guha (express photo by tashi tobgyal) eminent scholar and historian ramachandra guha (express photo by tashi tobgyal)writer-historian ramachandra guha tuesday tweeted that he had been getting identical threat mails warning him not to be critical of prime minister narendramodi and the bjp.
;;0.7269;;kharge has been invited to attend the meet as a special invitee, and, sources said, the congress is yet to decide whether he should attend the meeting with prime minister narendramodi , chief justice of india dipak misra and lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan.
;;0.7783;;mahatma gandhis charkha was an instrument of empowerment but has now become a fashion accessory to gain credibility, his great grandson tushar gandhi on friday said amid the outrage over prime minister narendramodi modis photo in the calendar and the diary of kvic.
;;0.4019;;so, when information commissioner madabhushanam sridhar acharyulu directed delhi university to disclose degree records of 1978, when prime minister narendramodi is said to have graduated, and issued two orders for inspection of records related to the education details of textiles minister smriti irani, he caught the attention of those interested in the transparency law.
;;0.0;;prime minister shri narendramodi (file photo) prime minister shri narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi will attend the concluding function of narmada seva yatra on monday.
;;-0.7184;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi has handled the uri terrorist attack and the subsequent tension between india and pakistan with great political astuteness.
;;0.25;;(source: ani)during his maiden visit to his constituency since his elevation as the chief minister of uttar pradesh, yogi adityanath on saturday addressed a crowd at gorakhpurs maharana pratap inter college where he said he would push through prime minister narendramodi modis vision of sabka saath sabka vikas in the state.
;;0.8402;;she has secured assurances from u.s. president donald trump, indian prime minister narendramodi and other world powers that they are keen to start talks on boosting links.
;;0.0;;posty the the rio debacle, prime minister narendramodi announced setting up of a task force keeping in mind the next three olympics.
;;0.7579;;earlier donald trump, in his efforts to woo the indian community, borrowed prime minister narendramodi modis winning slogan of the 2014 general elections and was seen in a tv ad saying ab ki baar trump sarkaar.
;;0.0;;i had called narendramodi a tiger of gujarat as he is able to dictate terms to central bjp leaders, darda said in a statement issued in the night.
;;0.5258;;talking about how prime minister narendramodi appreciated her work and encouraged her to do such work in gujarat also, uppal said that she felt demotivated as her work was not being valued by the present government.
;;0.0772;;the party claimed the testimony of a gujarat police officer in it showed that the encounter killings had the prior approval of narendramodi and amit shah.
;;0.6249;;chief minister narendramodi inaugurated the third edition of the khel maha kumbh here on monday and said the proposed sports university in the state will have a tie-up with institutes in china for excellence.
;;-0.8442;;he was also questioned to verify if he accompanied one of the arrested suspects  atif muzaffar  to lucknow where the latter allegedly planted a bomb near a ramlila ground during dussehra celebrations, attended by prime minister narendramodi , on october 11 last year.
;;0.3612;;during the cabinet meeting, prime minister narendramodi is learnt to have announced that rule 108 (i) and 108 (ii) of the motor vehicles act, which allow central and state governments to permit red beacons for dignitaries, would be scrapped.
;;0.8807;;about the india-pakistan peace process, it said prime minister narendramodi once sought to restart the peace talks with pakistan and warm up new delhis relationship with islamabad by inviting his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif to attend his inauguration ceremony, which was an unprecedented act.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping are expected to meet at the summit and recent turn of events along the loc are likely to have a bearing on the negotiations between the two countries.
;;0.4939;;(file photo)on the world environment day, prime minister narendramodi on monday pitched for efforts to save the nature for the future generations as he noted that the entire world is looking towards india in this regard.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to attend world yoga day celebrations here on june 21, an official said on saturday.
;;-0.2023;;advertisingwhile the state government has been preparing to organise the event, sad chief sukhbir singh badal led a delegation of sgpc and dsgmc members to prime minister narendramodi on monday inviting him.
;;-0.2263;;02 riots; pradeep sharma writes to sit chief; says was asked to tell his brother kuldeep sharma to abstain from taking pro-muslim stepssuspended ias officer pradeep sharma has written to r k raghavan,who heads the sit probing into the 2002 riots,claiming that chief minister narendramodi modis office had asked him during the riots to ask his brother and ips officer kuldeep sharma to abstain from taking any proactive measures in favour of minorities.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi , he said, hid behind the armed forces and misled the people in the name of religion.
;;0.4019;;(source: pti)controversial goa minister sudin dhavalikar on saturday came out in support of his colleague and cooperation minister dipak dhavalikar, who had said that prime minister narendramodi will develop india into a hindu nation.
;;-0.296;;the defence exhibition that targets indias futuristic goal of building a self-sufficient domestic arms industry  a key facet of prime minister narendramodi modis make in india slogan  comes even as the armed forces of india facing multiple security threats continue to be saddled with sub-optimal weapon systems.
;;0.6597;;for the bjp, a government in assam would silence growing scepticism about prime minister narendramodi modis popular appeal and party chief amit shahs image as a master strategist.
;;0.0;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , chief minister edappadi k palaniswami said the plant had acquired a global reputation for its high quality steel and is an iconic symbol for tamil nadu.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with us defence secretary, jim mattis at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.1027;;(pti) prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with us defence secretary, jim mattis at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.7579;;(pti)india and the united states have pledged to continue their strong bilateral strategic partnership, the pentagon said after a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and us defence secretary jim mattis.
;;-0.2263;;congress chief rahul gandhi congress chief rahul gandhihours after petrol and diesel prices were slashed by one paisa on wednesday, congress chief rahul gandhi told prime minister narendramodi it was not a suitable response to the #fuelchallenge that he had thrown at the pm.
;;0.0;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on saturday left for ujjain to participate in an ongoing conference at the simhasta kumbh mela.
;;0.0;;@simhasth @simhasthconf  narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 14, 2016the conference, spread over several sessions, is part of the ongoing simhasta kumbh mela on the banks of kshipra river.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has left for ujjain to participate in the concluding session of the inter-faith symposium on saturday.
;;0.0;;as the visiting us secretary of state michael r pompeo meets prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister subrahmanyam jaishankar on wednesday, new delhi will stay firm on the s-400 deal with russia and seek waiver under the us law.
;;0.0258;;the autorickshaw unions have planned to wave black flags at chief minister narendramodi on his visit to navsari town on may 1 to press for the withdrawal of vale added tax on cng.
;;-0.25;;(express photo by amit mehra)bjp leaders including prime minister narendramodi began their day-long fast thursday in protest against the washout of parliament proceedings during both legs of the budget session.
;;0.0;;punjab chief minister parkash singh badal on wednesday urged prime minister narendramodi to review the decision of appointing an administrator of chandigarh, saying the capital city belongs to punjab and its right over it can never be diluted or compromised with.
;;0.0;;b'assam cm sarbananda sonowal with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(express photo) assam cm sarbananda sonowal with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi.
;;0.4215;;(express photo)assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal, currently on his first trip to the national capital after assuming office on may 24, on saturday met prime minister narendramodi and pleaded for release of a total sum of rs 2,6226 crore so that his government could tide over a precarious financial condition, meet committed liabilities and take up several developmental projects as promised to the people during the elections.
;;-0.743;;meanwhile, in 2015, in a separate case, the cbi had raided delhi chief minister arvind kejriwals principal secretarys office in an alleged corruption case, which drew angry reactions from the chief minister who accused prime minister narendramodi of using the probe agency to intimidate him and his government.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo.
;;0.0;;pti ) prime minister narendramodi (file photo.
;;0.6808;;while prime minister narendramodi has increased his number of visits to the state in the past few months, national bjp president amit shah too made frequent trips, compelling frontal organisations of the party to head to rural areas where it needs to pay more attention.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi is trying to hide his shortcomings by inciting religious sentiments.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister j jayalalithaa has told prime minister narendramodi that though indian fishermen from her state arrested by lankan navy in 2015 had been released due to her repeated requests and the government of indias efforts, their gear had, however, not been given back.
;;-0.128;;trying to strike a chord with migrants from bihar in an election year,chief minister narendramodi on sunday said that in the story of gujarats development,gujarati and bihari sweat cannot be separated because both are connected since long.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday announced setting up of a high-powered task force to bring structural reforms in agrarian sector in the country, said niti aayogs vice-chairman rajiv kumar.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , left, and chinese president xi jinping walk together in wuhan in central chinas hubei province, saturday, april 28.
;;0.0;;(yan yan/xinhua via ap) prime minister narendramodi , left, and chinese president xi jinping walk together in wuhan in central chinas hubei province, saturday, april 28.
;;0.7269;;(yan yan/xinhua via ap)between warm wishes to all buddhists on buddha purnima and his remarkable visit to wuhan last week, prime minister narendramodi has had an incredibly busy week.
;;0.2263;;in his churidaar and nehru jacket, narendramodi looked every inch the successor of the first prime minister.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, tripura chief minister biplab deb and others are scheduled to hold rallies in coming weeks.
;;0.8316;;pti photowith ruling aiadmk chief v k sasikala set to succeed him, tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam today thanked prime minister narendramodi and governor c h vidyasagar rao for all the support and cooperation extended by them during his current tenure.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi and adityanath will lead around 55,000 yoga enthusiasts in performing asanas (yoga postures) at the maidan, he added.
;;-0.0516;;during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to paris in april last year, india had announced its intention of buying 36 rafale fighters from france in a government-to-government deal.
;;0.0;;comparing prime minister narendramodi to his predecessor, kataria said: desh ka pradhan mantri pehle manmohan singh jab america utarta tha, toh sa** ko receive karne kay liye aira-gera nathu khaira mantri ja karke airport se lekar ata tha.
;;-0.4404;;she added that the local administration was trying to fool the french president and prime minister narendramodi by covering the entire stretch with bamboo chicks.
;;0.3818;;seeking to rally the nation around the indian space research organisation (isro), prime minister narendramodi on saturday said there would be a new dawn and brighter tomorrow very soon.
;;0.4019;;on the leaders of 20 opposition parties attending a dinner hosted by upa chairperson sonia gandhi and her attempts to rally forces against prime minister narendramodi , malik said, the dinner was hosted to discuss floor management in parliament.
;;-0.5106;;togadia, who has decided to undertake an indefinite fast from tuesday, said his disenchantment with prime minister narendramodi began right after the 2002 post-godhra riots.
;;0.802;;rahul gandhi, in a tweet, presented him a new challenge to pm modi: reduce fuel prices  rahul gandhi, in a tweet, presented him a new challenge to pm modi: reduce fuel prices hours after prime minister narendramodi on thursday accepted the fitness challenge extended by cricketer virat kohli, congress president rahul gandhi grabbed the opportunity to throw another challenge at him.
;;0.7506;;read | pm narendramodi accepts virat kohlis fitness challengeamid mounting pressure from the opposition parties on the relentless fuel price hike, union minister nitin gadkari on wednesday said subsidising petrol and diesel to bring down their rising retail prices will take money away from social welfare schemes of the government and that increase in oil prices is unavoidable since india is now linked to the global economy.
;;0.6369;;khattar said that the state had, after the launch of beti bachao, beti padhao programme by prime minister narendramodi from haryana, accepted the challenge of improving the skewed sex ratio.
;;0.8712;;this is because prime minister narendramodi enjoys a very strong support from the syedna and in the community, both in india and in the diaspora.
;;0.2263;;the cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , approved the project, which will be implemented by noida metro rail corporation limited, jointly owned by the central and uttar pradesh governments.
;;0.428;;the directive is in line with prime minister narendramodi modis public assurance that the centre would not allow the law to be affected, party sources said.
;;-0.4019;;b'goa governments plan to call on prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention on the ongoing mahadayi water-sharing dispute with karnataka has hit a roadblock due to his packed schedule in the wake of up elections followed by a foreign trip.
;;0.0;;on september 8, prime minister narendramodi is expected to address a mega rally in rohtak where khattar shall conclude his yatra.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi walks red carpet with his uzbek counterpart shavkat miromonovich mirziyoev upon his arrival in tashkent on thursday to attend the sco summit.
;;0.0;;(source: pti ) prime minister narendramodi walks red carpet with his uzbek counterpart shavkat miromonovich mirziyoev upon his arrival in tashkent on thursday to attend the sco summit.
;;0.9201;;(source: pti )prime minister narendramodi arrived in tashkent friday to a warm welcome as he kicked off a two-day visit to attend the annual summit of the sco with an aim to expand indias engagement with the china-dominated grouping in areas of security, defence and energy.
;;0.5106;;communist party of india-marxist (cpi-m) leader sitaram yechury on thursday said that the raincoat jibe at former prime minister manmohan singh probably came of prime minister narendramodi modis peculiar imagination.
;;0.4019;;former chief minister keshubhai patel,who announced the formation of a new party (gujarat parivartan party) to take on chief minister narendramodi in the upcoming assembly polls,is likely to be projected as the chief ministerial candidate of the anti-modi outfit.
;;0.0129;;he cheered hard as congress president rahul gandhi took a dig on prime minister narendramodi , saying farmers were under stress, but their loans were not being written off by the government.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday left for home after concluding his 10-day three nation tour during which he attended the east asia and asean-india summits in myanmar, the g-20 summit in australia and held bilaterals with his australian and fijian counterparts.
;;0.0;;sources said mehbooba had planned to visit delhi over the weekend to meet her children and was also planning to call on prime minister narendramodi and other bjp leaders.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi in surat.
;;0.0;;(twitter) pm narendramodi in surat.
;;0.1027;;(twitter)prime minister narendramodi , who reached surat city in gujarat on sunday for a two-day visit, is scheduled to inaugurate various projects in the city on monday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi expressed condolences on twitter.
;;0.5994;;(pti photo)hours after prime minister narendramodi broached the issue of triple talaq and urged muslims not to view the issue from a political perspective, leader of the opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said modi has been the biggest champion of politicising the issue.
;;-0.4939;;they are blaming the central government and prime minister narendramodi for the incidents.
;;0.7506;;(source: file)prime minister narendramodi congratulated shuttler b sai praneeth for winning the usd 1,20,000 thailand open grand prix gold mens singles title in bangkok on saturday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday confirmed that he will visit vladivostok in early september, in a new focus on the far east of russia.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi greets israels prime minister benjamin netanyahu at a meeting in new york.
;;0.0;;(source: ap)prime minister narendramodi on sunday met his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu here, the first meeting between the two countries at the highest level since prime minister ariel sharon visited new delhi in 2003.
;;-0.5574;;(pti photo)senior bjp leader and former union finance minister yashwant sinha, who has been trenchant in his criticism of prime minister narendramodi and his government, on saturday quit the party, alleging that there was a threat to democracy under the present dispensation.
;;0.7964;;read | why should i quit bjp, let the party throw me out: yashwant sinhasinha, who held finance finance and external affairs portfolios in the atal bihari vajpayee government, has had a turbulent relationship with the current bjp leadership including party chief amit shah and prime minister narendramodi since the party came to power in 2014.
;;0.3182;;b'prime minister narendramodi with president of the socialist republic of vietnam, tran dai quang, in hanoi, vietnam (pti/file) prime minister narendramodi with president of the socialist republic of vietnam, tran dai quang, in hanoi, vietnam (pti/file)vietnam president tran dai quang will be arriving in delhi for a visit later this week, during which maritime security and defence cooperation will dominate the agenda.
;;0.6124;;india and the maldives on saturday agreed to launch a ferry service connecting the two countries as prime minister narendramodi and president ibrahim mohamed solih emphasised the need to improve connectivity.
;;0.296;;this is reason why the chief minister narendramodi has not inducted him in the ministry in gujarat, said former deputy chief minister narhari amin who left congress to join bjp just before the assembly elections.
;;-0.6249;;ahead of the oppositions huddle to decide on a consensus candidate for the presidential poll, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee will meet prime minister narendramodi tomorrow to seek more funds for her state for tackling the financial crisis and ganga erosion.
;;0.296;;bsp supremo mayawati termed the tuesdays cabinet expansion by prime minister narendramodi as an electoral drama before the assembly elections in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand and said giving minor positions to a couple of leaders from the deprived sections will not ameliorate the lot of those communities.
;;-0.3612;;referring to prime minister narendramodi modis interaction with media a day ago, mayawati said he has himself admitted that his government has not lived up to peoples expectations of controlling inflation and reducing unemployment.
;;0.0772;;keeping up its attack against prime minister narendramodi and the bjp, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray had earlier taunted modi over his raincoat jibe against former prime minister manmohan singh while heaping praises on the congress for leading the country on the path of development post independence.
;;0.3818;;the gfa and credit protocol for units 5 and 6 of the kudankulam nuclear plant are seen as a major outcome of the annual summit talks between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.3818;;(source: ap photo) the gfa and credit protocol for units 5 and 6 of the kudankulam nuclear plant are seen as a major outcome of the annual summit talks between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.7003;;the general framework agreement (gfa) and credit protocol for units 5 and 6 of the kudankulam nuclear plant are seen as a major outcome of the annual summit talks between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and his nepal counterpart k p sharma oli on tuesday jointly inaugurated the motihari-amlekhganj petroleum product pipeline via a video link.
;;0.0;;president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;(express/prem nath pandey) president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.2732;;(express/prem nath pandey)prime minister narendramodi on sunday said big business houses have started participating in the swachh bharat mission as they see an opportunity in turning waste into energy.
;;-0.1027;;india has pitched strongly to deal with fugitive economic offenders, and prime minister narendramodi has flagged the issue at all global forums, the countrys sherpa to g20 suresh prabhu said saturday.
;;0.4404;;b'chhote lal kharwar chhote lal kharwara bjp dalit mp from uttar pradesh has written to prime minister narendramodi and party national president amit shah alleging caste discrimination by the state government and local party unit, and that he was scolded and thrown out by chief minister yogi adityanath twice when approached with his grievances.
;;-0.5267;;this is the roll call of terror incidents against dalits, that have taken place since narendramodi became prime minister in 2014.
;;0.0;;vishwas said the exchange of barbs between akhilesh and prime minister narendramodi reminded him of adityas satirical poem.
;;-0.6249;;this came after rizvi wrote to prime minister narendramodi suggesting that madarsas should be shut down as it bred terrorists.
;;0.7506;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi ended his three-day fast with a speech focused on the nation this evening,exhorting india to dream like gujarat,and committing his life,mind,body and heart to the service of the country.
;;0.0;;referring to various visits planned between the two countries including that of prime minister narendramodi in june to china to take part in the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit, he said that both the countries especially on the political level, must be very frank and open and candid with each other.
;;0.0;;lauding prime minister narendramodi , fadnavis said the pm has proved to the world that india can go beyond words.
;;0.5106;;watch video: night after surgical strikes: pm narendramodi to review situationit was exactly 1,000 years ago that indias engagement with south-east asia was strengthened by chola and his enthronement.
;;0.6486;;raj thackeray thanks armymns chief raj thackeray spoke to prime minister narendramodi and thanked him and the indian army for carrying out the surgical strike across the loc.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and the indian jawans have undertaken the shraddh (last rites) of pakistan during pitru paksh (a period in the hindu calendar).
;;0.0;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi is likely to address a massive rally in cuttack on saturday  the visit will coincide with the bjds jansachetana yatra on mahanadi river through 15 districts and 47 assembly constituencies.
;;0.4019;;in a massive boost to infrastructure in mumbai, prime minister narendramodi on saturday inaugurated the first metro coach manufactured by the state-run bharat earth movers (beml) and laid the foundation of three metro lines to be built with an investment of rs 19,000 crore.
;;0.0;;b'leading from the front: prime minister narendramodi with his cabinet colleagues.
;;0.0;;(express photo by prem nath pandey) leading from the front: prime minister narendramodi with his cabinet colleagues.
;;0.6808;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah along with members of the parliamentary board rejoice after the partys victory in gujarat and himachal pradesh at the party hq in new delhi.
;;0.6808;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal) prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah along with members of the parliamentary board rejoice after the partys victory in gujarat and himachal pradesh at the party hq in new delhi.
;;0.6705;;read | bmc elections 2017: wont ally with congress at any cost, says maharashtra cm devendra fadnavisthe chief minister hailed prime minister narendramodi for starting transparent politics and added they were getting positive response as all communities have voted for them.
;;0.0;;after punjab and goa where the assembly polls were held earlier this month, the aap will now focus on gujarat, a state where narendramodi was chief minister for nearly 12 years before his election as prime minister.
;;0.9217;;also read: barack obama dials pm narendramodi , says thank you for strengthening indo-us tiesconfirming that us president obama had made a thank you call to pm modi for his continued support, swarup said, both leaders have shared a warm relationship.
;;0.0;;express photo by tashi tobgyalprime minister narendramodi will visit odisha on may 26 and address a public meeting at cuttack, bjp state president basant panda said at bhubaneswar on saturday.
;;0.2732;;pm modi on the cover of a calendar pm modi on the cover of a calendarin a surprise development, prime minister narendramodi has ejected father of the nation mahatma gandhi in the 2017 wall calendar and table diary published by the khadi village industries commission (kvic), official sources said on thursday.
;;0.4588;;recently, while taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi , gandhi had tweeted a fake letter from the pm, saying, dear fm, as you are indisposed and finance secretary is on vacation with his guru on a quest for inner peace, i have decided to shut the finance ministry till further notice.
;;-0.296;;an annual conference of printing industry,which ran into controversy after some of the participants pulled out protesting against an invite to narendramodi modi,was held here saturday without the gujarat chief minister.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (right) and nepals pm pushpa kamal dahal prachanda (left).
;;0.0;;(file) prime minister narendramodi (right) and nepals pm pushpa kamal dahal prachanda (left).
;;0.3182;;(file)prime minister narendramodi today held wide ranging talks with his nepalese counterpart pushpa kamal dahal prachanda on key issues including the political process in the himalayan nation and ways to strengthen ties.
;;0.296;;b'prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping agreed on a close consultation on international matters.
;;0.296;;(reuters) prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping agreed on a close consultation on international matters.
;;0.0;;(reuters)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday congratulated xi jinping on his re-election as the president of china.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with his cabinet colleagues.
;;0.0;;(express photo by prem nath pandey) prime minister narendramodi with his cabinet colleagues.
;;0.0;;this is the essence of prime minister narendramodi modis neighbourhood first policy, he said.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , union finance minister and bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders have also condoled the demise of ahamed.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had also inquired about his health.
;;0.2617;;(source: ap file photo)by naming prime minister narendramodi modis vision of india-us relations laid out in his speech to the joint session of the us congress as the modi doctrine, assistant secretary of state for south asia nisha biswal acknowledged modis willingness to go all out to become an ally of the us, but attributed the ideas outlined in the address to a doctrine of his own.
;;0.3612;;swaraj abhiyan demanded that prime minister narendramodi keeps his word of bringing such vigilante groups to justice.
;;0.3612;;(file) swaraj abhiyan demanded that prime minister narendramodi keeps his word of bringing such vigilante groups to justice.
;;0.3612;;swaraj abhiyan also demanded that prime minister narendramodi keeps his word of bringing such self professed vigilante groups to justice.
;;-0.5106;;india has already rejected trumps claim that prime minister narendramodi sought his mediation on the kashmir issue.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate a new amul cheese unit at banas dairy in north gujarat on saturday.
;;0.5267;;chief minister narendramodi objected to the proposal in his letter to the chief justice.
;;-0.3054;;taking potshots at prime minister narendramodi , mayawati said the people of varanasi had voted for him with high hopes but now have to contend with an mp who does not care about them even when floods in the ancient temple town have submerged abodes of humans and gods alike.
;;-0.3054;;taking potshots at prime minister narendramodi , mayawati said the people of varanasi had voted for him with high hopes but now have to contend with an mp who does not care about them even when floods in the ancient temple town have submerged abodes of humans and gods alike.
;;-0.6249;;b'addresses mega convention of 14,000-odd sarpanchs to mark 50 years of panchayati rajunder fire for blaming malnutrition in women in the state on them being beauty-conscious, chief minister narendramodi on tuesday launched mission balam sukham to address the issue of malnutrition among children and women in the state.
;;0.0387;;in capital,village heads hail cmgulam mohammad momin,the sarpanch of kishorepura village in mehsana district who was given an award,hailed chief minister narendramodi as a revolutionary man under whose rule not only muslims but people from all religions have prospered.
;;-0.8271;;sajad lone, whose father abdul gani lone was killed by militants in 2002, had met prime minister narendramodi in november 2014.
;;-0.5994;;in 2011, when narendramodi was chief minister of gujarat, the state government had imposed a complete ban on slaughter of cows, transportation and selling of cow meat by amending the act.
;;-0.4019;;press council of india chairperson justice (retired) markandey katju on friday attacked chief minister narendramodi for his model of development,saying that a state with malnutrition rate worse than the national average cannot be called developed.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi with president, european investment bank, werner hoyer at a meeting in new delhi on friday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) new delhi: prime minister narendramodi with president, european investment bank, werner hoyer at a meeting in new delhi on friday.
;;0.8555;;(pti photo)european investment bank president werner hoyer today met prime minister narendramodi and appreciated indias strong and proactive measures in the field of climate change.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti (source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti (source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday spoke to jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti offering all possible assistance in dealing with the on-going flood situation in the valley.
;;0.4019;;later this week, the former madhya pradesh cm will get to show his own skills, having been chosen by the party to take on pm narendramodi in his lok sabha constituency varanasi.
;;-0.8176;;pti photocoming down heavily on prime minister narendramodi for not addressing the concerns of the kashmiris in parliament, leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad on wednesday said there is murder of humanity and democracy in kashmir and called for integration of hearts for an amicable solution to the crisis.
;;0.0772;;the partys top leadership condemned politics over the issue by the bjp and reaffirmed that it stands by prime minister narendramodi on issues of national security.
;;0.0;;paris: indian prime minister narendramodi , centre left, and french president emmanuel macron stand in front of the flame of the tomb of the unknown soldier during a ceremony at the arc de triomphe in paris, france, saturday, june 3, 2017.
;;0.0;;(ap/pti) paris: indian prime minister narendramodi , centre left, and french president emmanuel macron stand in front of the flame of the tomb of the unknown soldier during a ceremony at the arc de triomphe in paris, france, saturday, june 3, 2017.
;;-0.7096;;(ap/pti)prime minister narendramodi and newly-elected french president emmanuel macron on saturday paid tributes to the indians who fought and died for france by jointly laying a wreath at the arc de triomphe in paris.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has initiated the process.
;;-0.4019;;hitting back at rivals, prime minister narendramodi on friday said their opposition to him is turning increasingly violent due to the fact that people born in backward castes are in the countrys top positions and also attributed their discomfort to bjps rising strength.
;;0.4019;;under the leadership of (prime minister) narendramodi , the bjp rules 70 per cent of the country with 20 states and more than 1,600 (state) legislators and 330 mps, shah said while addressing the bjp workers from maharashtra to mark the 38th foundation day of the party at a venue in the bandra-kurla complex.
;;0.5859;;our golden period will come when we win bengal and odisha and retain power under the leadership of narendramodi in 2019 with a full majority, he said.
;;0.6486;;(source: pmo/twitter)prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to arrive in qingdago, china on saturday on a two-day visit to attend the annual shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit where india is likely to pitch for concerted regional and global action against terror networks and favour effective connectivity links to boost trade.
;;-0.8957;;describing the terror attack on the iaf base in pathankot as another example of the inexcusable terrorism that india has endured for too long, obama gave credit to prime minister narendramodi for reaching out to his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif after the attack.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi at an election rally in maharajganj, uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/ani_news) pm narendramodi at an election rally in maharajganj, uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/ani_news)prime minister narendramodi is addressing an election rally at maharajganj in uttar pradesh before the sixth phase of polling in the state.
;;0.7184;;(pti photo)the bhim-aadhaar pay mobile application launched by prime minister narendramodi will boost transparency and honesty in payment of income tax in the country, union law and it minister ravi shankar prasad said in nagpur on friday.
;;0.5719;;b'prime minister narendramodi addressing a public rally organized to celebrate the 3rd anniversary of nda government in the centre in guwahati on friday.
;;0.5719;;pti photo (pti5_26_2017_000227b) prime minister narendramodi addressing a public rally organized to celebrate the 3rd anniversary of nda government in the centre in guwahati on friday.
;;0.6369;;pti photo (pti5_26_2017_000227b)on the day his government completed three years in power, prime minister narendramodi on friday identified the northeast region as the new engine of indias growth and announced the launch of a rs 60,00-crore scheme, sampada, to promote the agro and food processing industry.
;;0.0;;in the affidavit,pant had corroborated bhatts statement that he was present in the meeting at the residence of chief minister narendramodi on february 27,2002.
;;0.4019;;b'dmk working president m k stalin also said the party cadres would show black flags to prime minister narendramodi during his scheduled visit to chennai on april 11.
;;0.4019;;(file photo) dmk working president m k stalin also said the party cadres would show black flags to prime minister narendramodi during his scheduled visit to chennai on april 11.
;;0.4019;;addressing the media after chairing an all-party meeting on sunday, dmk working president m k stalin also said the party cadres would show black flags to prime minister narendramodi during his scheduled visit to chennai on april 11.
;;0.5994;;b'minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqviprime minister narendramodi has been running a superfast development train on the safe tracks of national interests, union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said on thursday.
;;0.0;;asked about her partys landslide victory in uttar pradesh elections, sitharaman attributed it to the prime minister narendramodi modis whirlwind campaign.
;;0.875;;praising president pranab mukherjee for his statement on wednesday that diversity, tolerance and plurality are indias core values that must be protected, mulayam said that prime minister narendramodi , who speaks about sabka sath, sabka vikas, should take serious note of the dadri incident.
;;0.0516;;emphasising the need for holistic and preventive healthcare, prime minister narendramodi on friday said that time has come to think about wellness rather than illness.
;;0.0;;bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi on friday held closed-door deliberations with bjp president rajnath singh regarding electoral preparations.
;;-0.1027;;addressing the media, congress leaders ghulam nabi azad, veerappa moily and pawan khera questioned the silence of prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley on the issue.
;;-0.3204;;(pti file photo)in a televised interview to a private news channel cnn news 18, prime minister narendramodi said that all those self-appointed guardians who were trying to create tension in the country did not like that modi is with the dalits.
;;0.0516;;the election commissions (ec) decision to give a clean chit to prime minister narendramodi for his minority-majority speech at wardha on april 1 and his appeal to first-time voters by invoking the balakot air strikes in latur on april 9 was not a unanimous one, the indian express has learnt.
;;-0.4588;;(pti photo)delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal friday wrote to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention in ensuring sufficient water supply from haryana as the national capital stares at a possible water crisis next week.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will address the un general assembly (unga) session on september 27, according to an updated list of speakers released by the un.
;;0.0;;sahibganj: prime minister narendramodi is being presented with a bouquet by jharkhand chief minister raghubar das at the inauguration ceremony of a multi-modal terminal on the ganga in sahibganj on thursday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) sahibganj: prime minister narendramodi is being presented with a bouquet by jharkhand chief minister raghubar das at the inauguration ceremony of a multi-modal terminal on the ganga in sahibganj on thursday.
;;0.4754;;prime minister narendramodi and cricket legend sachin tendulkar have emerged as the most popular parliamentarians of 2017 in the ranking.
;;0.3182;;the entrance to the chenani-nashri tunnel, which the prime minister narendramodi will open on april 2 (source: pti photo) the entrance to the chenani-nashri tunnel, which the prime minister narendramodi will open on april 2 (source: pti photo)the chenani-nashri tunnel on jammu-srinagar national highway, which prime minister narendramodi will dedicate to the nation this sunday, is the indias first and the worlds sixth tunnel to have transverse ventilation system, providing fresh air to passengers.
;;-0.6369;;(pti photo, file)kashmir chamber of commerce and industry (kcci) on wednesday termed prime minister narendramodi modis statement on kashmir as a futile attempt at underplaying the ongoing struggle in the valley.
;;0.0;;he is in new delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh among others in view of the prevailing situation in nagaland.
;;-0.6808;;(source: pti photo)days after prime minister narendramodi asked the states to act against self-styled cow vigilante groups, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal tuesday warned those violating law on the pretext of cow protection of stern action.
;;0.4588;;two aspects being discussed are if rane were to join the bjp, he would have to be accommodated as a union cabinet minister in the prime minister narendramodi modi-led government or at least given a significant role in the bjp organisation led by amit shah.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to spend two hours in srinagar, where he will inaugurate the 330 mw kishanganga hydroelectric power project and lay foundation stone for the semi-ring road project.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to spend two hours in srinagar, where he will inaugurate the 330 mw kishanganga hydroelectric power project and lay foundation stone for the semi-ring road project.
;;0.34;;apart from j&k police and the spg, more than 25 crpf companies have been moved to srinagar from adjoining districts to secure the city ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit on saturday.
;;0.296;;in his article, denying nehru his due, ashutosh varshney (ie, february 14) has rightly contested the assertion of prime minister narendramodi that democracy is integral to the indian nation and that there are many examples of its rich democratic traditions dating back to centuries.
;;-0.7184;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi also took to twitter and condemned the attack.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu during his recent visit to israel.
;;0.0;;(source:pti) prime minister narendramodi with his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu during his recent visit to israel.
;;-0.1531;;even prime minister narendramodi , who signed numerous mous in israel and was the first indian leader to give palestine a miss while visiting the area, refrained from saying that india would recognise jerusalem as an exclusively israeli or jewish city, or that indias embassy in israel would be shifted to jerusalem, for centuries sacred to jews, christians and muslims.
;;0.0;;cpi leader atul kumar anjaan asked prime minister narendramodi to field a consensual candidate for the presidential polls.
;;-0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on thursday expressed deep sadness over the loss of lives in myanmar military plane crash and offered indias help in recovery efforts.
;;-0.765;;indian prime minister narendramodi (vladimir smirnov/tass news agency pool photo via ap/file) indian prime minister narendramodi (vladimir smirnov/tass news agency pool photo via ap/file)prime minister narendramodi will join leaders of china, russia and leading central asian countries in deliberating ways to contain terrorism and boost trade at the sco summit in astana on friday in the backdrop of a series of major terror strikes in several countries.
;;0.4588;;(express archive photo/representational)on new years eve, prime minister narendramodi announced that all pregnant and lactating women would be given rs 6,000 under the maternity benefit scheme.
;;-0.3612;;(reuters)gujarat chief minister vijay rupani on saturday thanked prime minister narendramodi for announcing an ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh for each of the 35 victims of the road accident that took place in bhavnagar on march 6.
;;0.0;;(representational image)prime minister narendramodi will address the centenary celebrations of bharat sevashram sangha being organized at shillong, meghalaya on sunday.
;;0.4767;;expressprime minister narendramodi will inaugurate phase-i of the link-ii pipeline canal of the ambitious saurashtra narmada avtaran irrigation (sauni) yojna in botad district on monday.
;;0.0;;in as much as it built on prime minister narendramodi modis trip to japan last year and their meetings thereafter, japanese prime minister shinzo abes much-anticipated return visit has put the bilateral relationship in perspective.
;;0.0;;the bjps online showcase for prime minister narendramodi , the namo app, which is under the spotlight in the wake of the debate over data privacy in social media, asks users to provide access to as many as 22 personal features on their devices, including location, photographs and contacts, microphone and camera.
;;0.281;;read | narendramodi android app sharing personal info of users without consent: researchera day after these claims, the privacy policy at narendramodi.
;;0.4019;;described on playstore as the official app of prime minister narendramodi , the namo app mentions bharatiya janata party, 11 ashoka road, new delhi-110001, which used to be bjp headquarters till early last month, as the address of the developer.
;;-0.25;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal)congress president rahul gandhi, on monday, took on the government of prime minister narendramodi over atrocities on dalits and assured he will not let bjp and rss destroy the constitution.
;;0.4019;;gandhi said the prime minister was only concerned about how to become the pm and said, narendramodi is only interested in narendramodi modi.
;;-0.7906;;a day after prime minister narendramodi referred to the controversy over evms as a manufactured issue, congress spokesperson abishek singhvi said the bjp is scared and fearful because the fabrication and manipulation may lie somewhere else and that is why they want to bury this issue deep.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the low-cost regional air connectivity scheme launched yesterday by him will benefit many small towns while catering to the middle class and the neo-middle class.
;;-0.4404;;the arrests triggered a political firestorm with kejriwal training guns on prime minister narendramodi on virtually every issue, deepening the rift between the two sides.
;;-0.34;;(source: twitter)raising doubts over the pune polices findings of an alleged plot to assassinate prime minister narendramodi in a fashion similar to rajiv gandhis killing, the congress party on friday said it is modis old tactics to plant stories like this.
;;0.0997;;noting that the nda government is not afraid of taking tough decisions, prime minister narendramodi said that it is not a government of confusion.
;;0.0997;;noting that the nda government is not afraid of taking tough decisions, prime minister narendramodi said that it is not a government of confusion.
;;0.0;;with bjp completing four years in power at the centre, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said that the nda governments commitment to fight corruption has sent shivers down the spines of many who have come on one platform.
;;0.5267;;pm narendramodi , who paid his last respects, tweeted, hailing from backward sections of society, he rose to great heights and tirelessly served people, and described his friend and colleague mundes death as a major loss for the nation & the govt.
;;-0.296;;earlier, robertsganj lok sabha mp chhotelal had written to prime minister narendramodi and accused adityanath of scolding him when he went to take up an issue with him.
;;0.4019;;b'prime minister narendramodi with rajnath singh and amit shah during a bjp parliamentary party meet in new delhi.
;;0.4019;;(express photo/anil sharma/file) prime minister narendramodi with rajnath singh and amit shah during a bjp parliamentary party meet in new delhi.
;;0.0;;pictures of ramkot fort on the banks of mangla dam lake, the buddha mujassama in gilgit, sharda peeth in neelum valley, ali baig gurdwara, and the fountains and gardens at khuiratta are on display as part of an exhibition titled national unity through monuments, which opened on tuesday to mark prime minister narendramodi modis 69th birthday.
;;0.128;;kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan tuesday said that prime minister narendramodi has refused meet an all party delegation from the state which was supposed to apprise him about various issues.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi is behaving like a authoritarian, he said.
;;0.4215;;a fortnight ago, justice karnan had written an open letter to prime minister a fortnight ago, justice karnan had written an open letter to prime minister narendramodi (file photo)supreme court bench invokes contempt proceedings against sitting hc judge for first timethe supreme court wednesday issued a notice of contempt to a high court judge for writing letters, levelling allegations of corruption against several sitting and retired apex court and high court judges.
;;0.7003;;(source: pti)pm modi to reply to debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in rajya sabhaprime minister narendramodi on wednesday will reply to debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in rajya sabha.
;;0.0;;wuhan, china: prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping inside a house boat, in wuhans east lake, china on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo/pib) wuhan, china: prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping inside a house boat, in wuhans east lake, china on saturday.
;;0.0;;kong, speaking to reporters in the central chinese city of wuhan after an informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping, also said that china does not think the indian government has changed its official stance that tibet is a part of china, news agency reuters reported.
;;0.0;;led by prime minister narendramodi himself, the ministers at the centre have always pledged that cooperative federalism would guide this governments relations with the states.
;;-0.6933;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday criticised former prime minister indira gandhi saying she nationalised banks across the country claiming that it was for the betterment of the poor, but did not actually ensure that they had access to banking facilities.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping on a house boat, in wuhans east lake, china on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo/pib) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping on a house boat, in wuhans east lake, china on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo/pib)saturday marked the second day of prime minister narendramodi modis two-day visit to china to hold an informal summit meeting chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.8834;;highlights from pm narendramodi and chinese president xi jinpings informal summithere are key decisions modi and xi have taken:* on india-china cooperation, pm modi listed five elements  thought, communication, cooperation, dream and commitment  and explained how these can become the strength of world peace, stability and prosperity.
;;-0.0772;;b'addressing a press conference, congress leaders ghulam nabi azad, veerappa moily and pawan khera also questioned the silence of prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley on the matter.
;;-0.0772;;(file) addressing a press conference, congress leaders ghulam nabi azad, veerappa moily and pawan khera also questioned the silence of prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley on the matter.
;;-0.0772;;addressing a press conference, congress leaders ghulam nabi azad, veerappa moily and pawan khera also questioned the silence of prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley on the matter.
;;-0.5859;;the nation has always asked the reason behind the maun vrat (silence) of prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley on 11 banking scams of whopping rs 61,036 crore, azad said.
;;0.0;;b'delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal delhi chief minister arvind kejriwalin a letter written to prime minister narendramodi on thursday, chief minister arvind kejriwal wrote that the newly levied 1 per cent excise duty on non-silver jewellery was strangulating the jewellers in the country.
;;0.128;;it is ironic that prime minister narendramodi and the members of the bjp, who wax eloquent about minimum government, maximum governance, went on a day-long fast on thursday on the ruse that the opposition had created a logjam in parliament.
;;0.0;;express photo pm narendramodi and afghan president mohammad ashraf ghani.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi , however, appears ready to embark on a bolder course in matters related to afghanistan.
;;0.4019;;on the occasion of gandhi jayanti, venkaiah naidu also asked people to respond to prime minister narendramodi modis call for a clean india and become swachhagrahis.
;;0.4019;;(source: pti) on the occasion of gandhi jayanti, venkaiah naidu also asked people to respond to prime minister narendramodi modis call for a clean india and become swachhagrahis.
;;0.4019;;watch what else is making news:on the occasion of gandhi jayanti, naidu also asked people to respond to prime minister narendramodi modis call for a clean india and become swachhagrahis.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, crown prince of abu dhabi upon his arrival at in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by amit mehra) prime minister narendramodi with sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, crown prince of abu dhabi upon his arrival at in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.2732;;abu dhabis crown prince sheikh mohamed bin zayed al nahyans visit last week built on the achievements of prime minister narendramodi modis trip to the uae last august  the first by an indian pm in over three decades, which had demonstrated indias break from the past and recognition of the changed dynamics of the middle east.
;;0.2732;;and in the last two and a half years, the way prime minister narendramodi has established trust among the people of the country, by toiling night and day and raising indias profile at the national and international level, has proven that there is no bigger icon in the country at this stage.
;;0.0;;the last nail in the congresss coffin was when narendramodi declared on february 11, at a rally in srinagar, the protection of uttarakhand is my responsibility.
;;0.0;;azad said there was another delegation led by former chief minister omar abdullah, which met president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi and everybody in delhi.
;;0.0;;(ap photo)pakistan sees no hope of a breakthrough in relations with india under the narendramodi government, prime minister nawaz sharifs advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz has said, accusing india of adopting a hegemonistic attitude.
;;0.1779;;there is no hope for a breakthrough in relations with india under modi for a breakthrough in relations with india under its current prime minister narendramodi , associated press of pakistan (app) quoted aziz saying in tv interview.
;;0.0;;led by prime minister narendramodi himself, the ministers at the centre have always pledged that cooperative federalism would guide this governments relations with the states.
;;0.4215;;the opposition party also sought to know why prime minister narendramodi was not raising at the international fora the issue of increase in infiltration from pakistan and why international pressure was not being exerted on the neighbouring country.
;;0.0;;bangladeshi pm sheikh hasina (left) and prime minister narendramodi (source: pmo/twitter) bangladeshi pm sheikh hasina (left) and prime minister narendramodi (source: pmo/twitter)prime minister sheikh hasinas forthcoming two-day official visit to west bengal, may 25-26, would further cement the enduring cultural links between the two countries.
;;0.0;;indias prime minister narendramodi will attend the convocation of the visva-bharati as the chancellor of the university.
;;0.0;;he refuted the allegations of political match fixing between the tmc and the bjp after the recent meeting between prime minister narendramodi and banerjee.
;;0.0;;planning commission member syeda hameed,who was in ahmedabad on sunday to inaugurate conflictorium (a museum of conflicts),said despite chief minister narendramodi modis symbolic gestures of sadbhavna fast,communal rifts still persist in gujarat.
;;0.8689;;addressing a press conference in the national capital, swaraj also said the warmth and ease in relationship between prime minister narendramodi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif can help resolve complex issues between the two neighbours.
;;0.0;;less than a month after being re-elected to office, prime minister narendramodi will have his first bilateral meeting with chinese president xi jinping on thursday afternoon, shortly after his arrival.
;;-0.4854;;on monday, in the first phone conversation between prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump since the special status of jammu and kashmir was revoked two weeks ago, modi told trump that extreme rhetoric and incitement to anti-india violence by certain leaders in the region was not conducive to peace.
;;0.296;;and, when our candidate gets a vote from any mla, question of misuse of the government machinery arisesboth mayawati and akhilesh had to come together to stop the winning spree of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.4215;;b'washington : prime minister narendramodi at the dinner hosted by the president of united states of america (usa), barack obama, at the white house, in washington d.c. on thursday.
;;0.4215;;pti photo (source: pti) washington : prime minister narendramodi at the dinner hosted by the president of united states of america (usa), barack obama, at the white house, in washington d.c. on thursday.
;;0.8625;;pti photo (source: pti)prime minister narendramodi will on friday engage with top world leaders including from canada, britain, japan in a series of bilaterals here on the sidelines of the nuclear security summit, where he would outline indias roadmap and measures taken to ensure nuclear security.
;;0.0;;b'bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina with her indian counterpart narendramodi in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina with her indian counterpart narendramodi in new delhi.
;;0.6908;;invoking the age-old cultural bonds between india and iran, prime minister narendramodi on monday said it was time for the two countries to march together by regaining the past glory of historical ties which had witnessed its share of ups and downs.
;;0.5994;;pti phototamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami met prime minister narendramodi on monday and sought his urgent attention on 23 crucial issues relating to tamil nadu, including cauvery water and central aid for drought relief.
;;0.8126;;(file photo)a day after prime minister narendramodi talked about asia-africa growth corridor, a vision document that envisages a free and open indo-pacific region for countries in asia and africa was launched before the african nations at the african development bank meeting (afdb) at gandhinagar on wednesday.
;;0.0;;abhinav sahaduring fridays rally at burari, chief minister arvind kejriwal took a dig at prime minister narendramodi modis frequent trips abroad, saying he had gone abroad only once since he became the cm and that too for mother teresas canonisation.
;;-0.5859;;sen, who had criticised prime minister narendramodi , resigned as chancellor in february 2015 and publicly lashed out at the bjp-led nda government after stepping down.
;;-0.8924;;ramping up his poll attack on the congress-jd(s) coalition in karnataka, prime minister narendramodi alleged thursday that chief minister h d kumaraswamy did not wish indias air strike on the jaish-e-mohammad training camp in pakistans balakot to be highlighted due to the fear that his vote bank would be upset.
;;0.0;;(file photo)the shiv sena on tuesday called, on prime minister narendramodi and his government to act against cow vigilantes.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi delivering his address via video conference, at the seventh centenary celebrations of jagadguru sri madhwacharya, udupi, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo/pib new delhi: prime minister narendramodi delivering his address via video conference, at the seventh centenary celebrations of jagadguru sri madhwacharya, udupi, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.3612;;pti photo/pibprime minister narendramodi on sunday urged saints and religious institutions to take a lead in raising issues related to social reforms like swachh bharat, saying their word has a bigger impact than the governments.
;;0.875;;welcome to vibrant gujarat,the global business hub  this 20-second running ad carrying a picture of chief minister narendramodi himself inviting investors with his message as the state emerging as a globally preferred place to live and do business is already finding prominent positions on websites of international dailies.
;;0.6808;;b'members of the public would also get an opportunity to express their respective views to prime minister narendramodi through jan ki baat programme during the campaign.
;;0.6808;;members of the public would also get an opportunity to express their respective views to prime minister narendramodi through jan ki baat programme during the campaign.
;;0.0;;nda would hold an 18-day campaign in tamil nadu and puduhcerry detailing the achievements of the narendramodi government at the centre, which completed three years today.
;;0.6808;;members of the public would also get an opportunity to express their respective views to prime minister narendramodi through jan ki baat programme during the campaign.
;;0.8519;;in keeping with prime minister narendramodi modis commitment to higher representation of indian female peacekeepers in police units to un peacekeeping missions, lal added that india is committed to fulfilling the pledge to have 15 per cent of military observers as women by the end of this year.
;;0.0;;(file)once a project is sanctioned, prime minister narendramodi does not let the concerned ministers and officers sleep till it is completed, chief minister devendra fadnavis said on saturday.
;;-0.7096;;india-born author salman rushdie has expressed concern that under bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , india will have a fairly bullying government and attacks on the freedom of expression could worsen.
;;0.4201;;rushdie said there has never been a politician quite like narendramodi in india and given the likelihood of modi becoming prime minister, we have to see whether the experience of office serves to moderate him.
;;-0.6808;;speaking at the inter-state council meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi , singh said himachal pradesh was facing a serious challenge and future possibility of spill over of terrorism in the districts of chamba and lahaul spiti.
;;-0.9638;;the economy of the country was in bad shape, when he came to power; in the brief period, we have overtaken china in gdp growth; steps have been taken towards economic empowerment of the people, foreign investment is coming in a big way, no cases of corruption or scams have come upthe problem with the adversaries of narendramodi , is that they lack the realisation that while trying to harm narendramodi , they are harming the country.
;;-0.4939;;obviously people of india did not believe modi-baitersa fact, which many of us feel, and feel deeply, is that there is none in india, who has suffered more due to intolerance than narendramodi modi.
;;-0.1779;;advertisingthe chief minister has refused to attend the meeting of niti aayog to be chaired by prime minister narendramodi , saying it is fruitless as the body has no financial powers to support state plans.
;;0.3612;;the struggle launched by jan sangh founder syama prasad mookerjee for one flag, one constitution and one prime minister finally came true with the abrogation of special status, he said, adding that there is no place for anti-national and separatist activities in prime minister narendramodi modis regime.
;;0.4019;;(express photograph by tashi tobgyal)in his monthly mann ki baat address to the nation on sunday, prime minister narendramodi touched upon the issues of minimum support price (msp) for farmers and his governments aim towards affordable and accessible healthcare.
;;-0.0772;;attacking the congress, jaitley said the party was shrinking throughout the country and voters were soon going to turn prime minister narendramodi modis slogan of a congress-free india into reality.
;;0.7717;;union health minister j p nadda on tuesday said tb champions, who survived tuberculosis, should be identified to raise awareness about the disease and meet a deadline, set by prime minister narendramodi , to make india tb-free by 2025.
;;-0.0772;;the debate on the motion of thanks to the presidents address in the rajya sabha on tuesday witnessed many attacks and counterattacks from the ruling and opposition members, ranging from a trinamool congress leader claiming that facebooks delhi office has virtually become an extended bjp it cell, a shiv sena member saying that a ram temple would be built in ayodhya under narendramodi modis leadership, and a congress leader questioning the sincerity of prime minister narendramodi modis reach out to muslims.
;;0.9565;;speaking after felicitating padma award winners from telangana at swarna bharat trust (sbt), hyderabad chapter, he said prime minister narendramodi selected unsung heroes from rural areas who are doing selfless service to the society in their respective fields and awarded them.
;;0.3182;;watch: after narsingh yadav dope controversy, cctv cameras in all sai regional centresat the rio olympians see-off function, prime minister narendramodi had spoken about the budget increase for the games.
;;-0.4588;;in his post, shah took on congress chief rahul gandhi who had attacked prime minister narendramodi during a public address earlier.
;;-0.7906;;he added that he was impressed with prime minister narendramodi modis views that the countries should wage war against unemployment and poverty.
;;-0.4215;;targeting prime minister narendramodi , he said that nearly 65 crore people are dependent on agriculture in the country, but the government has hiked the rates of power and diesel, which has increased the cost of cultivation, forcing the farmers to commit suicide.
;;-0.836;;this has inflamed tensions, risking undermining prime minister narendramodi modis efforts to focus on economic advancement.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi , he said currently modicracy is prevalent in the country instead of democracy.
;;0.0258;;earlier, fadnavis had urged prime minister narendramodi for special allocation of funds for irrigation projects in 14 districts of vidarbha and marathwada which witnessed severe drought for four consecutive years.
;;0.0;;however, he added, unlike in the past, the centre is more accommodating in releasing the funds for irrigation projects since prime minister narendramodi is also overseeing the development across the country through pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojna.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi leaves after addressing a rally in rohania, near varanasi, monday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by anand singh) prime minister narendramodi leaves after addressing a rally in rohania, near varanasi, monday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , who spent the last three days in his lok sabha constituency varanasi to lead the bjp charge in the seven eastern districts that will vote wednesday, called on the head of the garhwa ghat ashram, which has a sizeable following among obcs and yadavs, and fed puris and bananas to the cows at the ashram.
;;0.3182;;telangana is also peeved that prime minister narendramodi has not responded to the states plea to increase quota to scheduled castes, scheduled tribes and minorities.
;;-0.4404;;30 pm: prime minister narendramodi condemned the blast in kabul.
;;0.5106;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi on saturday, chief minister j jayalalithaa said, the sri lankan government continues to infringe upon the historically enjoyed rights of our fishermen to fish in the traditional waters of the palk bay.
;;0.4588;;jasbir malhithe city is gearing up to welcome prime minister narendramodi when he comes to inaugurate the international airport on september 11.
;;-0.2732;;the airport has been opened ahead of the prime minister narendramodi modis visit; it is now connected to the main zirakpur-banur road and has cut the journey of mohali residents to zirakpur by around 10 kilometre.
;;0.0;;gujarat under then chief minister narendramodi had gifted four lions to uttar pradesh upon a request from mulayam and his son, chief minister akhilesh yadav.
;;0.7845;;advertisingsingh recalled that prime minister narendramodi and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe had in their vision statement in october last year reiterated their unwavering commitment to working together towards a free and open indo-pacific.
;;0.1027;;explained in chinas shadow, a strategic alliance during prime minister narendramodi modis talks with japans prime minister shinzo abe in tokyo last year, india and japan decided to have a 2+2 dialogue mechanism between the defence and foreign ministers of the two countries.
;;0.0;;advertisingduring a niti aayog meeting recently held in delhi, prime minister narendramodi also emphasised the need for quickly finding a resolution to the mining impasse in goa.
;;0.4019;;(source: pti) narendramodi and amit shah during the bhoomi poojan of the party office in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.3182;;(source: pti)laying the foundation stone for a new and bigger party office, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the bjp had made more sacrifices than any other party, and that bjp workers had had to suffer more than what the congress had suffered during british rule.
;;0.8805;;at the event, party chief amit shah said, when we have the worlds most popular leader in narendramodi , then it is our responsibility that we live up to the expectations of the common man and lend permanence to the wide public support the party is getting.
;;0.0;;west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi met prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah in the national capital on monday and apprised the duo of the situation in the state where post-poll clashes have claimed three lives so far, pti reported.
;;0.4019;;vivek and his sister are now considering approaching prime minister narendramodi with their plea for help.
;;0.1531;;ramdev claimed prime minister narendramodi too conveyed his wishes for the mega event at rajpath.
;;0.5574;;an official statement released said, the cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi approved retention of percentage-based regime, which the 7th cpc recommended to be replaced by a slab-based system.
;;-0.2732;;his obvious dig at prime minister narendramodi , provoked crowds to chant dekho dekho kaun aaya, modi tera baap aaya.
;;0.4939;;i congratulate prime minister narendramodi for completing two years in office.
;;0.765;;prime minister narendramodi is all set to receive another award for one of his ambitious projects the swachh bharat abhiyan  from the bill and melinda gates foundation.
;;0.5859;;twitter.com/qlsxows6jt  dr jitendra singh (@drjitendrasingh) september 2, 2019in 2014, immediately after assuming power after a landslide win in the lok sabha elections, prime minister narendramodi had announced the swachh bharat campaign and vowed to eliminate open defecation nationwide in five years.
;;0.9062;;i thank india for setting an example and was pleased to present prime minister narendramodi with the champions of the earth award.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi took to twitter to express his condolences.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters/file) pm narendramodi took to twitter to express his condolences.
;;-0.9186;;(source: reuters/file)prime minister narendramodi on sunday condemned the shocking attack in london which left at least six dead.
;;0.7003;;buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
;;0.25;;his visit to china comes in the back drop of this months visit to hanoi by prime minister narendramodi during which the two countries agreed to step up their ties form strategic partnership to a comprehensive strategic partnership.
;;0.4215;;after prime minister narendramodi mentioned her in his latest mann ki baat programme on sunday, geeta devi said she hopes she will finally have a solar charkha of her own, which he briefly mentioned in his address.
;;0.4019;;up chief minister yogi adityanath up chief minister yogi adityanathuttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath will be the bjps star campaigner for the gujarat elections along with prime minister narendramodi and amit shah, according to state party president jitu vaghani.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis first official visit abroad in his second term to the maldives and sri lanka reiterated that the neighbourhood first policy remains the credo of the new government.
;;-0.0516;;for pm eyes onlywhen prime minister narendramodi met party president amit shahs team of bjp office-bearers on january 23, he asked them not to hold back from expressing any criticism.
;;0.6486;;in a statement issued from the bjp office, prasad said the decision would give a strong impetus to prime minister narendramodi modis dream of digital india.
;;-0.296;;to a question on the opposition to prime minister narendramodi modis visit to isha yoga centre here tomorrow to unveil the 112 foot adiyogi statue, he said there was no necessity for them to raise such an issue.
;;0.128;;little seems to have moved on the ground during the last 12 months as state government officials associated with implementing the policy try to align the state policy with the one launched by prime minister narendramodi in mid-january this year.
;;0.765;;ladakh bjp member jamyang tsering namgyal, who earned the praise of prime minister narendramodi for his fiery speech on scrapping special status to j&k in the lok sabha wednesday, alleged that the congress party had made people of his region education refugees due to its step-motherly treatment.
;;0.4019;;this partnership in delhi chimes with prime minister narendramodi modis smart cities mission to make indias cities citizen-friendly and sustainable.
;;0.0;;it cast a shadow on bilateral relations, which was reset with the informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping in wuhan in april 2018.
;;-0.5267;;no interpretationin a major gaffe, prime minister narendramodi was unable to listen to the interpretation of remarks by crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohamed bin zayed al nahyan at hyderabad house, as the interpreter was missing.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had laid the foundation stone of these two projects last year with a combined length of 271 km last year.
;;-0.4588;;it has resisted all attempts at revival, including a commendable move by prime minister narendramodi to reach out to his counterpart nawaz sharif with a visit to lahore, which ran aground on the pathankot attack.
;;0.5267;;in his monthly radio programme mann ki baat, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that new india is not a government scheme or a political idea but a unified call of 125 crore indians.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi is on a days visit to uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;photo pti prime minister narendramodi is on a days visit to uttar pradesh.
;;-0.5106;;photo ptiin an apparent dig at the erstwhile congress-led governments, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said most policies had been made in the past keeping the ballot box in mind and not for development or alleviation of poverty.
;;0.0;;on the work front, oberoi is awaiting the release of the biopic on prime minister narendramodi on may 24.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with world leaders at the 15th asean-india summit, in manila, philippines on november 14, 2017 (source: pmindia.gov.
;;0.0;;in) prime minister narendramodi with world leaders at the 15th asean-india summit, in manila, philippines on november 14, 2017 (source: pmindia.gov.
;;0.2023;;addressing that must be one of the top priorities for the discussion between prime minister narendramodi and the asean leaders this week.
;;0.7184;;a fresh round of squabble between the two parties began after prime minister narendramodi granted audience to ysr congress president and state opposition leader y s jaganmohan reddy early this month.
;;0.6124;;about the state visit of prime minister narendramodi on his birthday, vaghani said that state bjp has decided to give him a unique gift by ensuring that at least 5 lakh people downloaded the namo app.
;;0.0;;the government has invited prime minister narendramodi for flagging off a jatha to pakistan on november 8 and president ram nath kovind for the november 12 function to be organised at sultanpur lodhi, where the government is preparing for a massive function by setting up a tent city.
;;0.3612;;he also credited prime minister narendramodi for the coordination between central and state agencies.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi will meet congresss leader in lok sabha, mallikarjun kharge, and chief justice of india j s khehar on monday to finalise the appointment of the next central bureau of investigation (cbi) director.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will launch this week an online national agricultural products market platform that will integrate 585 wholesale markets across india.
;;0.6486;;trump said prime minister narendramodi has asked him to help ease tensions between the two neighbouring countries on the disputed kashmir region and that he would love to be a mediator, reuters reported.
;;-0.25;;the attack on the pdp leader comes hours after jammu kashmir chief minister and pdp leader mehbooba mufti met prime minister narendramodi as well as home minister rajnath singh to discuss the unrest in the valley.
;;0.34;;earlier on sunday, prime minister narendramodi urged all the state governments to engage with kashmiri students studying in different colleges and universities across the country.
;;0.1779;;bhatt had filed an affidavit in the supreme court last month alleging that chief minister narendramodi had instructed top state officials in 2002 to let hindus vent their anger.
;;0.5598;;asked for his comments on prime minister narendramodi not reacting to the incident so far, he said: the media is so powerful.
;;-0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi also expressed grief on the loss of lives and extended his condolences to the bereaved families.
;;-0.2263;;bhatt,a dig with the gujarat police,also claimed that chief minister narendramodi himself tried to undermine the very first writ petition filed in the supreme court relating to the 2002 riots by activist mallika sarabhai and others.
;;0.5106;;about prime minister narendramodi modis vision for converting all vehicles in india to electric vehicles, goyal added that the prime minister has directed a group of senior ministers to lead the initiative and make sure that latest by 2030, if not all, most vehicles in india are powered by electricity.
;;0.5423;;those who are criticizing the abrogation of article 370 cannot be patriots unlike those who are praising india and its leaders, like prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)the two-day india today conclave 2017 event will be marked off by prime minister narendramodi modis address via video conference on saturday evening.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressed the nation on sunday through his monthly radio program, mann ki baat.
;;0.4939;;last week, prime minister narendramodi hailed nitish kumars decision of imposing prohibition in the state and urged all political parties and people to back his move.
;;0.0;;he also quashed rumours about a new understanding between pm narendramodi and chief minister mamata banerjee after their recent meeting in delhi.
;;0.0;;the meeting between pm narendramodi and mamata banerjee was a part of political gesture.
;;0.0;;b'bihar chief minister nitish kumar (express photo by prashant ravi) bihar chief minister nitish kumar (express photo by prashant ravi)having implemented prohibition by banning sale, distribution and consumption of alcohol in bihar, chief minister nitish kumar is taking the idea to a national platform as part of his build-up to emerge as a pan-india leader who can take on prime minister narendramodi in the 2019 general elections.
;;0.2023;;this comes amid congress announcing its cm candidate and bjps top two leaders  prime minister narendramodi and national president amit shah  visiting the state several times during the last one-and-a-half months.
;;0.5499;;since water is state subject as per the constitution, the primary role is that of states but prime minister narendramodi has decided that as in the case of our last government, in even constitutional subjects relating to states, we will handhold and help in capacity building, he said.
;;0.5267;;read | naresh agarwals naachney wali jibe at jaya bachchan upsets bjp: but its nothing new for himaccording to agrawal, he had joined the bjp because he was impressed by the partys work and the leadership of both prime minister narendramodi and shah.
;;0.3818;;jamnagar congress mp vikram madam on sunday alleged that chief minister narendramodi was so neck deep in corruption that to repent and apologise to public,he was going from district to district in the name of sadbhavana mission.
;;-0.3919;;we are demanding the tainted ministers resignation because prime minister narendramodi chooses to take a moral high ground and says no tainted mp should be in parliament but appoints one in his own government.
;;-0.4404;;the union cabinet, headed by prime minister narendramodi , wednesday approved the draft trafficking of persons (prevention, protection and rehabilitation) bill, 2018, which also proposes a punishment of life imprisonment for repeat offenders.
;;0.5574;;b'pm modi during his speech at the shangri-la dialogue in singapore (source: twitter/mea) pm modi during his speech at the shangri-la dialogue in singapore (source: twitter/mea)prime minister narendramodi modis much-lauded speech at the shangri-la dialogue was remarkable for two reasons.
;;0.0;;in november 2015, prime minister narendramodi had a held a meeting with his predecessor manmohan singh and congress president sonia gandhi.
;;-0.7964;;anything prime minister narendramodi does is bad, fascist, dictatorial.
;;0.0;;today, a leading business newspaper began its editorial with the words as the narendramodi government completes two years in office, the economic recovery that began in the last quarter of 2013 continues to gather momentum.
;;0.4019;;the party asked prime minister narendramodi to uphold the law and the constitution.
;;0.5423;;(source: pti)harmony, peace and unity between people is the first requirement for development, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi held bilateral talks with us president donald trump friday ahead of the formal inauguration of the g-20 summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;b'cricketer irfan pathan met chief minister narendramodi in his chamber in the assembly building friday and invited him for the wedding of his elder brother and cricketer yusuf pathan in mumbai on march 27.
;;0.2732;;in an interaction with journalists at the indian womens press corps here,singh praised and defended gujarat chief minister narendramodi but appeared to give primacy to keeping nda partners together.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi promised many things to the scs/sts in his election rallies, claiming that he is an obc himself.
;;0.1027;;(representational)as part of prime minister narendramodi modis flagship make in india project, the countrys first indigenously manufactured and self-propelled semi high-speed train, which can travel at 160 km per hour, is all set to begin its services this june.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.0;;(ap) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping.
;;-0.8074;;chinese president xi jinping and indian prime minister narendramodi agreed in april to open a new chapter in ties, just months after a dispute over a stretch of their high-altitude himalayan border rekindled fears of war.
;;-0.3814;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi (pti photo) congress vice-president rahul gandhi (pti photo)hitting back at rahul gandhi following his attack on prime minister narendramodi over demonetisation, bjp on wednesday said the congress leader was voicing his own and not the poors pain, and accused him of being a spokesperson for those with black money.
;;-0.0516;;with manipur going to polls on march 4, the security establishment has expressed grave concerns regarding movement of political bigwigs, including prime minister narendramodi and congress vice-president rahul gandhi, who will be touring the state in coming days to campaign for elections.
;;0.6249;;zilani had earlier said, with prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath at the helm of affairs, there is no hope that justice will prevail with the muslims.
;;0.3612;;as per the official timeline, the service is expected to commence by 2022 and prime minister narendramodi is said to be keen that the timeline is adhered to.
;;0.0;;talking about the swachh bharat mission, naidu said it is not just a scheme but is a a jan andolan, as the prime minister narendramodi says.
;;0.1779;;under the dynamic leadership of prime minister narendramodi , it is the right time to solve the protracted naga problem, he said.
;;0.1531;;the nation is proud of prime minister narendramodi for isolating pakistan and conducting the surgical strikes to give a fitting reply to it, the hrd minister said on the sidelines of a programme in the city.
;;-0.743;;advertisingthe corporators met union minister nitin gadkari, who was in the city on sunday, and complained about the conduct of barne, accusing him of making personal attacks on prime minister narendramodi and other senior bjp leaders.
;;-0.2023;;the bjp corporators, including eknath pawar, former deputy mayor shailaja more, eknath dhake and shital shinde, submitted a memorandum to gadkari, complaining that barne had been narendramodi , chief minister devendra fadnavis, and others, and therefore, they were completely opposed to his candidature.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi will inaugurate the function to be held near kathwada.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi , deeply embedded in the campaign, was forced to turn to issues otherwise consigned to recesses of most news pages.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi must break his conspicuous silence, if social stability is really on his agenda.
;;0.7906;;saying that a new era had begun in jammu-kashmir and ladakh following the scrapping of special status and bifurcation of the state, prime minister narendramodi assured the people they would get the opportunity to elect their representatives transparently.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will take an aerial survey of cyclone-affected areas of visakhapatnam district at 1.
;;0.5994;;b'while it was not incumbent upon prime minister narendramodi to allude to the delay in making judicial appointments in the course of his independence day address, as chief justice of india t.s. thakur had evidently expected, the judiciary, bowed down by a pendency load of over 22 million cases, is within its rights to voice its concern about the issue at every opportunity.
;;0.7579;;we remain committed to augmenting the airport capacity and facilities to match the 20 per cent passenger growth rate and for constantly improving your air-travel experience under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , he said.
;;-0.4215;;she said prime minister narendramodi followed online those who issued threats to others.
;;0.0;;akhilesh yadav also spoke on prime minister narendramodi and his influence on bjps performance in the state elections, absconding minister gayatri prajapati and his campaign.
;;0.3182;;earlier in the day, prime minister narendramodi and defence minister rajnath singh went to jethmalanis residence to pay their last respects.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with governer of riyadh faisal bin bandar al saud at the riyadh airport on saturday.
;;0.0;;pti photo by shirish shete prime minister narendramodi with governer of riyadh faisal bin bandar al saud at the riyadh airport on saturday.
;;0.1531;;pti photo by shirish sheteprime minister narendramodi is expected to convey indias appreciation of saudi arabias sanctions targeting the lashkar-e-taiba, as well as the need to take decisive action against pakistan-based terrorist outfits when he meets king salman bin abdul aziz al-saud, sources told the sunday express on saturday.
;;0.0;;this was put across by prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah during the meeting of nda constituents held in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;he said that prime minister narendramodi has immense veneration for ambedkar.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (pti file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti file photo)prime minister narendramodi on thursday said he wished to keep working and urged others to do the same too.
;;0.4019;;the ecs order brings clarity on the applicability of election silence on namo tv, which aired political content and pre-recorded speeches of prime minister narendramodi during the 48 hours preceding the first phase of voting on april 11.
;;-0.5106;;before his travel to india to participate in the swearing-in ceremony of prime minister narendramodi , pakistan premier nawaz sharif had ordered release of 151 indian prisoners, including 150 fishermen and one civilian, and 57 boats.
;;0.5859;;advertisingthe 70-year-old dream of shyama prasad mukherjee (bjp ideologue) and pt prem nath dogra (praja parishad leader) has come true under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah, said singh, a senior bjp leader.
;;-0.4767;;delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal on wednesday slammed prime minister narendramodi after fake 2,000 rupee notes were allegedly dispensed by an atm in the national capital.
;;-0.34;;sonia has been mostly out of action after she was taken ill during a roadshow in varanasi, prime minister narendramodi modis constituency, on august 2 last and was admitted to the hospital.
;;-0.9246;;ap photoa war of words broke out monday in uttar pradesh, where votes will be cast thursday in the fourth phase of the assembly elections, with star campaigners narendramodi , akhilesh yadav and mayawati hurling charges, making personal attacks and mocking each other.
;;-0.4767;;b'shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray (express photo) shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray (express photo)shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, taking a swipe at prime minister narendramodi , today said the rs 11,400 crore scam at the pnb had pushed the controversy surrounding the purchase of rafale fighter jets to the back-burner.
;;0.0;;i have asked sena mps to meet prime minister narendramodi or the finance minister and submit a memorandum, asking that the government take complete responsibility for peoples money.
;;-0.0572;;0 government, written to prime minister narendramodi saying that he did not want to continue as a minister in his new government due to health reasons.
;;-0.4767;;the chief justice of india, t.s. thakur, harassed by pendency, wept as he asked prime minister narendramodi to double the judges in indian courts to 40,000.
;;-0.34;;after discussions with prime minister narendramodi and consultations with legal experts, tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam announced this morning that the state government will amend a central act on prevention of cruelty to animals to allow conduct of jallikattu in state with centres backing.
;;0.4404;;(file photo)ias officers in rajasthan will have to read a book comprising prime minister narendramodi modis speeches on good governance during his tenure as gujarats chief minister.
;;0.0;;expressthe kochi metro, indias eighth and the first in a tier-ii city, is set to go into commercial operation once prime minister narendramodi inaugurates it on june 17.
;;0.5423;;as mann sought that prime minister narendramodi also face action for allowing pakistani officials into the pathankot airbase, the committee examined verma as well as senior police officers in charge of security at parliament house.
;;0.0;;through his first independence day speech of his second term, prime minister narendramodi sought to frame his next five years as a journey to fulfil the aspirations of the people after having attended to their essential needs during the previous five years.
;;-0.4019;;things that could not happen in last 70 years have been achieved during last 70 days, prime minister narendramodi asserted referring to articles 370 and 35a to suggest to the nation that his government is neither going to procrastinate on the problems nor will it pander to them.
;;0.872;;he further said that prime minister narendramodi has envisioned a new era of yoga which would inspire humanity in its quest for peace and harmony and every step taken in this direction would aid in achieving that aim.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and his government have mastered the art of doublespeak.
;;-0.8126;;raising her voice against the much debated triple talaq, a pregnant woman on wednesday has written to prime minister narendramodi urging him to ban the controversial practice, after she was was abandoned by her husband.
;;-0.7269;;delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal sunday said the message behind his assault during a roadshow on saturday was that voices critical of prime minister narendramodi will not be spared.
;;-0.5267;;addressing a press conference at the aap headquarters, kejriwal said of late he has repeatedly questioned the relationship between prime minister narendramodi and pakistan and i feel that i was attacked because of that.
;;0.1779;;at his much-awaited rally in barmer on saturday, bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi refrained from targeting expelled party veteran jaswant singh, who is contesting as an independent.
;;-0.3818;;new generationthis emergence of youth leaders like hardik and alpesh is a manifestation of a leadership crisis in gujarat after the departure of narendramodi and amit shah from state politics.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at the world sufi forum at vigyan bhawan in new delhi, thursday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at the world sufi forum at vigyan bhawan in new delhi, thursday.
;;0.3182;;within a gap of a few days, prime minister narendramodi and congress president sonia gandhi addressed prominent muslim forums.
;;0.0;;the cms announcement came a week after his five-month-long narmada seva yatra concluded in the presence of prime minister narendramodi at amarkantak.
;;0.7003;;in his address to the nation in august, prime minister narendramodi had also said that article 370 did not let people of j&k enjoy benefits of several social welfare laws and schemes brought in by the union government.
;;0.1027;;the ccea, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , cleared the construction of an electrified third line between manmad and jalgaon in maharashtra.
;;-0.128;;referring to his meeting with the prime minister on the issue, the chief minister pointed out this was not the first time he had met narendramodi to demand waiver of farm loans.
;;-0.5994;;the victim, pooja kumari, 20, wrote her suicide note in blood addressed to prime minister narendramodi to help her family.
;;0.5106;;over 50,000 visitors enjoyed a wholesome meal at the food counters set up at the venue of chief minister narendramodi modis three-day fast.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo)prime minister narendramodi on sunday is holding a meeting of chief ministers and deputy chief ministers of bjp-ruled states in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.7112;;pti photowith the centre coming under attack over the unrest in kashmir, prime minister narendramodi said his government had nothing to hide and assured that every party would be taken into confidence while the government deals with the issue.
;;-0.8689;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi broke his silence over the rape incident that has shocked the nation.
;;0.2732;;he had then joined bjp in a ceremony attended by fadnavis and union home minister amit shah in new delhi, saying he agreed with the policies pursued by prime minister narendramodi and will work for maharashtra as a bjp leader.
;;0.6486;;bjp sources said the state leadership stepped up efforts to shore up support following a message from delhi that prime minister narendramodi was clear that the government had to be raised.
;;-0.296;;advertisingcongratulating om birla on his election to the office of speaker, chowdhury pointed out that prime minister narendramodi had said outside the house that henceforth there will be no ruling (paksh) or opposition (vipaksh)  only an impartial system.
;;-0.3182;;congress on thursday stuck to its demand for an apology from prime minister narendramodi for his remarks against his predecessor manmohan singh in the rajya sabha, describing his jibe as unheard of in indian parliamentary democracy.
;;0.2732;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi being greeted by assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal during a meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.2732;;pti photo new delhi: prime minister narendramodi being greeted by assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal during a meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.1531;;pti photoassam chief minister sarbananda sonowal on wednesday said prime minister narendramodi has assured him of carrying out the fencing work of indo-bangladesh border on war footing as it is a top priority for the centre.
;;0.4019;;he alleged that prime minister narendramodi modis intention behind demonetisation was to support corporates.
;;0.6249;;the whole intent of narendramodi was to support the digital transaction corporate sector of master card, visa, paytm, wherein a growing economy like india is service charged and merchant discount rate will run into thousands of crores annually (sic), he said.
;;0.6486;;in bihar,this could help congress strengthen ties with nitish kumars jd(u),and in gujarat,it would want to be seen as doing something in the face of bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis rise.
;;0.6461;;thus, it looks very much like a polite way to relieve prime minister narendramodi from the responsibility of reappointing him.
;;0.3182;;twitter.com/qspkciupkw  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) march 24, 2018he also took a swipe at prime minister narendramodi over the delay in appointment of judges to the supreme court.
;;-0.4767;;on samplas statement about the simultaneous lok sabha and vidhan sabha elections, sad president sukhbir badal appealed to the bjp leadership they should request prime minister narendramodi to hold assembly elections along with lok sabha elections in 2019.
;;0.0;;even as wharton india economic forum (wief) announced cancellation of gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis keynote address,the events main sponsor,ahmedabad-based adani groups chairman gautam adani,opted out of the event.
;;-0.7351;;b'senior congress leader anand sharma senior congress leader anand sharmasenior congress leader anand sharma on saturday accused prime minister narendramodi of lying and misleading the country, and dared him to bring out a white paper on the state of economy and job creation in the 27 months since the nda took office.
;;-0.6249;;the congress on thursday pointed to the water crisis in gujarat to question the development track record of prime minister narendramodi when he was the chief minister of the state.
;;-0.34;;the special investigation team (sit),appointed by the supreme court to look into gujarat riot victim zakia jafris complaint accusing chief minister narendramodi and others for allegedly conspiring the 2002 post-godhra riots,friday claimed that the three ips officers cited as star witnesses in her case have conspired to create evidence against the accused number-one (modi).
;;0.4404;;(express photo by renuka puri/file)hitting out at prime minister narendramodi for his naamdar (dynast) barb, congress leader kapil sibal said the people of the country want the next prime minister to be kaamdar, jimmedar and imandar who is not in the habit of making hollow promises.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with bjp leaders.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by prem nath pandey) prime minister narendramodi with bjp leaders.
;;-0.3182;;(source: express photo by prem nath pandey)there was an uproar in rajya sabha on wednesday as the opposition staged a walkout over prime minister narendramodi modis remarks on former prime minister and senior congress leader manmohan singh.
;;0.4588;;watch video: whats making newspraising the various works carried out by nda government under prime minister narendramodi , he said,  our prime minister has a family of 125 crore people and he is working tirelessly for their benefit.
;;0.4939;;b'prime minister narendramodi with sri sri ravi shankar at the world culture festival in new delhi on friday.
;;0.4939;;(express photo: ravi kanojia) prime minister narendramodi with sri sri ravi shankar at the world culture festival in new delhi on friday.
;;0.5267;;(express photo: ravi kanojia)surviving a serious legal challenge and surprise afternoon rains, the world culture festival of sri sri ravi shankars art of living foundation began friday on the yamuna floodplains, with prime minister narendramodi saying that the world will not look towards india if its people kept damning each other.
;;0.4939;;pm narendramodi with sri sri ravi shanker at the inauguration of art of living world cultural festival in delhi on march 11th 2016.
;;0.4939;;(express photo by ravi kanojia) pm narendramodi with sri sri ravi shanker at the inauguration of art of living world cultural festival in delhi on march 11th 2016.
;;0.6808;;b'prime minister narendramodi with the president of united states of america (usa), barack obama, at the white house (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with the president of united states of america (usa), barack obama, at the white house (pti photo)celebration and consolidation.
;;0.4215;;that is how indian diplomats are describing prime minister narendramodi modis fourth visit to the united states in less than two years.
;;0.8807;;prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the us provided an important opportunity to assess how the indo-us partnership can help address global challenges and unleash opportunity in the economic and trade space, a top obama administration official said.
;;-0.4019;;haq made the remarks when he was asked at his daily press briefing about the situation in kashmir and if guterres has been able to understand the kashmir dispute and would he be talking to prime minister narendramodi to start a dialogue with pakistan.
;;0.0;;the project will commence as soon as prime minister narendramodi performs ground breaking ceremony at the railway station on january 9, state chief secretary j n singh told reporters at the station building on friday.
;;-0.34;;the arrest comes a day after prime minister narendramodi visited the state to inaugurate the chenani underground tunnel.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi on saturday paid tribute to lala lajpat rai on his 151st birth anniversary.
;;0.4588;;(file photo)bjps surat unit would be organising a host of events such as 3d mapping show, bicycle rally and sand sculpting by renowned artist sudarsan pattnaik as part of its plan to welcome prime minister narendramodi to the city on sunday.
;;0.0;;b'president pranab mukherjee, vice president hamid ansari and prime minister narendramodi with the newly inducted ministers after the swearing-in ceremony at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on july 05, 2016.
;;0.0;;pib president pranab mukherjee, vice president hamid ansari and prime minister narendramodi with the newly inducted ministers after the swearing-in ceremony at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on july 05, 2016.
;;0.0;;pibprime minister narendramodi on tuesday expanded his union council of ministers at a ceremony in the darbar hall of the rashtrapati bhavan.
;;0.0;;the 19 new ministers inducted into prime minister narendramodi modis council of ministers.
;;0.0;;30 pm: prime minister narendramodi has convened a meeting of his council of ministers.
;;0.0;;its currently underwaydelhi: prime minister narendramodi meets newly inducted ministers #cabinetexpansion (source: pmo) pic.
;;0.296;;15 am: ramdas athawale, rajya sabha mp from maharashtra, has also taken oath and will join prime minister narendramodi modis council of ministers.
;;0.0;;58 am: vice president hamid ansari, prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah and other senior ministers have arrived at rashtrapati bhavan10.
;;0.296;;30 am: read our interview with prime minister narendramodi , where he shares details of his first two years.
;;0.1027;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 5, 2016the first council of ministers expansion of the narendramodi government took place in november 2014, which saw a few changes in the cabinet including the induction of defence minister manohar parrikar.
;;0.0;;sonowal briefed prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh about the situation.
;;-0.0516;;advertisingdesigned as a memorial to the first home minister of independent india, the 182-metre statue of sardar patel, touted as the worlds tallest, was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on october 31 last year.
;;0.0;;however,he subsequently quit chief minister narendramodi modis cabinet,owing to his alleged differences over cms style of functioning.
;;0.7713;;the project got a boost as prime minister narendramodi on friday declared maharashtras farm pond model amongst the top ten most innovative models for water conservation, to bring a change in the lives of farmers.
;;0.0;;on thursday, panneerselvam met with prime minister narendramodi urging the centre to pass an ordinance, but the prime minister said the issue was sub-judice and the government could not interfere.
;;-0.4588;;ptifrom prime minister narendramodi calling it a living monument to the failure of post-independence congress regimes in tackling poverty, to the finance minister arun jaitley taking credit for the highest-ever allocation of rs 48,000 crore towards the scheme in the 2017-18 union budget, the ruling national democratic alliances take on mgnrega (mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee programme) has seen a near about-turn in the past two years.
;;0.0;;vora said chief minister narendramodi will inaugurate the event and also perform bhumipujan (groundbreaking) of some new facilities that will come up at the venue.
;;0.7574;;asserting that prime minister narendramodi has a vision to improve the quality of education and make it more meaningful, javadekar said education should be seen as an emancipator and agent of change and he would come out with a roadmap after consultations with the pm and others including irani.
;;0.3612;;the crown prince of saudi arabia mohammed bin salman on friday told prime minister narendramodi that he was taking steps to keep the oil supply sustainable and regular for countries like india.
;;0.6249;;advertisingthe latest membership drive had started on july 6, with prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah launching it from varanasi and telangana respectively on party ideologue syama prasad mookerjees birth anniversary.
;;-0.7096;;bharti, who is also a minister in prime minister narendramodi modis government could also stand to see her political career severely damaged in case the court rules against her.
;;0.0;;others part of the mandal are former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee, prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh.
;;0.34;;the bsp, which was the first party to respond, has slammed prime minister narendramodi alleging the agenda of the rss is being imposed on the people.
;;-0.4588;;it is unfortunate that the union law ministry seems to be joining in to push this polarising political agenda, instead of taking a cue from prime minister narendramodi who said in a recent interview that the government would wait for the judicial process to conclude.
;;-0.4215;;a day after prime minister narendramodi called pakistan a mothership of terrorism, china today strongly defended its all-weather ally, saying it is against linking any country or religion with terror and asked the world community to acknowledge pakistans great sacrifices.
;;0.4019;;advertisingat the meeting, prime minister narendramodi slammed the opposition for levelling allegations of evm tampering  22 opposition parties had approached the election commission earlier in the day.
;;0.8885;;i am sure, given the manner in which nda, under the premiership of narendramodi , has served india in the last five years, people of our great nation will bless us again with a huge mandate.
;;0.5423;;led by mufti mohammad sayeed who was a visionary leader and supported by prime minister narendramodi , we were able to deliver many things that otherwise were not expected of us during a short spanwe had reports that there was pressure also from pakistan (to destabilise the government).
;;0.4019;;b'a day after the jd(u) announced its plan to launch an anti-bjp campaign ahead of assembly polls in uttar pradesh from prime minister narendramodi modis constituency, varanasi, the aam aadmi party said it will organise a jan samwad (public meeting) in the city on january 24.
;;-0.1945;;prime minister narendramodi had said that sacrifices in uri attack would not go in vain and he has kept the word.
;;-0.8481;;anil sharmaformer prime minister manmohan singh on sunday launched a blistering attack on the narendramodi government, saying that it mismanaged jammu and kashmir and that the governments talk of fighting two-and-a-half wars was yet another hollow promise even as his party accused the government of damaging indias profile globally by conducting the foreign policy in a cavalier manner.
;;0.0;;it said prime minister narendramodi has pursued a personalised foreign policy.
;;0.6808;;mauryas statement comes a day after vhp international working president pravin togadia exuded confidence that prime minister narendramodi will keep his promise of constructing the ram temple in ayodhya and said that the time has come for bringing a law in parliament in this regard.
;;0.0;;our formula is sabka saath, sabka vikas, he said, adding prime minister narendramodi will continue to remain partys face in uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi on a victory march to the bjp office in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;neeraj priyadarshi pm narendramodi on a victory march to the bjp office in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.3291;;neeraj priyadarshia day after the bjps spectacular victories in the recently held elections, prime minister narendramodi said the results in the five states indicated the emergence of a new india, where poor were not seeking sops but asking for opportunities to grow.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi will visit sri lanka this week (file photo).
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will visit sri lanka this week (file photo).
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi modis second visit to sri lanka in two years would hopefully launch a productive new phase in bilateral relations.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah had defended her candidature.
;;0.2732;;a day after prime minister narendramodi urged his ministers to empower the bureaucracy, minister of state (independent charge) piyush goyal rushed in to pep up his officials at coal, power and new & renewable energy ministries by scheduling a motivational talk by author chetan bhagat.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newsprime minister narendramodi on saturday chaired the 11th meeting of inter-state council in the national capital.
;;0.5994;;b'indo-us ties have been further strengthened by agreements inked by president obama and prime minister narendramodi that pertain to areas as diverse as military cooperation and climate change.
;;0.5994;;indo-us ties have been further strengthened by agreements inked by president obama and prime minister narendramodi that pertain to areas as diverse as military cooperation and climate change.
;;0.5994;;indo-us ties have been further strengthened by agreements inked by president obama and prime minister narendramodi that pertain to areas as diverse as military cooperation and climate change.
;;-0.5994;;advertisingthe newly renamed medical institute will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on august 16, the death anniversary of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee.
;;0.0;;the health minister has requested prime minister narendramodi to inaugurate the newly renamed institute on august 16.
;;-0.1779;;b'the west bengal cm had on saturday tore into the narendramodi government, accusing it of bulldozing the federal structure and running a presidential form of government.
;;-0.1779;;(source: file/pti) the west bengal cm had on saturday tore into the narendramodi government, accusing it of bulldozing the federal structure and running a presidential form of government.
;;-0.743;;(source: file/pti)hitting out at chief minister mamata banerjee for criticising prime minister narendramodi and the centre, the state bjp on monday accused her of helping anti-national elements, speaking half-truths and destroying the countrys federal structure.
;;0.0;;the chief minister has termed prime minister narendramodi a dictator.
;;-0.1779;;the west bengal chief minister had on saturday tore into the narendramodi government, accusing it of bulldozing the federal structure and running a presidential form of government.
;;0.3182;;b'prime minister narendramodi modis housing for all plan was one of the crucial parts of his achhe din promise.
;;0.1531;;the congress win even bucked the post-balakot surge for prime minister narendramodi , with amarinder, an ex-armyman, accusing him at every rally of using air strikes to garner votes.
;;0.0;;paswan, the minister for consumer affairs, food and public distribution, recalled that prime minister narendramodi has reiterated on several occasions that reservation cannot be tampered with.
;;-0.1779;;attacking prime minister narendramodi , he said, can any responsible prime minister do this.
;;0.6124;;advertisingi am surprised and shocked that prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi are competing against each other to establish who is a stronger and a popular hindu.
;;-0.0772;;on being asked whether he would contest against pm modi, the aimim president said his party will work to defeat prime minister narendramodi in the upcoming general elections.
;;-0.6249;;on sunday,the violence erupted at than at a time when chief minister narendramodi was about to begin his swami vivekanand yuva vikas yatra from nearby limbdi in surendranagar district,just 50 km away.
;;-0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi is on his way to kerala, where he will visit those injured.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had done its jalpoojan in 2016.
;;-0.1779;;at the beginning of the japan-us-india trilateral meeting on friday, as prime minister narendramodi , us president donald trump and japanese pm shinzo abe were prompted to shake hands for the cameras, trump initiated a three-way fist bump.
;;0.0;;it enhances prime minister narendramodi modis standing.
;;0.0;;new delhi : prime minister narendramodi looks on as external affairs minister sushma swaraj offers a glass of water to nepalese prime minister sher bahadur deuba as he coughed while speaking during a joint press conference, at hyderabad house in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;pti photo by shirish shete (pti8_24_2017_00109b) new delhi : prime minister narendramodi looks on as external affairs minister sushma swaraj offers a glass of water to nepalese prime minister sher bahadur deuba as he coughed while speaking during a joint press conference, at hyderabad house in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;a photo stand of prime minister narendramodi was sold for rs 1 crore monday at the ongoing e-auction of the gifts presented to the prime minister during his official visits to various parts of the country in the last six months.
;;-0.0772;;daggers, pagris, paintings, shawls, and no less than a thousand portraits of prime minister narendramodi by various artists, which adorn the walls of national gallery of modern art in new delhi are among the 2,772 objects that are being auctioned.
;;0.4215;;( pti photo)asserting that reconciliation is the mantra for improving bilateral ties between india and pakistan, jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti on saturday requested prime minister narendramodi to initiate a dialogue process with the neighbouring country.
;;0.0;;the governor also sent a personal message to prime minister narendramodi through the counsel general.
;;0.0;;after 3d holographic projection speeches during the gujarat assembly elections,chief minister narendramodi will use audio bridge, a device used to make telephone conference calls,to connect with 1,500 bjp workers in various places of bihar from his residence in gandhinagar on saturday.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at the run for rio event at major dhyan chand stadium in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi at the run for rio event at major dhyan chand stadium in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.5106;;on sunday, more than twelve years later, prime minister narendramodi used these very words immortalised by vajpayee in a slightly different context  to cheer indias rio-bound olympic contingent.
;;0.0;;b'congress mp kv thomas, the former chairman of the public accounts committee of parliament, alleged that prime minister narendramodi , using his management skills, was able to manage the media and even the judiciary.
;;0.0;;congress mp kv thomas, the former chairman of the public accounts committee of parliament, alleged that prime minister narendramodi , using his management skills, was able to manage the media and even the judiciary.
;;0.0701;;senior congress mp k v thomas on saturday said he had not praised prime minister narendramodi as a good administrator.
;;-0.296;;watch video | bjps double speak out in the open, says congress leader sachin pilot in goacongress vice-president rahul gandhi has accused prime minister narendramodi of taking rs 65 crore in kickbacks from sahara and birla as the chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday asked his party mps to shun negativism and focus on jan bhagidhari and jan niti (people participation and people policy) overlooking politics.
;;0.0;;posters carrying picture of zchief minister narendramodi and eid mubarak message surfaced in minority dominated areas of jamalpur and raikhad in the city on sunday.
;;0.3612;;i would like to emphasise that, ever since narendramodi became the prime minister, the developmental works in the state have been taking place at a rapid pace, he said.
;;-0.1779;;(source: file)congress leader digvijaya singh on saturday hoped that prime minister narendramodi will be able to impress upon russia and china to pressurise pakistan on the issue of cross border terrorism.
;;0.8591;;prime minister narendramodi had summoned a meeting of top bureaucrats last year to discuss the feasibility of encouraging foreign education providers, his personal intervention brightening the chances for the upa-era proposal.
;;0.6124;;the congress on friday alleged that chief minister narendramodi will address only one public rally in poll-bound karnataka as he was indebted to karnataka janata party chief b s yeddyurappa,who had supported his candidature for the post of prime minister.
;;-0.0258;;meanwhile, ctcc president b b bahl and spokesman of the party pradeep chhabra issued a statement on tuesday which criticised prime minister narendramodi and the bjp government for the recent hike in petroleum products, which in turn will lead to a further hike in prices of essential commodities.
;;0.0;;they said that while chief minister narendramodi claimed that he had not allowed corruption during his rule,hes afraid of appointing a lokayukta.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi announced rs 1000 crore assistance for odisha and he also did an ariel survey of cyclone ravaged area.
;;0.0;;during his visit to france in april last year, prime minister narendramodi had announced that india would purchase 36 rafale jets in a government-to-government contract.
;;0.0;;b'are you for gujarat chief minister narendramodi or against him?
;;0.3818;;in a country now embracing fdi melas,where the path to growth is the burning political question,no one presents the pro-growth view more loudly than narendramodi modi.
;;-0.34;;why deny this assumption to narendramodi (attempts to contact ghose proved unsuccessful)?
;;0.0;;(source: pti)the year 2015 saw prime minister narendramodi undertake a whirlwind tour of 26 countries.
;;0.7506;;heres the full text of his foreign trips:2016tehran, may 21: hoping to raise indias relations with iran to a new level, prime minister narendramodi will arrive in tehran on may 21 and, among the meetings scheduled there, is one with irans supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei.
;;-0.872;;belgium  prime minister narendramodi paid tribute to the victims of the brussels terror attacks in which over 30 people, including an indian, lost their lives.
;;0.7351;;read: pm modis russia visit: new, cheaper deal on sukhoi fighter planesheres an interactive story map of modis foreign trips:(map loading)(disclaimer: the map is for representative purpose only and the indian express does not subscribe to the boundaries shown)pakistan  december 2015pakistandeclared prime minister narendramodi modis brief visit to meet his counterpart nawaz sharif in lahore a purely goodwill one and said they agreed to understand each others concerns and continue holding peace talks for prosperity in the region.
;;-0.296;;afghanistan  december 2015three months before prime minister narendramodi unveiled a new parliament building in afghanistan, he had pushed to release more funds for the project, which had missed several deadlines.
;;0.0;;russia  december 2015prime minister narendramodi was on a two-day visit to russia on wednesday for annual summit talks with president vladimir putin.
;;0.6808;;from technology transfer in defence to going after the lashkar-e-toiba, from cyber security to tackling online child pornography  a new joint statement on defence and security has emerged as a major takeaway from the meetings between prime minister narendramodi and his british counterpart david cameron.
;;0.5423;;ireland  september 2015prime minister narendramodi on wednesday sought irelands support for indias membership of un security council and international export control regimes including nsg during wide ranging talks with his irish counterpart which also covered global challenges like terror and radicalisation.
;;0.128;;uae  august 2015prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the united arab emirates has scored big on three fronts  terror, trade and outreach to the blue-collared indian expatriate community.
;;0.2732;;russia  july 2015prime minister narendramodi travelled to russia to participate in the 7th brics summit and sco summit in ufa in a bid to give an impetus to strategic, economic and energy ties.
;;0.5719;;bangladesh  june 2015as india extended a $2 billion line of credit (loc) to bangladesh to develop its infrastructure and signed 22 agreements, prime minister narendramodi almost took a leaf out of former pm manmohan singhs book to address dhakas concerns on teesta and trade imbalance.
;;0.4215;;after landing in spain, prime minister narendramodi tweeted that the visit aimed at improving economic and cultural relations with spain.
;;0.4215;;(source: narendramodi modi/twitter) after landing in spain, prime minister narendramodi tweeted that the visit aimed at improving economic and cultural relations with spain.
;;0.7717;;(source: narendramodi modi/twitter)prime minister narendramodi arrived in the spanish capital madrid on tuesday on the second leg of his six-day, four-nation tour aimed at boosting bilateral economic engagement with them and inviting more investment for indias transformation.
;;-0.4404;;months after a bitterly-fought lok sabha elections in west bengal, chief minister mamata banerjee met prime minister narendramodi on wednesday and invited him to the inauguration of the second largest coal block in birbhum district.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi on monday moved into his new plush office,but what remains unchanged is his sitting arrangement.
;;0.4019;;read moreprime minister prime minister narendramodi (file photo)sp-congress alliance will shatter your dreams, says pm modi at kannauj rallyprime minister narendramodi on wednesday addressed an election rally in kannauj which is slated to go to polls on february 19.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi also approved that the final mbbs examination would be held as a common examination throughout the country, and would serve as an an exit test, to be called the national exit test (next).
;;0.6808;;while the sustainable development path chosen by the country shows that economic growth and environment protection can go hand-in-hand, the world also needs to pay heed to prime minister narendramodi modis call for climate justice.
;;0.8573;;but on march 15 this year, just a few days after the schedule for the lok sabha elections was announced, the 33-year-old leader quit the bjp, accusing prime minister narendramodi and the party of using party workers to market their hollow promises.
;;0.0;;(photo: twitter/@inckarnataka)congress president rahul gandhi on sunday continued his tirade against prime minister narendramodi in poll-bound karnataka and said nirav modi, lalit modi and vijay mallya managed to flee the country and the pm, who once described himself as the chowkidar of the nation, did not utter a word.
;;0.0;;pm modi returns with mann ki baat todayprime minister narendramodi will address the nation at 11 am sunday through his monthly radio broadcast mann ki baat.
;;-0.7579;;and finallyan uttar pradesh woman who named her child narendramodi damodardas modi blames a journalist cousin for perpetrating a fraud.
;;-0.128;;prime minister narendramodi rode an e-boat and an e-rickshaw in varanasi on sunday and said india has to become stronger by empowering its poor.
;;0.5106;;in pics: pm modis gifts to up: free lpg, e-boats and e-rickshaws#watch: pm narendramodi takes an e-rickshaw ride in varanasi (up)http://t.
;;0.4215;;co/5ve4uhjz66  ani (@ani_news) may 1, 2016pm narendramodi distributes e-rickshaws and interact with beneficiaries in varanasi (up) pic.
;;0.5106;;twitter.com/o9aeebkogc  ani up (@aninewsup) may 1, 2016#watch: pm narendramodi enjoys an e-boat ride at assi ghat in varanasi (up)http://t.
;;-0.4767;;on thursday, panneerselvam had met prime minister narendramodi urging the centre to pass an ordinance, however the prime minister expressed helplessness saying the issue was sub-judice.
;;-0.8658;;(source: pti)the congress has reacted sharply to prime minister narendramodi modis stinging criticism at a rally in bihar of the partys role in the anti-sikh riots of 1984, narendramodi for having forgotten raj dharma in the wake of the 2002 gujarat riots, and also for his silence over growing incidents of intolerance across the country.
;;0.0;;a team of patidar anamat andolan samiti (paas), surat, led by co-convenor dharmik malaviya, on tuesday handed over a memorandum to district collector m s patel, seeking permission to meet prime minister narendramodi during his upcoming visit to the district this month.
;;0.4215;;while it is a strategic project that prime minister narendramodi has taken up on priority, the progress on the proposed infra link came up for discussion at the pms meeting with his thai counterpart on the sidelines of the asean summit last year.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi speaks at the annual meeting of the african development bank in gandhinagar.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/ajit solanki) prime minister narendramodi speaks at the annual meeting of the african development bank in gandhinagar.
;;0.0;;veteran bjp leader l k advani and prime minister narendramodi were also present at the event.
;;0.0772;;the cpi(m) on sunday issued a press release calling the decision a mockery of prime minister narendramodi modis call for inclusive growth.
;;0.6369;;after congratulating adityanath, prime minister narendramodi expressed his confidence in the new cm through a tweet: i have immense confidence that this new team will leave no stone unturned in making up uttam pradesh.
;;0.0;;, tweeted prime minister narendramodi as he landed in tashkent in july 2015, beginning his very productive journey through all five central asian states.
;;0.2732;;advertisingchouhan also said that now the historic blunder committed by nehru has been corrected by prime minister narendramodi with the revocation of article 370.
;;0.0;;as the city of nawabs gears up to host prime minister narendramodi for the countrys main yoga day event, a group of school students from lucknow are practising to perform various asanas at the un headquarters in new york.
;;0.4767;;b'the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi has given ex post facto approval for introduction of two bills in parliament for amendments in the constitution (scheduled tribes), said an official statement.
;;0.4767;;(source: pti) the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi has given ex post facto approval for introduction of two bills in parliament for amendments in the constitution (scheduled tribes), said an official statement.
;;0.7351;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi has given ex post facto approval for introduction of two bills in parliament for amendments in the constitution (scheduled tribes) order, 1950 so as to modify the list of sts in respect of five states-assam, chhattisgarh, jharkhand, tamil nadu, tripura and identification of new communities in the union territory of puducherry, an official statement said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;the recommendation was made by a panel headed by professor h r nagendra, prime minister narendramodi modis yoga guru.
;;-0.8957;;a 21-year-old student was arrested monday for allegedly making a hoax call to the delhi police control room threatening a bomb blast at prime minister narendramodi modis rally in uttar pradeshs mau district.
;;0.3818;;chief minister narendramodi on saturday announced gujarats resolve to open as many medical colleges as possible,which would thwart the flow of hundreds of crores of rupees into other states.
;;0.4939;;(file)stressing on unity as the cornerstone of indias strength, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said life of a ncc cadet is beyond the uniform, the parade and the camps as it provides a sense of mission.
;;0.34;;b'(source: illustration by c r sasikumar) (source: illustration by c r sasikumar)with strikes on terror launch pads across the line of control in kashmir, prime minister narendramodi has won much praise at home and drawn little flak from abroad.
;;0.4767;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea), chaired by prime minister narendramodi , has given its approval for development of 1,120 km of national highways in the states of karnataka, odisha, bihar, rajasthan and west bengal, a statement from ministry of road transport and highways said.
;;-0.5994;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi expressed his condolence over the death of nizamuddin.
;;0.0;;pti phototaking strong exception to prime minister narendramodi modis earthquake remark in parliament, uttarakhand chief minister harish rawat today said it was an insult to the people of the state.
;;0.4019;;former chief minister and gujarat parivartan party president keshubhai patel friday hit out at the narendramodi government,alleging discrepancies in the cms pubic statements regarding supply of narmada waters to the parched saurashtra region.
;;-0.3818;;mission bal sukham was launched in august 2012 soon after chief minister narendramodi modis comments in an interview to a foreign publication,wherein he had blamed the states high malnourishment levels on figure-conscious women and a largely vegetarian diet.
;;0.0;;watch what else is in the newspanneerselvam was speaking to reporters at the airport prior to his departure to new delhi, where he is scheduled to meet prime minister narendramodi tomorrow to press for an ordinance for the conduct of the bull-taming sport.
;;0.0;;for the moment, oli, who is viewed as pro-china in india, and his host, prime minister narendramodi , appeared to have made an effort to find meeting ground.
;;0.128;;congress today alleged that narendramodi is busy these days in marketing himself for the post of prime minister,even though there is no consensus on the gujarat chief minister within his own party.
;;0.0;;president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi , uae crown prince sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan were in attendance as the country showcased its military might and cultural diversity.
;;-0.3182;;following the uk ending its decade-long boycott of gujarat chief minister narendramodi last october,britains minister of state at foreign & commonwealth office hugo swire on wednesday called on the cm to discuss trade and human rights.
;;0.0;;b'when it comes to work, prime minister narendramodi says that he is a workaholic.
;;0.0;;(file photo) when it comes to work, prime minister narendramodi says that he is a workaholic.
;;0.128;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi opened up to network 18 group editor rahul joshi about his personal life in an exclusive interview with news 18.
;;-0.836;;(file)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday called up his british counterpart theresa may to express indias deepest condolences over manchester suicide bombing that killed 22 people and they agreed to continue cooperation on counter-terrorism and countering online radicalisation.
;;-0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi conveyed his countrys deepest condolences and said indias prayers were with all of those affected, downing street said in a statement.
;;-0.296;;express photo by vishal srivastavcongress leader shakeel ahmad on thursday equated prime minister narendramodi to alice in wonderland who has no idea about what he was doing.
;;0.624;;the uk is the country partner for the summit in partnership with cii, as announced by indian prime minister narendramodi during his highly successful visit to the uk last year.
;;0.6908;;chandrajit banerjee, dg, cii added : cii is happy to be a part of this important bilateral initiative which began with prime minister mr narendramodi modis visit to the uk last year.
;;0.8591;;the dominant narrative of flood protection includes measures such as embankments, dredging rivers and bank strengthening (ap photo/anupam nath) the dominant narrative of flood protection includes measures such as embankments, dredging rivers and bank strengthening (ap photo/anupam nath)during his recent visit to assam, prime minister narendramodi announced a rs 2,000 crore package for relief, reconstruction and rehabilitation in the flood-affected states in the northeast.
;;0.2732;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modias prime minister narendramodi listened attentively, a top official of the saudi-india business council asked him seven tough questions sunday in a room full of top saudi and indian businessmen and senior indian officials.
;;-0.696;;twitter.com/smqmbgekip  ani (@ani_news) june 13, 2016chief minister arvind kejriwal reacted sharply to the development and targeted prime minister narendramodi , alleging that he does not respect democracy and was only fearful of the aap.
;;-0.9231;;dcw chief swati maliwal on thursday wrote to prime minister narendramodi , expressing concern over the increasing cases of sexual violence against women, and said she would go on a indefinite hunger strike at the rajghat from tomorrow to protest the unnao and kathua rape incidents.
;;0.0913;;kejriwals letters to pmearlier, kejriwal tweeted at prime minister narendramodi asking if he would be able to work if top bureaucrats like hansmukh adhia, nripendra mishra, pradeep sinha, r n choubey and sushil kumar came to office daily but stopped attending all the meetings called by him, and insisted they were not on strike.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi today turned emotional as he paid his last respects to pramukh swami, the religious head of the swaminarayan sect, saying he has lost a fatherly figure.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at chief minister narendramodi for his india first comment,union minister kapil sibal monday said the bjp leader should first demonstrate in his state that he was secular before talking about the rest of the country.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi along with uttar pradesh governor ram naik, up cm yogi adityanath, haryana cm manohar lal khattar, union minister nitin gadkari and others during the inauguration of the eastern peripheral expressway at baghpath on sunday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by prem nath pandey/file) prime minister narendramodi along with uttar pradesh governor ram naik, up cm yogi adityanath, haryana cm manohar lal khattar, union minister nitin gadkari and others during the inauguration of the eastern peripheral expressway at baghpath on sunday.
;;-0.1531;;pm apologiseswhen narendramodi arrived at the convocation ceremony for west bengals visva bharati university, cries of modi, modi greeted the pm, who is also the central universitys chancellor.
;;0.4404;;it is a good week to remember that narendramodi was given a full mandate because indian voters wanted radical changes in the way things are.
;;0.0;;twenty-one years after the idea of a second airport for the financial capital was first suggested, prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the construction site of the navi mumbai international airport (nmia) this sunday.
;;0.6705;;he said gujarat has got its glory because of the vision and execution zeal of prime minister narendramodi who led the state from 2001 to 2014.
;;0.7096;;some years back i got the fortune and good luck of moving our car factory to gujarat and soon again with leadership of narendramodi , gujarat has become one of hubs of car manufacturing in india, he said.
;;0.4588;;the farmers of odisha will get maximum benefit from this announcement made by prime minister narendramodi , he said, adding the central government has implemented as many as 116 welfare schemes in a span of four-years.
;;0.0;;theres has been an outpouring of congratulatory messages ranging from prime minister narendramodi to indian cricket icon sachin tendulkar but dipa said her feet were grounded and her focus is to polish her scores with less than 100 days to go for rio.
;;0.4019;;the immediate instinct of prime minister narendramodi , in contrast, was to flaunt indias special relationship with israel and his own personal bonhomie with israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu.
;;-0.4019;;the problems of the agriculture sector are possibly what prime minister narendramodi aimed to address the most when he called for sabka-saath, sabka vikas.
;;0.0;;he said chief minister narendramodi was squandering public money for personal publicity on the pretext of shaala pravoshotsav.
;;0.6124;;ravish tiwarirahul gandhi wearing a skull cap  although fleetingly  sharing the dinner table with former president pranab mukherjee, who only last week shared the stage with the rss at its nagpur headquarters, and even taking a swipe at prime minister narendramodi modis fitness video, calling it bizarre.
;;0.7003;;rural development minister jairam ramesh on friday accused gujarat chief minister narendramodi of single handedly derailing the ambitious tax reform  gst  a brain child of the bjp-led nda government,and championed by his bihar party colleague sushil modi.
;;0.0;;(it did not happen because of) single handed opposition of narendramodi to gst.
;;0.7003;;he further said there is a universal consensus on gst and all industry associations and corporates who are supporting narendramodi are in favour of gst.
;;0.3818;;in the first pragati review meeting of his second term in office, prime minister narendramodi reiterated on wednesday his governments commitment for the housing for all by 2022 mission and urged bureaucrats to remove hurdles to achieve the objective.
;;0.7906;;the win after trailing lee 2-0 after first period, was praised by everyone and even prime minister narendramodi congratulated the wrestler.
;;0.0;;the origins of the south asia satellite date back to the 18th saarc summit, in 2014 in nepal, when prime minister narendramodi put forward the idea of a common satellite serving the needs of all saarc members.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe move comes after prime minister narendramodi , in his independence day address, urged reduction in the use of single-use plastic.
;;0.7506;;the chief minister and sasikala had earlier urged prime minister narendramodi to release a special postage stamp and commemorative coin in honour of ramachandran, who is also a bharat ratna recipient.
;;-0.3017;;stating that he has discussed this issue with prime minister narendramodi , he said, i will also write to the pm and ask him to release the caste census data  doing so will not increase casteism in any way.
;;0.0;;german chancellor angela merkel, centre and prime minister narendramodi , walk through the garden of the government guest house meseberg palace, during a meeting in meseberg, about 70 kilometers (43 miles) north on berlin, monday, may 29, 2017.
;;0.0;;ap/pti german chancellor angela merkel, centre and prime minister narendramodi , walk through the garden of the government guest house meseberg palace, during a meeting in meseberg, about 70 kilometers (43 miles) north on berlin, monday, may 29, 2017.
;;0.6124;;ap/ptias prime minister narendramodi and german chancellor angela merkel meet on monday and tuesday for bilateral talks, they are expected to find a unique success story on indo-german cooperation in higher education: the number of indian students in germany has more than doubled in the last five years.
;;0.34;;he is known to be close to prime minister narendramodi and national security advisor ajit doval.
;;0.281;;the allegations come two days after elliot alderson pointed out that the namo app, used by prime minister narendramodi modis office to interact with citizens, was sharing users profile data with third-party domains without the users consent.
;;0.0;;my name is narendramodi modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will begin his two-day gujarat visit by holding a roadshow in surat after arriving there tomorrow evening, an official said.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi , while campaigning in 2014 had made a distinction between hindu and muslim refugees from bangladesh and arguing that the former should be accommodated.
;;0.0;;unless of course, theyre accompanying prime minister narendramodi , something they didnt do on his informal summit with the russian president in sochi, with the exception of wion which found the two leaders on a yacht ride, beamed live across the world, it said.
;;0.0;;evidently, india inhabits another planet, since we did not see narendramodi bhai beaming at brother vladimir.
;;0.0;;khan said the baloch people are indebted to prime minister narendramodi for speaking out for balochistans right and the right of the baloch people to be the masters of our own destiny.
;;-0.6604;;attacking prime minister narendramodi , lalu said the country has not been safe under modi.
;;-0.8316;;read: pm modi, yeddyurappa condole death of rakesh siddaramaiah on twittermeanwhile, prime minister narendramodi expressed condolence over the death.
;;0.4588;;may god give the family strength to bear the irreparable loss, tweeted pm narendramodi from his official twitter handle @narendramodi.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi modis idea of india as a leading power has generated widespread interest, but is yet to be fleshed out by delhis permanent establishment.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(express photo by renuka puri) prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley in new delhi.
;;-0.4019;;(express photo by amit mehra)countering the bjp-led governments fourth anniversary publicity campaign, the congress on saturday said prime minister narendramodi , his party and his government have been lying, misrepresenting facts and figures, and indulging in propaganda.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi congratulated the athlete through a tweet early on wednesday.
;;0.802;;follow the leaderon june 4, prime minister narendramodi received afghanistans highest civilian honour, the amir amanullah khan award, from president ashraf ghani.
;;-0.6908;;(file photo)congress today hit back at prime minister narendramodi for accusing the opposition of denying backward castes their rights by allegedly blocking a bill which accords constitutional status to the obc commission.
;;-0.3818;;b'prime minister narendramodi with mozambique president filipe jacinto nyusi during a restricted meeting at presidential office in maputo, mozambique on thursday.
;;-0.3818;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with mozambique president filipe jacinto nyusi during a restricted meeting at presidential office in maputo, mozambique on thursday.
;;-0.93;;(pti photo)against the backdrop of spurt in terror attacks in various countries, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said terrorism is the gravest threat to the world and spoke about bolstering security and defence ties between india and mozambique, which are connected by the indian ocean.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee is likely to meet prime minister narendramodi in delhi on wednesday, sources in the state secretariat said on monday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah attended the swearing-in ceremony which was held in dehradun today.
;;0.2023;;30 pm: rawat is expected to be sworn in at 3 pm in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and senior leader jp nadda.
;;0.2023;;ever since narendramodi put it at the top of his political agenda,other political leaders have picked up on it and us political pundit types have taken to pondering over the word almost as if it were the first time we had heard it.
;;0.7783;;prime minister narendramodi , impressed by the organisational skills of his fellow gujarati that won him the 2014 parliamentary elections.
;;0.1027;;message for chinaan article in organiser comments on the brics summit held in goa and applauds prime minister narendramodi for giving a call to the entire global community to walk away from double standards on terror.
;;0.296;;prime minister narendramodi on friday described as a landmark moment the passage of a bill under which paid maternity leave in organised sector has been increased from 12 weeks to 26 weeks.
;;-0.2263;;in his condolence message,chief minister narendramodi said,today,every single word of the gujarat language is in tears.
;;0.0;;(file)the shiv sena on tuesday called, on prime minister narendramodi and his government to act against cow vigilantes.
;;0.296;;banerjee indirectly accused prime minister narendramodi of trying to take credit for everything positive happening in bengal and spreading lies.
;;0.6369;;reiterating prime minister narendramodi modis aim of making the northeast an organic hub of the country, he called upon famers to contribute in their best possible way to transform assam into an organic hub of the region.
;;0.91;;(source: pib/reuters)prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping on saturday walked together along a sidewalk on the shores of the picturesque east lake here and later took an hour-long boat ride for peace, prosperity and development in a relaxed and friendly atmosphere.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/taxmlkdmq0  narendramodi (@narendramodi) april 28, 2018president xi jinping and i continued our deliberations this morning we discussed multiple aspects of bilateral ties between our nations, modi tweeted.
;;-0.4215;;shortly after the press briefing by union minister sushma swaraj giving out details on the death of 39 indians in iraq, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday rallied behind her and said the ministry of external affairs and colleagues sushma swaraj and v k singh left no stone unturned in trying to trace and safely bring back those we lost in mosul.
;;0.5267;;talking about the future of indo-pak comprehensive dialogue, the momentum for which was set by prime minister narendramodi modis surprise visit to pakistan, haqqani said, i personally think that prime ministers narendramodi and nawaz sharif initiated the talks with sincerity, but pakistans political condition is not conducive enough to allow pm sharif to take any big decision.
;;-0.6688;;he said that despite the promises he made before the 2014 lok sabha poll, prime minister narendramodi failed to bring acchhe din.
;;0.0;;these 2bhk units were completed over a year ago and chief minister narendramodi had even announced about the same during two garib kalyan melas in august 2010.
;;-0.5299;;(source: express file photo)extremely disappointed over uttar pradesh not being given adequate representation in the cabinet, the congress party on thursday took a dig at prime minister narendramodi and said that he does mann ki baat very often but is least interested in kaam ki baat.
;;0.0;;(source: pmo/twitter)prime minister narendramodi will visit chhattisgarh on thursday and dedicate the modernised and expanded bhilai steel plant to the nation.
;;-0.34;;with chief minister arvind kejriwal campaigning in punjab, it was deputy cm manish sisodia who lashed out monday against the cbi arrest of kejriwals principal secretary rajendra kumar and alleged that prime minister narendramodi was conspiring to paralyse the delhi government.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)bjps two-day national executive meeting will begin here tomorrow with all the party bigwigs, including prime minister narendramodi , joining the deliberations.
;;0.0772;;taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi , togadia said, after 50 years of my life dedicated to the welfare of hindus, i was thrown out and for whati didnt ask for any posts, i didnt ask for prime ministershipchai ka thela ya pakoda talne ki karahi nahi manga (i didnt ask for a tea stall or a pakoda frying vessel)i was only demanding ram mandir, the issue on which he became the prime minister.
;;0.0;;location huntingthe last two annual dgps conference, attended by prime minister narendramodi , were held in guwahati (2014) and the rann of kutch (2015).
;;-0.1531;;you just cannot restructure the nationalised banks so that they are once again able to dole out loans to the corporates, said the leader who has written to prime minister narendramodi calling for naming and shaming the top 100 corporate loan defaulters and opposing the creation of a bad bank.
;;0.9819;;but thanks to prime minister narendramodi , this year, merit was the sole criterion in conferring these awards; one can say with justifiable pride that for the first time in the 62-year-old history of the padma awards, the nda government made the entire nomination process online and transparent  this has sent out a clear message that merit, and merit alone, matters.
;;0.7351;;prime minister narendramodi will pay a three-day visit to united arab emirates and bahrain beginning august 23 and hold extensive talks with top leaders of the two countries on bilateral, regional and global issues of mutual interest.
;;0.3018;;singh was incidentally part of the prime minister narendramodi modis backroom before the 2014 general elections and coined the original abki baar refrain, though not its future silly spinoffs.
;;0.0;;(express photo)dalit students of a government high school in kullu were reportedly made to sit separately outside, in a place used for horses, during the telecast of prime minister narendramodi modis pariksha par charcha on friday.
;;0.34;;the borders will become secure when city-like facilities, including roads, communication, schools and hospitals, will be provided to these areas under the narendramodi government, he said.
;;0.5574;;namgyal earned the praise of prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah for his speech in the lok sabha a fortnight ago on the jammu and kashmir reorganisation bill.
;;0.0;;express photo javed rajahours before prime minister narendramodi was scheduled to arrive in ahmedabad to take part in the african development bank (afdb) annual general meeting, high velocity winds, accompanied by thundershowers and hailstorm, hit the city on monday evening, uprooting 79 trees along the major roads of the city and affecting traffic.
;;-0.296;;himachal pradesh elections 2017 live updates: prime minister narendramodi said, no senior congress leader came here to campaign.
;;-0.296;;himachal pradesh elections 2017 live updates: prime minister narendramodi said, no senior congress leader came here to campaign.
;;0.6808;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday slammed the congress saying the party has lost the trust of its own leaders and now looking at rebels from other parties.
;;0.1779;;i have come here to ask you to give it a 3/4th majority: pm narendramodi in hps raitt2:05 pm: i have heard that congress has lost the trust of its own leaders and is looking for rebels in other parties: pm narendramodi in hps raitt2:00 pm: no senior congress leader came here to campaign.
;;0.0;;sources said that the reason behind the delay in organising the first cabinet meeting was a poll promise made by prime minister narendramodi , who had while campaigning announced that a decision on the farmers loan waiver will be taken on the occasion.
;;-0.8271;;the home ministers attack on pakistan comes a day after prime minister narendramodi dubbed it as the mothership of terrorism.
;;0.0;;as part of prime minister narendramodi modis nationwide cleanliness programme swachh bharat, maharashtra governor c vidyasagar rao is set to administer the swachhata shapath (cleanliness pledge) to the staff and officials of mantralaya on the occasion of gandhi jayanti on thursday.
;;0.0516;;b'chief minister k palaniswami presented a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi during his visit to the state today, even as widespread protests greeted modi over the cauvery issue.
;;0.0516;;chief minister k palaniswami presented a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi during his visit to the state today, even as widespread protests greeted modi over the cauvery issue.
;;0.0516;;chief minister k palaniswami presented a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi during his visit to the state today, even as widespread protests greeted modi over the cauvery issue.
;;0.2732;;as part of prime minister narendramodi modis act east policy in international relations, the union ministry of information and broadcasting has agreed to broadcast bangladeshi and south korean state channels on doordarshans freedish in india, and in return dd india will be made available on state broadcasting platforms in both the countries, i&b minister prakash javadekar announced on wednesday.
;;0.4767;;b'afghanistan president ashraf ghani afghanistan president ashraf ghaniafghanistan president mohammad ashraf ghani will embark on his two-day working visit to india wednesday, during which he will hold discussions with prime minister narendramodi on a wide range of matters of mutual interest.
;;-0.128;;chief minister narendramodi once again attacked prime minister manmohan singh on monday,saying the country under him was like a boat sailing without a captain.
;;0.8126;;i am grateful to prime minister narendramodi , party president amit shah and all the senior ministers and my colleagues present, including general secretary of the party bishawjit singh, for electing me.
;;0.1027;;the bjp has made it clear that it was in no mood to compromise on prime minister narendramodi and cm fadnaviss emphasis on transparency as the primary condition for any alliance with the sena.
;;-0.1531;;india will raise its target for restoring degraded land from 21 million hectare to 26 million hectare by 2030, prime minister narendramodi announced on monday.
;;0.6124;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi has declined to accept an honorary doctorate from banaras hindu university (bhu), vice-chancellor g c tripathi said on saturday.
;;0.5267;;in a surprise move, prime minister narendramodi also visited lahore on december 25 to greet his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif on his birthday in person.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi waving along with bjp leader of assam pradesh himanta biswa sarma at a public meeting during a campaign for upcoming assembly elections in rangapara constituency near tezpur in assam on sunday.
;;0.0;;(source:pti) prime minister narendramodi waving along with bjp leader of assam pradesh himanta biswa sarma at a public meeting during a campaign for upcoming assembly elections in rangapara constituency near tezpur in assam on sunday.
;;0.7964;;(source:pti)a strong wind blowing across assam is all set to uproot the ruling congress in the forthcoming assembly polls, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday and appealed to people for a decisive mandate in favour of the bjp.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi was making his maiden visit to the united nations to address the general assembly (unga).
;;0.0;;the 10-day relentless price increases are building pressure on the government to cut excise duty to give immediate relief to consumers but after a meeting of the union cabinet headed by prime minister narendramodi , prasad offered little indication if a reduction in tax was coming.
;;0.34;;(source: file/pti)over 5,000 police personnel will be deployed as part of the security arrangement for prime minister narendramodi modis maiden visit to telangana on august 7.
;;0.0;;the memorial was unveiled by prime minister narendramodi on october 21 last year on police commemoration day.
;;-0.7351;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)prime minister narendramodi on saturday attacked the left for its alleged violent politics and took potshots at the congress for its purported growing irrelevance.
;;0.5574;;senior samajwadi party leader azam khan on friday slammed prime minister narendramodi over his fitness challenge and said while army jawans and journalists were getting killed across the country, the pm was busy accepting fitness challenges.
;;0.0387;;prime minister narendramodi remains an unchallenged at number 1, his third in a row, but go down the list and there are movements up and down.
;;0.34;;as prime minister narendramodi consolidates the strategic partnership with the united states, critics and doubters have questions about the cost of becoming real friends with america.
;;-0.4215;;(source: file)congress may have projected sheila dikshit as its chief ministerial candidate in uttar pradesh but it has no such plans for gujarat, the home state of prime minister narendramodi , where elections are due next year.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and his pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and his pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;-0.3818;;the first domino fell during an all-party meeting on kashmir, when prime minister narendramodi adopted the same confrontational stance as his counterpart in pakistan.
;;-0.0516;;(source: twitter/ @pmoindia)in his first ever townhall, pm narendramodi on saturday said that grievance redressal is must for good governance as he interacted with the nation at the indira gandhi indoor stadium in new delhi.
;;0.128;;after prime minister narendramodi assumed office in 2014, within a short span of time he launched the portal mygov.
;;0.5267;;now, taking a step forward, pmo is giving a chance to regular mygov users to interact with pm narendramodi in the town hall event.
;;0.0;;b'delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and prime minister narendramodi delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on tuesday took to twitter and wished delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal on his birthday.
;;-0.5574;;in the 2014 lok sabha elections, kejriwal had fought against narendramodi from varanasi, but eventually lost to the bjps pm candidate.
;;0.5256;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi is one the most effective communicators and has given new direction to indias economy, president pranab mukherjee said on friday.
;;0.5849;;no doubt in the contemporary period, prime minister narendramodi is one of the most effective communicators and perhaps can be compared with other illustrious prime ministers like pandit jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi who communicated on their principle, on their ideas accepting the parliamentary form of government and particularly to have a secular constitution, mukherjee said.
;;0.0;;the books- mann ki baat: a social revolution on radio and marching with a billion- analysing narendramodi modis government at midterm- were released by lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan at a function held in rashtrapati bhavan.
;;0.0;;the sri lankan prime minister is likely to have a lunch meeting with prime minister narendramodi on september 15, aside from meetings with others in indias political leadership on the same day.
;;-0.8983;;in a memorandum submitted to governor kamla beniwal,they alleged that instead of performing his constitutional duty,mehta was colluding with chief minister narendramodi and his ministers by advising the accused of 2002 communal riots and leaking out documents with a view to weaken the riot cases so that acused persons were not prosecuted.
;;-0.8316;;teesta is a co-petitioner in the case against narendramodi and 61 others filed by zakia jafri,widow of former congress mp ehsan jafri killed during riots in the gulberg society.
;;0.7351;;(source: pti photo)throwing their collective weight behind the creation of a larger opposition bloc in the country, six bigwigs of the erstwhile janata parivar on monday shared dais at a mahadharna slamming the bjp and prime minister narendramodi , even as the ruling party called the initiative a gathering of brand ambassadors of corruption and misrule.
;;-0.7351;;(bjp twitter/files)the bjp on wednesday slammed former prime minister manmohan singh for attacking prime minister narendramodi for his long silence over the kathua and unnao incident and sought an apology from him for keeping quiet when his ministers used the word saffron terror.
;;0.5106;;also read | manmohan singh on kathua, unnao rape cases: pm narendramodi should follow own advice to me, speak more oftenreacting to the interview, prasad said: the pm has promised justice and effective action.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi will be conferred with russias highest civilian honour, the order of the holy apostle andrew.
;;-0.872;;mayawati criticised bjp leader narendramodi and warned that if he becomes the prime minister, the country would in the throes of communal animosity, which would be dangerous.
;;0.0;;tight vigil ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit, on the jammu-srinagar national highway on friday.
;;0.0;;(pti) tight vigil ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit, on the jammu-srinagar national highway on friday.
;;0.0;;(pti)pm modi to inaugurate chenani-nashri tunnel todayprime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the chenani-nashri tunnel, indias longest tunnel, on jammu-srinagar national highway on sunday.
;;0.2732;;strongly pitching for chaturvedis induction as his osd for welfare of delhi, kejriwal contended, in his letter to prime minister narendramodi , that as per dopt instructions, the criteria of cooling-off period was to be exempted for an official who is to be appointed as personal staff.
;;0.0772;;i want to meet prime minister narendramodi to plead with him to intervene, manoj said.
;;-0.2263;;fefar also claimed that one of his messages sent to prime minister narendramodi to show him the mirror in november 2016 reduced him to tears during a speech in goa.
;;0.0;;npp chief and present meghalaya chief minister conrad sangma had also written to prime minister narendramodi in this regard last year.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi has called a meeting of presidents of all parties represented in lok sabha or rajya sabha on june 19 to discuss the issue of one nation, one election, parliamentary affairs minister prahlad joshi said sunday.
;;0.0;;gujarat chief minister and bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi along with his chhattisgarh and madhya pradesh counterparts,raman singh and shivraj singh chouhan,are some of the star campaigners for the december 4 polls picked by the delhi bjp.
;;-0.8885;;source: renuka puriprime minister narendramodi , whose government has come under attack from the opposition over atrocities on dalits, used his independence day speech to stress that a society divided between low and high and by untouchability cannot sustain and call for harsh but sensitive treatment to address such centuries-old evils.
;;0.0;;expressabb hawai chappal wala bhi hawai safar karega was prime minister narendramodi modis punch line when he flagged of low-cost flight between shimla and delhi under udan ( ude desh ka aam nagrik) on thursday.
;;0.8176;;trump also praises indian prime minister narendramodi as a great man and says he looks forward to deepening diplomatic and military ties with india.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi in the lok sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;pti photo new delhi: prime minister narendramodi in the lok sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.5719;;pti photoa day after prime minister narendramodi accused the congress of raising questions over the surgical strikes, the congress monday said he was using the armed forces as a political prop.
;;-0.2732;;prakash javedekar, the lone promotee who was given hrd ministry in the reshuffle of the council of ministers by prime minister narendramodi on tuesday, is scheduled to take up his new position on thursday.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi will meet rss chief mohan bhagwat here tuesday when they are likely to discuss the political situation in the country and bjps strategy in coming lok sabha and assembly elections.
;;0.4019;;b'prime minister narendramodi with cabinet ministers after bjp parliament party meeting at the parliament house.
;;0.4019;;(express photo by prem nath pandey/file) prime minister narendramodi with cabinet ministers after bjp parliament party meeting at the parliament house.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi said eminent muslim leaders can come forward and find a way forward in the matter.
;;0.0258;;(source: pti photo/file) prime minister narendramodi said eminent muslim leaders can come forward and find a way forward in the matter.
;;0.1779;;(source: pti photo/file)prime minister narendramodi on saturday said that the muslim community must not politicise the issue of triple talaq and rather look for solutions.
;;0.8271;;ahead of the monsoon session of parliament beginning today, prime minister narendramodi on sunday reached out to opposition parties during an all-party meeting to ensure the passage of the gst bill while advocating that national interest must be kept above all issues.
;;0.2732;;advertisingat a joint press conference with prime minister narendramodi , who reached france thursday, macron said that he would also convey to pakistan prime minister imran khan that the issue should be resolved bilaterally.
;;0.2023;;b'during an event to celebrate world environment day on june 5, union environment minister harsh vardhan, in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , had pledged to eliminate single-use plastic by 2022.
;;0.2023;;express photo by vishal srivastav during an event to celebrate world environment day on june 5, union environment minister harsh vardhan, in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , had pledged to eliminate single-use plastic by 2022.
;;0.2023;;during an event to celebrate world environment day on june 5, union environment minister harsh vardhan, in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , had pledged to eliminate single-use plastic by 2022.
;;0.4019;;(pti file photo)riding on the massive mandate the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has received in the assembly elections in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, prime minister narendramodi on saturday described the resounding victories as humbling and overwhelming.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi , center, talks to his cabinet colleagues as they walk to brief the media in parliament house, new delhi on monday, express photo/amit mehra prime minister narendramodi , center, talks to his cabinet colleagues as they walk to brief the media in parliament house, new delhi on monday, express photo/amit mehraamid prime minister narendramodi modis overtures to people of pok and gilgit-baltistan region of pakistan, the government is all set to announce a rs 2,000 crore package for displaced people of pakistan occupied kashmir living in the country.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had for the first time talked about the plight of people of pok, gilgit-baltistan and balochistan at an all-party meeting convened to discuss the prevailing situation in jammu and kashmir on august 12.
;;-0.2263;;the meeting is likely to see some fireworks as gujarat chief minister narendramodi and madhya pradesh cm shivraj singh chouhan may oppose linking of organisations like vhp and rss with terror groups.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi meets newly-elected french president emmanuel macron in paris.
;;0.0;;(source: pmo/twitter handle) prime minister narendramodi meets newly-elected french president emmanuel macron in paris.
;;-0.4767;;(source: pmo/twitter handle)prime minister narendramodi on saturday arrived in paris on the last leg of his four-nation tour of europe and met newly-elected french president emmanuel macron with an aim to bolster the bilateral strategic ties and discuss key issues like terrorism and climate change.
;;0.0;;55 pm: watch it live#watch: pm narendramodi interacts with french president emmanuel macron at elysee palace in paris, france.
;;0.0;;france: pm narendramodi interacts with french president emmanuel macron at elysee palace in paris.
;;-0.5106;;as the supreme court advised prime minister and chief ministers not to induct people against whom charges have been framed in criminal and corruption cases, the congress wednesday said the onus was now on prime minister narendramodi to explain the continuation of 14 ministers with serious charges against them.
;;0.0;;on saturday, anais was given a copy of exam warriors, a book penned by prime minister narendramodi , by union railways minister piyush goyal.
;;0.0;;in the lok sabha elections that year, when still with the congress, he had equated the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi with a dog.
;;0.1027;;(source: pti)u.s. president barack obama and indian prime minister narendramodi on tuesday welcomed the start of preparatory work for six nuclear reactors in india, a key step in closing the first deal stemming from a u.s.-india civil nuclear accord struck more than a decade ago.
;;-0.2732;;(source: express photo by vishal srivastav/file)rajya sabha mp vinay katiyar has said there could be truth in lalu yadavs allegation that revival of trial against lk advani in the babri demolition case is prime minister narendramodi modis conspiracy to oust the veteran bjp leader from presidential race.
;;0.0;;russian president vladimir putin (2nd r) and prime minister narendramodi (l) talk to journalist megyn kelly (r) on the sidelines of the st. petersburg international economic forum (spief) at the constantine (konstantinovsky) palace, russia.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters) russian president vladimir putin (2nd r) and prime minister narendramodi (l) talk to journalist megyn kelly (r) on the sidelines of the st. petersburg international economic forum (spief) at the constantine (konstantinovsky) palace, russia.
;;-0.4973;;(source: reuters)the twitterati dont like it when prime minister narendramodi comes face to face with women who make it a habit to live beyond the lakshman rekha  women like bollywood star priyanka chopra and nbc star anchor megyn kelly.
;;0.0;;on thursday night at the konstantin palace in st. petersburg, star nbc anchor megyn kelly had a brief run-in with prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin, just before they went in for dinner.
;;-0.4404;;the release claimed the attacks started after prime minister narendramodi visited bijapur district in chhattisgarh on april 14.
;;-0.8885;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday condemned the maoist attack in chhattisgarhs dantewada in which five people, including bjp mla bhima mandavi, were killed.
;;0.0;;1/2  chowkidar rajnath singh (@rajnathsingh) april 9, 2019former chhattisgarh cm raman singh said, i am in contact with central ministers and spoke to pm narendramodi an hour ago.
;;-0.7783;;referring to prime minister narendramodi and president ram nath kovind, he has said if a tea stall vendor can become a prime minister and a son from a fishing community can become the president of the country, why the weaker sections are being deprived from getting their rights.
;;0.4019;;(source: ani photo)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday announced investment of rs 12,000 crore in upgrading eight highways in gujarat to national highways as part of efforts to boost infrastructure development and job generation in the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will lead the international day of yoga from ranchi on friday with all arrangements being in place at the prabhat tara ground.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, crown prince of abu dhabi upon his arrival at air force station palam, in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;express photo by amit mehra 11 feb 2015 prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, crown prince of abu dhabi upon his arrival at air force station palam, in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;express photo by amit mehra 11 feb 2015in a departure from protocol, prime minister narendramodi received abu dhabis crown prince sheikh mohamed bin zayed al nahyan at the airport as he arrived in new delhi for a three-day state visit.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will lead the international day of yoga celebrations from ranchi on friday, with all arrangements being in place at the prabhat tara ground in the city.
;;0.0;;advertisingan official release on thursday, quoting chief minister raghubar das, said yoga connects people and with the efforts of prime minister narendramodi , the world has adopted yoga.
;;0.1531;;as the house bid farewell to 53 rajya sabha members on friday, prime minister narendramodi lamented that two legislation of immense benefit to the states was not passed by the upper house in the current session.
;;-0.6249;;all india forward bloc (aifb), the party founded by netaji subhas chandra bose, on thursday demanded that prime minister narendramodi apologize to the nation as the union home ministry has mislead the country by saying that the nationalist leader had died in an air crash in 1945.
;;-0.1027;;a day before prime minister narendramodi and pakistan prime minister imran khan land in the kyrgyz republics capital, its cloudy in bishkek and five indian medical students are posing for photos in front of an imposing soviet-era building that houses the state history museum at ala-too square in the heart of the city.
;;0.0;;the warrants were issued after an fir was filed against the bjp leader for his alleged inflammatory speech on april 18 saying those who opposed bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi would have to find a place in pakistan.
;;-0.8779;;co/xpioriamcs  ani (@ani_news) march 5, 2016in january, prime minister narendramodi , while speaking on rohiths suicide at the university of hyderabad, had said that mother india had lost a son and that he felt the pain.
;;-0.4588;;speaking to reporters, nitish, who has banned alcohol in bihar said that prime minister narendramodi should implement it as a tribute to mahatama gandhi.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi said it would have been better if this bill was passed in the upper house, he added.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi said it would have been better if this bill was passed in the upper house, he added.
;;0.2732;;questioning the opposition parties for stopping the passage of bill that seeks to accord constitutional status to the obc commission, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday asked them the reason behind blocking the bill in the rajya sabha when it aims to benefit backward castes.
;;0.296;;b'prime minister narendramodi will share his thoughts with the people of the country in his monthly mann ki baat programme on sunday.
;;0.296;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi will share his thoughts with the people of the country in his monthly mann ki baat programme on sunday.
;;0.0;;(file photo)addressing the 42nd mann ki baat programme, prime minister narendramodi on sunday touched upon the issues of msp for farmers and his governments aim towards affordable and accessible healthcare.
;;0.4215;;b'prime minister narendramodi meeting the president of united states of america (usa), barack obama in oval office, at white house, in washington dc, usa on tuesday.
;;0.4215;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi meeting the president of united states of america (usa), barack obama in oval office, at white house, in washington dc, usa on tuesday.
;;0.4588;;during the 2014 elections in india, for example, prime minister narendramodi used his background of humble beginnings to his benefit.
;;-0.5719;;b'it can be bluntly stated that prime minister narendramodi modis withdrawal of 86 per cent of the nations currency had no economic rationale.
;;-0.5719;;it can be bluntly stated that prime minister narendramodi modis withdrawal of 86 per cent of the nations currency had no economic rationale.
;;-0.5719;;it can be bluntly stated that prime minister narendramodi modis withdrawal of 86 per cent of the nations currency had no economic rationale.
;;0.0516;;bukhari told newsline that hazares praise for gujarat chief minister narendramodi had hurt muslim sentiments.
;;0.0;;in a letter written to prime minister narendramodi in november last year, the co-founders of bmma, noorjehan safia niaz and zakia soman, have mentioned that they had just published national research with a primary sample of 4,710 muslim women across 10 states in which 92.
;;0.4019;;(file photo)hailing the nda government for its pro-poor policies, the bjp on sunday urged people to help prime minister narendramodi form the next government too  in 2019.
;;0.0;;the bjp calls upon the people of our country to take a pledge to form a government under the leadership of narendramodi in 2019 in order to have the continuity of development and welfare policies for all, it said.
;;0.5106;;b'prime minister narendramodi (file) prime minister narendramodi (file)taking a swipe at the previous governments, prime minister narendramodi said that his government has strived to free the housing sector from the clutches of middlemen and corruption.
;;0.25;;as if it were not enough to gauge the impact of the narendramodi government after four years of its rule at the centre  and upon an opposition-ruled state  the congress decision to give minority status to the powerful lingayat caste in karnataka is believed to be backfiring in many strange ways.
;;-0.7997;;second, despite lingayat support and prime minister narendramodi modis attacking campaign, the bjp remains weak in southern karnataka (old mysore region), the largest region of the state.
;;0.0;;key, who is leading a business and education delegation from october 24 to 28, will hold talks in new delhi with president pranab mukherjee, who visited new zealand earlier this year, and prime minister narendramodi , xinhua news agency reported.
;;0.0;;wuhan, china: prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping along the east lake, in wuhan, china.
;;0.0;;pti photo/ pib wuhan, china: prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping along the east lake, in wuhan, china.
;;-0.34;;pti photo/ pibthe wuhan summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping broke new ground as they identified the guiding principles for bilateral ties, drew up a blueprint for cooperation and mapped out concrete measures to implement the consensus reached, the chinese foreign ministry said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;mahatma gandhi was on sunday remembered on his 147th birth anniversary, with president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and other leaders paying floral tributes to the father of the nation at his memorial.
;;0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi after his speech in the us congress has left a deep mark in america and his good relations with president barrack obama will drive india and america towards tighter embrace even in science and technology.
;;-0.5719;;the crisis facing indian football monday reached the doorsteps of prime minister narendramodi , with six i-league clubs requesting him to set up an enquiry commission and probe the all india football federations functioning.
;;0.6124;;promising a new nation in a new year and a clean-up of what he called the 70-year-old slush pile of black money, prime minister narendramodi told his party mps tuesday that the decision to demonetise notes of higher denomination was to help the poor.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi on monday greeted the people of arunachal pradesh and mizoram on their statehood day.
;;-0.4404;;the attendants, who were lined up on either side holding up green clothes to shade them from the harsh sun, shouted slogans calling out to e k palanisami (tamil nadu chief minister) and asking prime minister narendramodi to show up.
;;0.1531;;mamata had sent jaitley an invite for the event  which kicks off in kolkata on january 20  weeks before prime minister narendramodi had made the announcement of demonetisation.
;;0.0;;before him, prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi, and several other leaders also visited him at aiims.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi talked of cooperative federalism and minimum government in those early halcyon months of last year, and i was among those who believed him.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi talked of cooperative federalism and minimum government in those early halcyon months of last year, and i was among those who believed him.
;;-0.1779;;to a query,the party also said that there is no pressure from nda partners to keep away gujarat chief minister narendramodi for the next parliamentary polls.
;;0.743;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday launched the fit india movement, a nation-wide campaign to encourage citizens to take up physical activity and sports in their daily life.
;;0.8934;;follow live updates on fit india movementbefore the fit india movement, a look at the other fitness initiatives launched by prime minister narendramodi modi* yoga daysoon after coming to power in 2014, prime minister narendramodi focused on promoting yoga.
;;0.3612;;in his first mann ki baat address after completing three years in government, prime minister narendramodi on sunday welcomed constructive criticism from the public, saying that it strengthens the democracy.
;;-0.0258;;when chief minister narendramodi talked about women guards of the gir forest taking tourists to view lions,at a ficci meet in new delhi on monday,he could have as well meant anita raval,a forest beat guard working in the arduous terrain of the shoolpaneshwar wildlife sanctuary around the karjan dam in narmadas nandod taluka,tracking down people cutting trees,preventing forest fire and chasing away leopards,an example that encapsulates the spirit of women in the state.
;;0.6808;;foreign secretary vijay keshav gokhale thursday said prime minister narendramodi , who is leaving for the us friday, will not discuss the issue of article 370 at the united nations and will focus on development and other issues when he addresses the united nations general assembly in new york on september 27 morning.
;;0.0;;the move comes a day after a delegation of dalit mps met prime minister narendramodi over the issue.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi (r) with union ministers prime minister narendramodi (r) with union ministers arun jaitley (c) and ravi shankar prasad at parliament house in new delhi (express photo/praveen jain/file)the order drew criticism from various quarters  particularly the norm that mandates a preliminary probe by an officer not below dysp rank before arresting a public servant under the sc/st act.
;;0.0;;the aap government has written to prime minister narendramodi asking for a reversal of the cabinet committee on economic affairs (cceas) decision to scrap subsidy on sugar in ration shops.
;;-0.34;;he charged aiadmk mps with showing interest only in making (aiadmk general secretary) v k sasikala as chief minister and not in urging the centre nor meeting prime minister narendramodi over the jallikattu ban.
;;-0.4404;;stalin, who led dmks state-wide protests from here on january 13, demanding that jallikattu be held this year, had attacked prime minister narendramodi on the issue, saying he had time to meet actors and others, but not aiadmk mps who wanted to discuss about holding the sport in tamil nadu.
;;0.4404;;the gujarat high court has asked the government to rework chief minister narendramodi modis proposal to set up 810 ad hoc one-year courts and judges to clear the large number of pending cases in the state,around 22 lakh,by the end of the states golden jubilee year in may 2011.
;;-0.1779;;explained loss of face for ambitious project the inability of gift city to pay the salary of ajay pandey, leading to his exit, comes as loss of face for the pet project of prime minister narendramodi that was meant to provide over 10 lakh jobs in the banking and financial services and insurance sector in gujarat.
;;0.2716;;on his part, prime minister narendramodi had put japan at the very top of his foreign policy agenda.
;;0.4019;;advertisingsatish is considered close to both prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah; he had worked with both in gujarat.
;;0.5719;;i would expect the defence cooperation engagement this year will be stepped up considerably as a result of the discussions prime minster narendramodi had with sisi as they outlined a number of steps, bhattacharya said.
;;0.0;;it will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi over live video conference, in the presence of ap chief minister n chandrababu naidu and speaker of bangladesh parliament, shirin sharmin chaudhury.
;;-0.743;;b'pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif pakistan prime minister nawaz sharifpakistan prime minister nawaz sharif on tuesday called up his indian counterpart narendramodi and assured swift action against the perpetrators of the pathankot air base attack in which seven soldiers were killed.
;;-0.872;;(source: ap)making india a major defence partner of the us in technology transfer and a priority partner in the asia-pacific, asking other countries to support indias bid for admission to the missile technology control regime and the nuclear suppliers group, and treating the pathankot terror attack with the same level of seriousness as the mumbai 26/11 terror attacks  these are some of the major outcomes of the indo-us joint statement, issued hours after prime minister narendramodi met us president barack obama on tuesday.
;;0.6597;;to quote prime minister narendramodi , yoga has evolved as a way to achieve healthy living and combines physical, mental and spiritual pursuits to achieve harmony of the body and mind.
;;0.6369;;hirani said, we have joined the bjp as we are now influenced with the party and its leaders like narendramodi and amit shah.
;;-0.1531;;this is in stark contrast with the aggressive advocacy by prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah of the governments decision in the valley.
;;0.0;;but right from chief minister nitish kumar to a state minister to prime minister narendramodi , all fell for it.
;;0.802;;chief minister o panneerselvam thanked prime minister narendramodi for immediately accepting the request made by the government of tamil nadu to release a special postage stamp on the occasion of the birth centenary celebrations of former chief minister of tamil nadu, m g ramachandran, an official release here said.
;;0.0;;06 pm: congress sought to paint narendramodi as anti-dalit on the anniversary of b r ambedkar today by citing a book written by the bjps pm candidate which had spoken of manual scavenging as a spiritual activity and said it reflected his anti-dalit mindset.
;;0.128;;22 pm: a day after murli manohar joshi said there was no modi wave in the country, the veteran leader was left red-faced as party workers erupted into slogans hailing bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi when he arrived for a function in kanpur.
;;0.7964;;37 pm: after having extended his support to bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , jana sena party chief and telugu film star pawan kalyan will campaign for the saffron party in the lok sabha elections in karnataka.
;;-0.0772;;23 pm: claiming that congress was shivering at the prospect of his taking charge, narendramodi today warned its leaders that will have to pay for their misdeeds after may 16.
;;0.6486;;10 pm: in yet another example of david beating goliath, aam aadmi party supremo arvind kejriwal has secured the highest coverage in tv news during prime time, followed by bjps narendramodi and congress rahul gandhi in early days of elections, according to a study.
;;-0.0772;;33 pm: bjp today said it wishes priyanka gandhi would have contested against narendramodi as the country now needs the myth around her also to be exploded and slammed congress as just a crowd around a family which sees no other option but her after rahul gandhi did not click4.
;;0.6486;;17 pm: days after the congress praised a b vajpayee to target narendramodi , the party did a u turn today calling the bjp veteran the weakest pm india ever had, a taunt often directed at manmohan singh by the opposition party.
;;0.7003;;08 pm: joining issue with narendramodi over criticism of his party besides ruling aiadmk, dmk chief m karunanidhi said bjp leaders comments will only earn him the wrath of people of tamil nadu but remained tight-lipped on rajnikanths praise for the gujarat chief minister.
;;0.3818;;50 pm: a day after narendramodi took him on in his home district of chikmagalur, union minister jairam ramesh wrote to the bjp leader accusing him of spreading blatant lie about his four-year-old statement made here that india deserves a nobel prize for filth.
;;0.0516;;day and night shahzada is insulting dr. ambedkar and he is even enjoying doing this: narendramodi http://t.
;;0.0;;co/fsxk4lrg1i  narendramodi_in (@narendramodi_in) april 14, 2014http://t.
;;-0.4215;;advani was unhappy with the elevation of gujarat chief minister narendramodi as head of the bjp election campaign committee which was announced at the goa conclave on june 9.
;;0.7003;;kejriwal had earlier written to prime minister narendramodi asking him not to bring any order against the supreme court ruling on neet, saying the students had welcomed the decision as it discouraged well endowed parents from making donations to get their children admitted into reputed private medical colleges.
;;-0.3875;;meanwhile,surinder singh bhullar and lachman singh brar  representing the farmers from kutch  said that they tried to meet gujarat chief minister narendramodi at rewari rally on sunday,but could not succeed.
;;0.0;;(ani)prime minister narendramodi on saturday addressed the 47th thuglak anniversary in chennai via video conference.
;;0.8481;;(express photo by ganesh shirsekar)buoyed by the success of bjp in local body elections in maharashtra, the chief minister hailed prime minister narendramodi for starting transparent politics and added they were getting positive response as all communities have voted for them.
;;-0.2263;;representational/express photo/shuaib masoodi)in a serious breach of security just two days ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit, militants attacked a guard post of a hotel in srinagar on thursday and fled with rifles.
;;-0.25;;meanwhile, separatists leaders syed ali shah geelani, mirwaiz umar farooq and yasin malik, under the banner of joint resistance leadership (jrl), have decided to march to lal chowk in srinagar to protest against prime minister narendramodi modis impending visit to the state on may 19.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi on thursday ended his month-long vivekananda yuva vikas yatra with a rally here in the presence of bjp president nitin gadkari and chhattisgarh and goa counterparts raman singh and monohar parrikar.
;;-0.6597;;as bjp president,i assure you that narendrabhai has done injustice to none in the state, he said,adding that secularism was being misconstrued in the country and that the english media was wrong in narendramodi over the issue.
;;-0.5574;;beefs up attack on congon the last leg of his vivekananda yuva vikas yatra,which began from this village in kheda district,chief minister narendramodi on thursday returned to attacking the congress-led upa government for allegedly promoting beef export.
;;-0.8316;;again,it was on this basis that jan sangharsh manch (jsm) representative and senior advocate mukul sinha,representing the riot victims,had demanded cross-examination of chief minister narendramodi and six others to probe their alleged role in the riots.
;;-0.25;;advertisingan official order, which came from the appointments committee comprising of prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah, said that rao has been appointed director general of fire services, civil defence and home guard by temporarily downgrading the post to the level of additional director general, reported news agency pti.
;;-0.8727;;pakistans permanent representative to the un ambassador maleeha lodhi told a group of students and faculty members from the us army war college last week that despite a positive start following the coming to power of the government of prime minister narendramodi , india suspended talks between the two countries on flimsy grounds and set unacceptablepre-conditions for their revival.
;;0.2023;;in october 2015, narendramodi had broken his silence on the dadri lynching to respond to mukherjees insistence that diversity, tolerance and plurality are core values binding the country together.
;;-0.7351;;hindustani classical vocalist kishori amonkar (source: express archive) hindustani classical vocalist kishori amonkar (source: express archive)prime minister narendramodi condoled the death of acclaimed hindustani classical vocalist kishori amonkar and described her demise as an irreparable loss to indian classical music.
;;-0.5267;;flagging concern over the alleged rise in mob lynching incidents against minorities, 49 eminent personalities from various fields have written an open letter to prime minister narendramodi last week, stressing that such incidents should be stopped immediately.
;;0.4939;;instead, it increased mgnrega allocation to a record level, which is surprising since prime minister narendramodi had railed against this scheme in the run-up to the 2014 election.
;;0.0;;express photo pm narendramodi and afghan president mohammad ashraf ghani.
;;-0.5267;;express photoprime minister narendramodi and visiting afghan president ashraf ghani on wednesday denounced the sponsorship of terror in the region and vowed to further deepen bilateral cooperation.
;;0.0;;students watch live telecast of pm narendramodi modis speech at kbdav school in chandigarh on friday.
;;0.3818;;this was to ensure an uninterrupted live telecast of prime minister narendramodi modis speech on teachers day.
;;0.0;;this is a satellite that prime minister narendramodi directed isro to produce three years back.
;;0.0;;so it will make little sense, at least to nepal and its people, if new delhi decides to draw red lines around chinese largesse when prime minister narendramodi and his guest sit down to talk business on saturday.
;;0.1027;;congress chief rahul gandhi thursday urged prime minister narendramodi to take immediate action against officials in the defence ministry who allegedly received kickbacks to the tune of rs 17.
;;0.128;;the scheme, to be launched on the birth anniversary of prime minister narendramodi on september 17, is aimed at raising awareness about tiger and forest conservation among children.
;;-0.0258;;in a big boost to the narendramodi government, the parliament on tuesday approved the bill that makes instant triple talaq a criminal offence.
;;0.0;;i am a minister of narendramodi government and not rajiv gandhi government, he said.
;;-0.4767;;advertising#hailing the passage of the triple talaq bill by parliament, prime minister narendramodi said that a historic wrong done to muslim women has been corrected and an archaic and medieval practice confined to the dustbin of history.
;;0.5106;;pdp leader and chief minister-designate, mehbooba mufti, has decided to repose trust in prime minister narendramodi and work towards government formation.
;;0.34;;the ministry of external affairs today played down the meeting of british high commissioner james bevan with gujarat chief minister narendramodi in ahmedabad on tuesday,saying it was a normal diplomatic contact.
;;-0.296;;earlier july, china had refused to acknowledge that chinese president xi jinping even met prime minister narendramodi during the g 20 summit in hamburg, germany as the stand off continued.
;;0.7003;;twitter.com/mzx5x8ipvz  pib india (@pib_india) 13 july 2016during the visit sports minister goel inquired about shahids well-being and conveyed prime minister narendramodi modis best wishes to the legendary forward for his speedy recovery.
;;0.4019;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi and senior bjp leader l k advani are among a host of senior party leaders scheduled to campaign in west bengal during the six-phase assembly elections starting next month.
;;-0.4588;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , dohrey said dalits and tribals across the country, especially in uttar pradesh, are being framed by police in false cases after the protests, leading to a sense of growing insecurity among them.
;;0.34;;fast track *hotels,guest houses full to capacity; local body launches cleanliness drivedwarka,a small pilgrimage town in jamnagar district,is expected to have 30,000 visitors  almost equal to its population of 33,000  on sunday when chief minister narendramodi and congress will observe a days fast,namely sadbhavana and satkarm respectively.
;;0.0;;the samajwadi party,which disowned its general secretary shahid siddiqui for publishing an interview with chief minister narendramodi in his urdu weekly nai duniya,is set to contest the forthcoming gujarat assembly elections scheduled at the end of the year.
;;0.4019;;former rajya sabha member kanaksinh mangrola,who quit the bjp 15 years ago,is set to rejoin the party with the presence of chief minister narendramodi at a public meeting in valia taluka of bharuch district on sunday.
;;0.5913;;b'union minister shashi tharoor today said wharton india economic forum should not have cancelled the invitation to gujarat chief minister narendramodi and instead students could have used the opportunity to challenge his decisions after hearing him out.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at the civil services day function in new delhi.
;;0.0;;amit mehra prime minister narendramodi at the civil services day function in new delhi.
;;-0.4767;;amit mehrain a letter to pm narendramodi , james christian michel, a uk national and an alleged middleman in the agustawestland deal, said that a budget sheet that purportedly mentions the names of congress leader ahmed patel and family of former iaf chief sp tyagi in code, as people who received bribes, may actually be fake.
;;0.7572;;amid speculation about narendramodi modis projection as bjps prime ministerial candidate,party president rajnath singh today remained non-committal on the issue but hailed the gujarat chief minister as the most popular leader in the nation.
;;0.831;;i accept this that if there is someone,who is the most popular leader in the nation,it is narendramodi whether it is the bjp cadre or common people,modi is a very popular leader among them.
;;-0.3818;;i cannot say this that the fight will be between narendramodi and rahul gandhi, the bjp president said.
;;0.5106;;ironically,president of the trust mathur savani claimed that chief minister narendramodi and many other ministers are likely to attend the programme.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with russia president vladimir putin in sochi.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@pmoindia) prime minister narendramodi with russia president vladimir putin in sochi.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@pmoindia)prime minister narendramodi arrived in sochi on monday, where he held a meeting with russian president vladimir putin, as part of an informal summit between the two nations.
;;0.0;;initiatives taken by prime minister narendramodi were the dominant theme of tableaux taken out during the annual rath yatra in ahmedabad wednesday.
;;0.0772;;anil sharmaopposition members in the lok sabha on thursday attacked prime minister narendramodi for his silence on hate crimes against indians in the us, after which union home minister rajnath singh assured them steps would be taken to ensure that indians abroad felt safe.
;;-0.4767;;when prime minister narendramodi echoed the sentiments of the people, even then congress tried to find faults with it, he said.
;;0.0;;when actor priyanka chopra met prime minister narendramodi in berlin, on the sidelines of modi meeting angela merkel, youd think the focus, if any, would be on priyankas recent achievements.
;;0.0;;when actor priyanka chopra met prime minister narendramodi in berlin, on the sidelines of modi meeting angela merkel, youd think the focus, if any, would be on priyankas recent achievements.
;;0.0;;however, a striking aspect here is the official all india radio (air) news twitter handle releasing a picture of priyanka with modi, adding, pointedly: priyanka chopra meets pm narendramodi in berlin, people find her dress not decent enough, posture disrespectful while meeting pm.
;;0.6597;;(source: express archive)former sri lankan spinner muttiah muralitharan was surprised when he got to know about his mention by indian prime minister narendramodi who mentioned him while praising the contribution of indian origin tamil community in sri lanka.
;;0.6369;;the sri lankan player also talked about indian prime minister narendramodi and revealed the fact that they love him for what he is doing.
;;0.0;;rawat said prime minister narendramodi has established india as an economic and military power in the world map in the last three years.
;;0.0;;the website is maintained by the water and sanitation ministry, the nodal ministry for prime minister narendramodi modis cleanliness mission.
;;0.0;;the gujarat high court on monday issued notices to central information commission (cic) and arvind kejriwal on a petition filed by the gujarat university against the cics earlier order asking the varsity to provide information on degrees of by prime minister narendramodi to the delhi chief minister.
;;0.4215;;kashmir is likely to be discussed when prime minister narendramodi meets united states president donald trump on the sidelines of the g7 summit on monday, american officials have said.
;;-0.9062;;related: cracks and chaos in saffron camp: bjp has its hands fullhis skipping of the meet is a throwback to the last summers events in the bjp when an angry gujarat chief minister narendramodi had threatened to boycott the partys national executive meeting at mumbai.
;;0.0;;without an invitation, you can attend a marriage, but you cannot meet him or talk to him on the issue, kharge said referring to prime minister narendramodi modis decision to visit pakistan to attend the marriage of nawaz sharifs daughter near lahore.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/manish swarup)sceptics will dismiss prime minister narendramodi modis references to balochistan and pakistan-occupied kashmir from the ramparts of red fort on monday as part of the familiar posturing in delhi when relations with islamabad hit a rough patch.
;;-0.2732;;however, highly placed sources in bjp said the party leadership, including prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah, is upset at the turn of events after muftis death on january 7.
;;0.6369;;(express photo by pradip das/files)up chief minister yogi adityanath on sunday credited the bjps historic performance in north eastern states to development-oriented policies of prime minister narendramodi and organisational skills of amit shah and said the day is not far when one party will be in power right from kashmir to kanyakumari.
;;0.4019;;the up chief minister, who had campaigned for the saffron party in these assembly elections, said prime minister narendramodi modis development oriented policies and organisational skills of bjp president amit shah led to his partys sterling performance.
;;-0.6369;;noting that kejriwal had demanded that prime minister narendramodi quit after the trial court ordered return of documents to the delhi government, javadekar said high court had rejected the aap leaders claim about the seized documents.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi said that the task force will be set up over the next few days.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi said that the task force will be set up over the next few days.
;;0.7579;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi announced at the meeting of the council of ministers on friday that task force will be set up to prepare a comprehensive action plan for effective participation of indian sports persons in the next three olympic games in 2020, 2024 and 2028 respectively.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo)the bjp on friday said that the minorities in the country have realised that prime minister narendramodi is not working for any particular community, but for all sections of society.
;;-0.09;;(pti photo)congress vice-president rahul gandhi on monday launched a dual attack on prime minister narendramodi and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, accusing the two of only making promises, but never fulfiling them.
;;0.0516;;read | kairana lok sabha bypoll result: behind rld win are jats, muslims who stepped over riot faultlines to vote togetherhe added, yogi became the cm because of prime minister narendramodi modis appeal.
;;0.7003;;bmodi in sweden live updates: prime minister narendramodi and prime minister stefan lofven (r) during a news conference after the innovation and partnership agreement been signed in the government building rosenbad in stockholm.
;;0.7003;;(reuters) modi in sweden live updates: prime minister narendramodi and prime minister stefan lofven (r) during a news conference after the innovation and partnership agreement been signed in the government building rosenbad in stockholm.
;;0.6124;;(reuters)prime minister narendramodi along with his counterparts from sweden, norway, finland, iceland and denmark today vowed to deepen cooperation between india and the nordic countries, as the leaders deliberated on key issues of security, economic growth and climate change.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in lok sabha, as the second leg of the budget session of parliament begins pic.
;;0.0;;in prime minister narendramodi modis second cabinet reshuffle, irani was moved to the textiles ministry.
;;0.2732;;swaraj said she and prime minister narendramodi visited six saarc countries, with the government strongly pursuing its neighbourhood first policy.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi , congress vice-president rahul gandhi prime minister narendramodi , congress vice-president rahul gandhiin nearly three years as mp from varanasi, narendramodi has not yet gone to the kaal bhairav mandir to pay obeisance.
;;0.2732;;the plea referred to the speech of prime minister narendramodi on november 8, 2016 and subsequent notification of rbi spelling out that people may deposit demonetised currency notes even after december 31, 2016 at specific rbi branches up to march 31, 2017 after complying with certain procedural requirements.
;;-0.1779;;after delhi university (du) refused to divulge details of prime minister narendramodi modis graduation degree in response to yet another rti application, chief minister arvind kejriwal took on bjp leaders amit shah and arun jaitley who had come out in defense of the pm.
;;0.5267;;pm narendramodi with ratan tata at the vibrant gujarat global summit 2017 in gandhinagar on tuesday.
;;0.5267;;pti photo pm narendramodi with ratan tata at the vibrant gujarat global summit 2017 in gandhinagar on tuesday.
;;0.0;;pti photopromising a paradigm shift in polity and economy, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday that india has become the sixth largest manufacturing hub of the world, and is on the threshold of becoming the worlds most digitised economy.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi will on saturday lay the foundation stone for five major works for the kutch branch canal (kbc) at a cost of rs 1,265 crore.
;;-0.6908;;express photo by prem nath pandey 02 jan 17a day after chief minister arvind kejriwal wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi over alleged shortage of coal in power plants and the capital facing a potential blackout, coal and railways minister piyush goyal said kejriwal was trying to hide his own failures in the power situation this summer.
;;0.5574;;the bjp may reckon that striking a muscular posture in kashmir may win prime minister narendramodi and the party more votes in an election in which there are several inconvenient questions  about unemployment, demonetisation, and even the enormous toll of civilian and security lives in kashmir in the last five years compared to the previous 10 years.
;;0.5267;;more than three years into his rule, prime minister narendramodi today had to be an accountant and a visionary at the same time.
;;-0.9287;;he was branded as a terrorist belonging to dawood ibrahim gang,who was out to kill gujarat chief minister narendramodi to avenge 2002 riots.
;;0.0;;riyadh: prime minister narendramodi being received by the governor of riyadh, faisal bin bandar bin abdulaziz al saud on his arrival, in royal terminal, riyadh on saturday.
;;0.0;;pti photo riyadh: prime minister narendramodi being received by the governor of riyadh, faisal bin bandar bin abdulaziz al saud on his arrival, in royal terminal, riyadh on saturday.
;;0.0;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on saturday arrived in riyadh, saudi arabia for a two-day visit, during which he will stay at the royal familys guest palace.
;;0.0;;here are the highlights:10:00 pm:riyadh(saudi arabia): prime minister narendramodi met with the l&t workers after his address pic.
;;-0.1027;;9:11 pm: your hard work draws me here: pm narendramodi addresses l&t workers in riyadh, saudi arabia9:01 pm:riyadh(saudi arabia): prime minister narendramodi at l&t workers residential complex pic.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/4pmjiisddz  ani (@ani_news) april 2, 20167:00 pm:prime minister narendramodi arrives at al masmak fortress in riyadh, saudi arabia pic.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/2pdjqfkiik  ani (@ani_news) april 2, 20164:42 pm:prime minister narendramodi arrives at al saud palace in riyadh (saudi arabia) pic.
;;0.2732;;4:14 pm: prime minister narendramodi modis saudi arabia visit to focus on trade, investment, energy, diaspora & counter-terrorism cooperation.
;;0.0;;co/7mkwvesrl4  ani (@ani_news) april 2, 20163:58 pm:pm narendramodi arrives in riyadh, received by governor of riyadh prince faisal bin bandar bin abdulaziz pic.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/17iwc8bjoa  ani (@ani_news) april 2, 20163:50 pm: pm narendramodi arrives in riyadh on his first visit to kingdom of saudi arabia.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to roll out the scheme on august 15.
;;0.7771;;bjp leader narendramodi in his recent interview had claimed that if needed he might seek support of aiadmk leader jayalalithaa, tmcs mamata banerjee and bsp national presidenti want to make it clear that bsp will not extend any kind of support to nda at any cost, mayawati told reporters.
;;0.0;;18 seats in up will go to polls on may 12 in the final phase of the elections which will decide the fate of bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , bjp leader kalraj mishra, aam admi partys arvind kejriwal and samajwadi partys mulayamsingh yadav.
;;0.4767;;alimov, a yoga enthusiast, said that he thought of organising the event when he visited the international yoga centre in delhi while on a visit to india few months ago to invite prime minister narendramodi to take part in the sco summit, which was held on june 9 and 10.
;;0.4767;;source: reuters) alimov, a yoga enthusiast, said that he thought of organising the event when he visited the international yoga centre in delhi while on a visit to india few months ago to invite prime minister narendramodi to take part in the sco summit, which was held on june 9 and 10.
;;0.4767;;alimov, a yoga enthusiast, said that he thought of organising the event when he visited the international yoga centre in delhi while on a visit to india few months ago to invite prime minister narendramodi to take part in the sco summit, which was held on june 9 and 10.
;;-0.5106;;the 1984 batch ias officer alleged he was being targeted by the narendramodi government because his younger brother kuldip sharma,a senior ips officer in the state,has unmasked many misdeeds of modi since the 2002 godhra riots.
;;-0.5106;;the petitioner happens to be the brother of kuldip sharma who has unmasked many misdeeds of narendramodi and amit shah,the ex-home minister,since the 2002 godhra riots.
;;0.0;;these rallies will conclude coinciding with prime minister narendramodi modis public address in nagpur on april 14, the birth anniversary of babasaheb ambedkar, said bhandari.
;;0.0;;b'two committees probed the godhra carnage  the u c banerjee commission set up by then railway minister lalu prasad yadav and the g t nanavati commission appointed by the narendramodi government.
;;0.0;;the banerjee report was silent on the alleged role of chief minister narendramodi and other politicians in the incident.
;;0.4019;;it gave a clean chit to chief minister narendramodi and his council of ministers in the godhra incident.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi also attended the meeting.
;;-0.296;;this is the reason why we are seeing prime minister narendramodi humiliating former prime minister manmohan singh.
;;-0.4939;;(source: express photo by anand singh)indias $3 billion plan to clean the holy ganges river is badly behind schedule with large stretches contaminated by toxic waste and sewage, forcing prime minister narendramodi to intervene, according to government officials and documents seen by reuters.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi says that farmers are getting irrigation and electricity facilities, but they are getting power for only four to six hours that too when they go to sleep.
;;0.9081;;referring to prime minister narendramodi modis strong commitment to enhance the situation of girls and women, sewall added, there are so many ways in which we can share the lessons we are learning in the us on questions of policing and criminal justice and how to improve protection for victims and ways we can learn from the experience that is currently really accelerating this is another way in which both of our nations can strengthen each other by engaging in a close dialogue.
;;0.0;;(express photo by pradip das/file)uttar pradesh has given the go-ahead to prime minister narendramodi modis one nation, one poll idea for simultaneous state and national elections and offered suggestions for its implementation.
;;0.5574;;riding a wave that swept aside a formidable opposition alliance in uttar pradesh and breached a fortress in west bengal, the bharatiya janata party, under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , returned to power thursday for a second straight term with a record tally expected to cross 300 seats.
;;0.6908;;later,talking to reporters on the sidelines of the function,sarabhai said gujarat chief minister narendramodi has gained popularity among the techno-friendly youths because he knows how to use the social media.
;;0.0;;it should be revealed to the public why adani group is preferred by chandy and prime minister narendramodi alike, said vijayan.
;;0.6908;;ncp is known to be close to the bjp, with pawar sharing a good equation with prime minister narendramodi and other bjp leaders, including nitin gadkari.
;;-0.0516;;weeks after holding discussion with prime minister narendramodi , us president donald trump tuesday raked up the issue of tariff imposed by india on american products, saying it is no longer acceptable.
;;0.5423;;during her visit to india, she will meet chief of air staff marshal arup raha and defence secretary g mohan kumar and will also discuss with her indian counterparts proposals to co-produce aircrafts in india in line with prime minister narendramodi modis ambitious make in india campaign.
;;-0.2144;;since narendramodi became prime minister, there have been no major scandals at the top, but bribery and corruption continue to thrive lower down the line, and go all the way down to what we like to call the grassroots.
;;-0.25;;(file)expressing deep disappointment over the bharatiya janata partys decision to elect their firebrand leader yogi adityanaths as chief minister of uttar pradesh, muslim cleric maulana mohammad sajid rashidi questioned the saffron party that how can a man with a history of propagating divisive agenda lead prime minister narendramodi modis development plans for the state.
;;-0.7869;;citing adityanaths recent hate speeches against muslims, the maulana further said that at least 13 percent of muslims voted for the bjp in the state assembly polls believing in prime minister narendramodi modis development agenda for uttar pradesh, but now they are deeply disappointed with latters selection.
;;0.0;;union minister venkaiah naidu said the oath taking ceremony would take place at 2:15 pm on sunday in uttar pradesh in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;-0.6908;;a goan youth who had allegedly posted comments against prime minister designate narendramodi on his facebook account during the lok sabha election campaign, is likely to face arrest after a local court rejected his anticipatory bail plea here on friday.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newsbanerjee said prime minister narendramodi had stated that things would be set right in 50 days after old rs 1000 and rs 500 currency notes were withdrawn from circulation.
;;0.0;;later, they met prime minister narendramodi and apprised him of their decisions.
;;0.7906;;in order to give a heros welcome to its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , who will reach the capital on saturday, the delhi unit of the bjp is busy turning around slogans used during campaigning to popularise modi.
;;-0.1779;;b'attorney general lorreta lynch, right, and prime minister narendramodi shake hands during a ceremony marking the repatriation of over 200 artifacts to the indian government, at blair house in washington, monday, june 6, 2016.
;;-0.1779;;(ap photo/cliff owen) attorney general lorreta lynch, right, and prime minister narendramodi shake hands during a ceremony marking the repatriation of over 200 artifacts to the indian government, at blair house in washington, monday, june 6, 2016.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/cliff owen)the us today returned over 200 cultural artifacts estimated at $100 million to india at a ceremony, attended by prime minister narendramodi , at washington dc.
;;-0.4215;;(file photo)the congress on saturday said that prime minister narendramodi is worried because of the way demonetisation has affected the country.
;;0.0;;read morebudget must be presented after assembly elections: akhilesh yadav writes in letter to pm modiuttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav on friday sent a letter to prime minister narendramodi requesting that the budget be presented after the assembly elections.
;;0.2984;;pti photothat silvery, almost spectral, vision of prime minister narendramodi promising a new india, beamed live on television screens and circulating endlessly on social media, defined not just the personalised nature of the bjp campaign, but its highly mediatised nature.
;;0.0;;read more heremarch 12pm narendramodi likely to address 10 rallies from march-endthe state bjp announced on saturday that prime minister narendramodi was likely to address at least 10 public meetings across west bengal towards the end of this month for election campaign.
;;0.0;;read more herebjps bengal push: less of modi, softer hindutvathe west bengal assembly elections will not see as much of prime minister narendramodi as the bihar polls did.
;;-0.5207;;watch video: whats making newsaccording to sources present at a meeting last week, prime minister narendramodi told the health ministry that it was not acceptable that projects announced in 2014-15 were still hanging fire, and all steps should be taken to expedite work on them.
;;-0.4215;;in letters to prime minister narendramodi and tamil nadu governor ch vidyasagar rao, she said, it is condemnable to nominate or invite sasikala natarajan to be a chief minister of tamil nadu due to her criminal background.
;;-0.8481;;prime minister narendramodi modis government is under pressure from parts of its own rank-and-file, from inflamed public opinion, and from sections of the military, to authorise the retaliation it has long vowed against cross-border terrorism.
;;-0.8625;;first up, by all accounts, the uri strike was not, as prime minister narendramodi described it on september 18, a cowardly terror attack.
;;-0.25;;(express photo: anand singh)hundreds of local residents blocked two trains to prevent authorities from sealing a manned railway crossing in manduadih on tuesday, a day after prime minister narendramodi inaugurated a rail overbridge in the area.
;;0.0;;setting up gters was the first decision chief minister narendramodi took after shifting to the new office building,swarnim sankalp-1,in gandhingar on monday.
;;0.0;;pdp wont tie up with bjpthe document begins with a quote from prime minister narendramodi , followed by one from pdp patron mufti mohamamd sayeed, along with photographs of the two.
;;0.34;;dmrc principal advisor e sreedharan, who played a pivotal role in setting up the metro network in delhi as its first managing director, has written to prime minister narendramodi , opposing the fare waiver decision, saying the governments will not be able to subsidise the scheme in the future with rising fares and expanding network.
;;0.5106;;sources said significant decisions like appointment of the new team of central office-bearers and elevation of gujarat chief minister narendramodi and his madhya pradesh counterpart shivraj singh chouhan to the central parliamentary board are likely to take place after the conclave.
;;0.93;;noting that the bjp got the support of people who favoured the pro-poor policies of prime minister narendramodi , the minister for social justice said i have full confidence that chief minister yogi adityanath will fulfil the promises made by modiji.
;;0.0;;modi cabinet reshuffle: prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee with the newly inducted ministers.
;;0.0;;(photo: ani) modi cabinet reshuffle: prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee with the newly inducted ministers.
;;0.0;;(photo: ani)after months of speculation, prime minister narendramodi today inducted new ministers in his cabinet at a ceremony held at the rashtrapati bhavan.
;;0.0;;the narendramodi government was expected to bring in nineteen new faces, along with a minor reshuffle in the existing council.
;;-0.0772;;b'prime minister narendramodi meeting the leadership in doha, qatar (source:pti) prime minister narendramodi meeting the leadership in doha, qatar (source:pti)vowing to root out corruption in india, prime minister narendramodi sunday said he has faced problems by depriving the sweets of many and saved over rs 36,000 crore annually by stopping leakage and theft in government schemes.
;;0.5334;;(source: pti)india might be medal-less in the ongoing olympics so far, but prime minister narendramodi said the athletes competing in rio should not get disheartened as victory and setbacks are all a part of life.
;;0.4019;;known for taking a stand on party and other issues, shanta kumar on saturday dashed off a strong-worded letter to prime minister narendramodi suggesting that the match should not be allowed at dharamshala, headquarter of kangra district  a home to hundreds of valiant jawans, martyrs and ex-servicemen.
;;0.9081;;during the programme, supriyo said prime minister narendramodi has asked union ministers, mps and party workers to highlight the contribution of unsung heroes, freedom fighters and martyrs among school children during the fortnight-long celebration yaad karo qurbani, an official statement informed on saturday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday unveiled a plaque to dedicate to nation the cable-stayed (extradosed) bridge which is the longest (1.
;;-0.4939;;he alleged the narendramodi government delayed the construction of the bridge by six months to derive a political mileage out of the project, causing hardship to public.
;;0.4927;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi and paytm founder vijay shekhar sharma were the only two indians to make it to an annual list of 100 most influential people in the world this year released by the time magazine on thursday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has repeatedly talked about the goal of making india a usd 5 trillion economy in the next five years.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit vadodara wednesday,where he will inaugurate a host of new facilities by the vadodara municipal corporation (vmc),including two flyovers,a call centre and a training institute,which together involve an investment of rs 71 crore.
;;-0.34;;blaming prime minister narendramodi and the delhi police for the alleged manhandling of the chief minister at the hands of women protesters of the bjp, the aam aadmi party said the law enforcement agency was a mute spectator during the pre-planned episode.
;;-0.3182;;rajasthan chief minister ashok gehlot on monday said that prime minister narendramodi has commented on the alwar gangrape without having proper information about the case, and termed the pms remarks as political accusations.
;;0.0;;as their in-house paper saamana has been slamming bjp and its central leaders including prime minister narendramodi and others regularly.
;;-0.34;;singh had courted controversy before 2014 polls by saying that critics of then pm candidate narendramodi should leave india and go to pakistan.
;;-0.9231;;thus, water could become a weapon of war  a fear that has grown since prime minister narendramodi warned that blood and water cannot flow in the same direction after the uri attacks.
;;0.0;;german chancellor angela merkel, centre and indian prime minister narendramodi , walk through the garden of the government guest house meseberg palace, during a meeting in meseberg, about 70 kilometers (43 miles) north on berlin, monday, may 29, 2017.
;;0.0;;ap/pti german chancellor angela merkel, centre and indian prime minister narendramodi , walk through the garden of the government guest house meseberg palace, during a meeting in meseberg, about 70 kilometers (43 miles) north on berlin, monday, may 29, 2017.
;;0.296;;ap/ptiprime minister narendramodi , who reached germany on monday as part of his four-nation european tour, met with german chancellor angela merkel at the official retreat for chancellor merkel, schloss meseberg, 80 km northwest of berlin.
;;0.0;;#watch prime minister narendramodi interacts with german chancellor angela merkel at schloss meseberg, germany pic.
;;-0.2732;;reach office on time and avoid working from home to set an example for others  these were some of the instructions prime minister narendramodi gave to the council of ministers on wednesday.
;;-0.34;;(source: pti)congress on saturday took a dig at prime minister narendramodi over the issue of his educational qualification saying his government was a habitual offender on the matter.
;;0.5106;;earlier this month, swamy had written to prime minister narendramodi raising strong objection to the majority stake for private entities in gstn to manage and control accounting and collection of gst.
;;-0.5994;;he subsequently resigned from his position in prime minister narendramodi modis government and filed a defamation lawsuit against ramani alone.
;;0.0;;amid the trump administrations move to curb h1b visas that will impact india, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday pressed the us to have a balanced and farsighted perspective on the movement of skilled professionals.
;;0.0;;(representational image) amid the trump administrations move to curb h1b visas that will impact india, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday pressed the us to have a balanced and farsighted perspective on the movement of skilled professionals.
;;0.0;;(representational image)amid the trump administrations move to curb h1b visas that will impact india, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday pressed the us to have a balanced and farsighted perspective on the movement of skilled professionals.
;;-0.7506;;read: pm narendramodi condemns the attack, says thoughts with families of the killed7.
;;0.4019;;people seem to doubt whether the focus of the yatra is actually the kisan (farmer), because a majority of rahuls speeches have been about prime minister narendramodi , with the issues of farmers being a subtext at best.
;;0.0;;b'i will talk to prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj on the issue, vijayan said in the state assembly.
;;0.0;;(source: file) i will talk to prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj on the issue, vijayan said in the state assembly.
;;0.0;;i will talk to prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj on the issue, vijayan said in the state assembly.
;;-0.0258;;b'former congress chief sonia gandhi giving speech at the 84th congress plenary session (source: inc) former congress chief sonia gandhi giving speech at the 84th congress plenary session (source: inc)given a standing ovation at perhaps her last address to a congress plenary session, sonia gandhi on saturday took on prime minister narendramodi , calling his government arrogant and accusing it of dramebaazi.
;;0.5719;;finally, enthusiasts trilled, the muscular china diplomacy prime minister narendramodi had promised was in play  handing long-overdue payback to china for blocking delhis efforts to have jaish-e-muhammad chief masood azhar sanctioned by the un.
;;-0.743;;(file photo)congress today accused prime minister narendramodi of making womens security a poll issue in up while ignoring it in bjp-ruled states, and demanded a high court-monitored judicial probe into the naliya sex scandal in gujarat.
;;0.1282;;modi government has completed half its term but womens security situation in gujarat, the home state of pm narendramodi , has become so unfortunate that women there need to be saved from the bjp leaders themselves, she said.
;;0.4939;;(source: pti)accusing prime minister narendramodi of pitting people against each other, congress vice president rahul gandhi om wednesday said it was happening in kashmir, which he claimed was peaceful during the previous congress tenure.
;;0.6369;;the one thing that narendramodi knows the best is how to pit one person against the other.
;;0.4019;;when asked if the party was going to take any disciplinary action against keshubhai for his recent crusade against chief minister narendramodi and the state government,faldu said,we will not say anything uncharitable against him.
;;0.0;;this is the essence of what is known as the barelvi school of thought, advocated so eloquently and powerfully by prime minister narendramodi at the international conference this month.
;;0.0;;pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif arrives in delhi on monday to attend pm narendramodi modis swearing-in ceremony.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by prem nath pandey)as heads of state from saarc nations descended on the capital to attend prime minister narendramodi modis swearing-in ceremony on monday, luxury hotels turned fortresses as they rolled out the red carpets.
;;0.3612;;last year,we had also made an additional allocation of rs 150 crore for gujarat, said solanki,indirectly hitting out at chief minister narendramodi modis public statements,accusing the upa government of showing step-motherly attitude towards states like gujarat by not providing enough funds for projects.
;;0.128;;(oinam anand)a year after prime minister narendramodi launched the swachh bharat drive in the heart of the capital, the campaign seems to have taken a backseat.
;;0.296;;however, getting three-fourths of the seats now, 325 in 403 and retaining the same vote share, approximately 42 per cent in 2014, and nearly 40 per cent in 2017, after almost three years of prime minister narendramodi modis administration at the centre, is phenomenal.
;;0.7351;;first and foremost, this shows the profound connect which prime minister narendramodi has with the people of india, who are willing to trust even the hardest decisions taken by him as beneficial for the country and the common citizen.
;;0.8633;;coupled with this promising delivery was narendramodi modis leadership signifying courage and a strong conviction for a corruption-free india.
;;0.7964;;(representational photo)a senior bjp leader in meghalaya, who had announced a beef party in his hometown to celebrate prime minister narendramodi modis three years in office, has resigned from the party.
;;0.5267;;advertisingthe meeting between jaishankar and pompeo will set the tone for the g-20 summit at osaka friday, when prime minister narendramodi will meet us president donald trump for the first time since winning a second term.
;;-0.4215;;as chief minister narendramodi took his first sip of lime juice to break his three-day fast on monday,a group of musicians broke into mahatma gandhis song vaishnav jan to aene kahiye,the same song that had marked the start of modis sadbhavna mission programme three days back.
;;0.4588;;b'gangtok: prime minister narendramodi being given a traditional welcome on his arrival in gangtok on monday.
;;0.4588;;(source: pti) gangtok: prime minister narendramodi being given a traditional welcome on his arrival in gangtok on monday.
;;0.0;;this is what prime minister narendramodi said here today while addressing a conference of agriculture ministers of states here.
;;0.0;;(source: ani)prime minister narendramodi on thursday took his place alongside other world leaders at madame tussauds in london.
;;0.5719;;chief minister devendra fadnavis met prime minister narendramodi on tuesday and apprised him about the political developments and the electoral success the bjp got in the ten municipal corporations, 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis across maharashtra.
;;0.0;;b'the photo appeared in the november 4, 2015, edition of the mathrubhumi the photo appeared in the november 4, 2015, edition of the mathrubhumione of the children in the photograph that prime minister narendramodi referred to while suggesting that the situation of scheduled tribe (st) children in kerala was more khatarnaak (dangerous) than in somalia, reportedly revealed in a video that women working at the garbage yard had offered them bananas before the picture was taken.
;;0.3182;;the upa government pioneered the idea and steadfastly supported it, notwithstanding the opposition of then gujarat chief minister narendramodi or the 2011 standing committee led by yashwant sinha.
;;-0.3612;;b'prime minister narendramodi strikes a yoga posture at capitol complex in chandigarh.
;;-0.3612;;(express photo: kamleshwar singh) prime minister narendramodi strikes a yoga posture at capitol complex in chandigarh.
;;-0.3818;;(express photo: kamleshwar singh)prime minister narendramodi , who led international yoga day celebrations tuesday, called for using yoga to fight diabetes.
;;-0.6808;;prime minister narendramodi recently asked kashmiri youth to choose between tourism or terrorism.
;;0.5106;;it was also decided that the associations executive body would meet prime minister narendramodi and law minister ravi shankar prasad to communicate the duress officers are under if honest decisions are construed as mala fide, sources present at the meeting said.
;;0.6908;;at an all-party meeting called on sunday, prime minister narendramodi hoped for meaningful discussions saying important bills, including the gst, will be taken up during the monsoon session.
;;0.0;;48 am: pm modi to introduce new ministersprime minister narendramodi is introducing newly-appointed ministers to his cabinet and council of ministers.
;;0.0;;javadekar, however, has been a ministers in the narendramodi government.
;;0.0;;14 am: pm narendramodi modis new ministersprime minister narendramodi introduced to lok sabha, the new ministers in his cabinet.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi introduces ministers newly inducted in his cabinet, to the lok sabha #monsoonsession pic.
;;0.0;;10 am: lok sabha adjourns for the daylok sabha adjourned for the day after prime minister narendramodi introduced his new ministers.
;;0.0;;25 am: pm modi arrives at parliament houseprime minister narendramodi has arrived at parliament.
;;0.2732;;us president donald trump may travel to houston, the energy capital of the world, for a meeting with prime minister narendramodi on september 22, the sunday express has learnt.
;;0.6486;;(express photo by amit mehra)external affairs minister sushma swaraj will visit israel and palestine on january 17-18 to strengthen indias engagement with the two countries and to pave the way for prime minister narendramodi modis visit later this year.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi may also pay a return visit to tel aviv.
;;0.6249;;(file photo)after securing a landslide victory in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, pm narendramodi on monday extended holi greetings to the people of the country.
;;-0.802;;congress general secretary digvijaya singh congress general secretary digvijaya singhaccusing the ruling bjp of indulging in chest-thumping over the armys surgical strikes on terrorist launch pads across the line of control (loc), congress leader digvijaya singh on sunday called prime minister narendramodi a war-monger.
;;-0.872;;(pti photo)the suspicion over sabotage as a possible reason for the spate of recent train derailments has gained currency with prime minister narendramodi stating the kanpur train accident was a conspiracy.
;;-0.5789;;a bjp mla on monday alleged that two ruling biju janata dal leaders are involved in hiding the grandson of a freedom fighter, who is missing for more than a week after attending a programme of prime minister narendramodi , but the bjd rejected the allegations.
;;-0.296;;babuli, the grandson of ina captain laxmi indira panda was missing since april 16 after prime minister narendramodi felicitated his father and mother at a function in raj bhavan on april 16.
;;-0.9186;;responding to prime minister narendramodi modis recent statement on action against militancy for starting talks, he claimed that no nation has done more than pakistan to defeat the menace of terrorism.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with his vietnamese counterpart nguyen xuan phuc during his ceremonial reception at the presidential palace in hanoi, vietnam on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with his vietnamese counterpart nguyen xuan phuc during his ceremonial reception at the presidential palace in hanoi, vietnam on saturday.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi , who held wide-ranging talks with his vietnamese counterpart nguyen xuan phuc here, said the two countries have decided to elevate their strategic ties to a comprehensive strategic partnership to provide it a new momentum.
;;0.0;;the commander of the pandavas will be prime minister narendramodi , who will be donning the role of arjun, while the kauravas will be led by the congress.
;;-0.8885;;men and women who despise narendramodi came forward to praise him for not listening to hawks (like your columnist) and for changing the narrative of war to one in which the fight in both india and the islamic republic next door would be against poverty, illiteracy and disease.
;;0.7964;;later,in a grand function in march,both radadia and jayesh along with scores of co-operative sector leaders from saurashta were welcomed by gujarat chief minister narendramodi to bjp,the party which had laid the initial foundation of his political career.
;;-0.6597;;the project is known to have been pushed by prime minister narendramodi who last year had set a deadline for the ministry to come up with a screening framework for cancer.
;;0.7684;;but the party has not declared candidates for the seats of varanasi and lucknow which fall in the lok sabha constituency of prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh respectively.
;;0.4019;;b'prime minister narendramodi touched upon the issues of minimum support price (msp) for farmers and his governments aim towards affordable and accessible healthcare.
;;0.4019;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi touched upon the issues of minimum support price (msp) for farmers and his governments aim towards affordable and accessible healthcare.
;;0.4019;;(file photo)in his monthly mann ki baat address to the nation on sunday, prime minister narendramodi touched upon the issues of minimum support price (msp) for farmers and his governments aim towards affordable and accessible healthcare.
;;-0.5574;;advertisingsources said, the action was in line with prime minister narendramodi modis address to the nation from the ramparts of red fort when he said some black sheep in the tax administration may have misused their powers and harassed taxpayers, either by targeting honest assesses or by taking excessive action for minor or procedural violations.
;;0.4939;;india and russia yesterday signed an agreement for the two new reactors for the kudankulam nuclear power plant (knpp) on the sidelines of the annual summit between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.128;;at a joint teleconference in october 2016 with narendramodi we launched the construction of the plants third and fourth units.
;;0.0;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , jaiprakash dandegaonkar, president of the maharashtra state cooperative sugar factories federation, has pointed out that this year the sugar sector is expected to see a reduction of 30-40 crore litres of ethanol due to the ongoing cane paucity.
;;0.0;;the state government offers rs 5 lakh as subsidy to filmmakers making gujarati movies,but they have to submit four celluloid prints of the movie to the information department headed by chief minister narendramodi to claim the subsidy.
;;0.3612;;recently,the narendramodi government had promised the hindi film industry to make available land to build studios and single-window permission for film shooting.
;;0.6696;;throwing a challenge to prime minister narendramodi , the congress leader said, let me throw a simple challenge to the government, please guarantee to me that next time i go to a tehsildar he will not ask bribe from me.
;;0.7506;;(source: pib/file)a day before his scheduled visit to russia, prime minister narendramodi on sunday expressed his hopes for a positive outcome from the bilateral talks with russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0258;;@kremlinrussia_e @putinrf_eng  narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 20, 2018the focus of the informal summit in the russian city of sochi on monday will be on pressing global and regional issues, including the outcome of the us withdrawal from the iran nuclear deal.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with others cabinet ministers.
;;0.0;;(express photo prem nath pandey) prime minister narendramodi with others cabinet ministers.
;;-0.7003;;a day before prime minister narendramodi modis visit to odisha, chief minister naveen patnaik on friday accused the bjp of shedding crocodile tears on the mahanadi water dispute while addressing a massive public meeting on mahanadi suraksha, organised by the ruling biju janata dal (bjd) in jagatsinghpur district.
;;0.8116;;(file)the government has been working to free the housing sector of corruption and middlemen to ensure people get their own houses without facing troubles, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday.
;;0.0516;;b'prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)as the narendramodi government completes two years in a few days time, it could well be asked: has it been two years since the bjp stopped campaigning and started governing  really?
;;0.2023;;oza also accused the narendramodi government, which is celebrating its third anniversary, of having failed to fulfil all its promises.
;;-0.4019;;leaders of left parties and dalit outfits on friday attacked the nda government, claiming a rise in cases of atrocities against community members even as they questioned prime minister narendramodi over his dispensations alleged inaction against cow protection groups.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi unveils the logo of make in india initiative in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi/file) prime minister narendramodi unveils the logo of make in india initiative in new delhi.
;;0.7717;;pti phototwenty-five children, between the ages of 8 and 17, will receive the national bravery award from prime minister narendramodi on january 23.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo)lucknow  the city of nawabs  is likely to host the main event of the international day of yoga (idy) celebrations in which prime minister narendramodi may also participate.
;;0.4215;;the united nations general assembly, heeding to a call by prime minister narendramodi , had made a declaration in december 2014 to observe june 21 as idy every year.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister of punjab prakash singh badal had urged prime minister narendramodi to review such cases.
;;0.0;;(file) chief minister of punjab prakash singh badal had urged prime minister narendramodi to review such cases.
;;0.0;;punjab chief minister parkash singh badal had urged prime minister narendramodi after he assumed office in 2014 to direct the home ministry to evolve a mechanism for a regular review of all such cases.
;;-0.34;;pitching for a temple only at the disputed ayodhya site of demolished babri mosque, vhp chief pravin togadia continued to train his guns on prime minister narendramodi on among many issues besides the ram temple.
;;0.6249;;the supreme court-appointed special investigation team (sit) on monday opposed sharing its final report on the probe into allegations of chief minister narendramodi modis involvement in 2002 riots with anyone,including complainant zakia jafri,at this juncture.
;;-0.0258;;(file photo)aap convenor arvind kejriwal today asked prime minister narendramodi to unearth the ill-gotten wealth of the badals in two-months time, failing which aap would do so after forming the government in punjab.
;;0.0;;b'jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti called on prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(file photo) jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti called on prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.34;;(file photo)jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti called on prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on wednesday to apprise him of the overall situation in the state and stressed the need to de-escalate the situation along the border.
;;0.0;;b'russian president vladimir putin, right, and indian prime minister narendramodi attend a meeting with russian and indian officials and businessmen in the kremlin in moscow.
;;0.0;;(source: ap) russian president vladimir putin, right, and indian prime minister narendramodi attend a meeting with russian and indian officials and businessmen in the kremlin in moscow.
;;0.17;;that india-russia engagement since narendramodi assumed power has been fitful isnt true.
;;0.0;;is this going to address what prime minister narendramodi talked about  the new aspirational class, which goes to colleges and gets degrees?
;;-0.25;;at the fag end of hearing, gonsalves said that prime minister narendramodi had recently said in a conference that forest cover in india has increased by one million hectare in last four-five years.
;;-0.0516;;amar singh amar singhexpelled samajwadi party leader amar singh on thursday disapproved of attacks against prime minister narendramodi by chief minister akhilesh yadav and other leaders during up electioneering.
;;-0.7351;;a poster of modi, shah and varun gandhi in allahabad a poster of modi, shah and varun gandhi in allahabadthe congress on monday approached the election commission asking it to order the removal of hoardings with prime minister narendramodi modis photographs at petrol pumps in the five poll-bound states, arguing that such advertisements are in violation of the model code of conduct.
;;0.4215;;pti photoas swach bharat mission is completing its two years, prime minister narendramodi will review the progress of the sbm across the country.
;;0.0;;the conference is scheduled on september 30, and will be inaugurated by the prime minister narendramodi , according to a letter send to the states by the mdws.
;;-0.0772;;after calling off seat-sharing talks with the bjp, the senas partner for close to two decades in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation, thackeray has been attacking prime minister narendramodi and the bjp-led central government at every rally of the party ahead of the mumbai civic polls.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at the inaugural session of uttar pradesh investors summit at igp in lucknow on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by vishal srivastav) prime minister narendramodi at the inaugural session of uttar pradesh investors summit at igp in lucknow on wednesday.
;;0.1027;;(express photo by vishal srivastav)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday announced a defence industrial corridor in the bundelkhand region of uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi along with uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath at the uttar pradesh investors summit at igp in lucknow on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by vishal srivastav) prime minister narendramodi along with uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath at the uttar pradesh investors summit at igp in lucknow on wednesday.
;;0.7783;;bjd mp tathagata satpathy bjd mp tathagata satpathywhen bjd mp tathagata satpathy approached prime minister narendramodi after he finished his speech in the lok sabha targeting the congress, bjp mps who queued up before the pm to congratulate him thought he would praise the pm.
;;-0.5719;;new oneafter prime minister narendramodi recently coined the acronym scam, it was the turn of his cabinet colleague m venkaiah naidu to come up with another one.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi is keenly watching the developments in the poll-bound maharashtra.
;;-0.0258;;with the supreme court directing the monitoring authority headed by its former judge to file its report on fake encounters in gujarat within three months,the congress today said chief minister narendramodi should have resigned by now in the wake of several strictures,observations and inquiries against his government on diverse matters.
;;0.3182;;he even held a meeting with prime minister narendramodi , urging him to facilitate talks with haryana for an early solution.
;;0.4939;;the delhi bjp chief said prime minister narendramodi should be thanked for taking pollution as a challenge and taking various steps towards bringing down the pollution levels.
;;0.3818;;b'i was among those who hoped when narendramodi became prime minister that there would be deep parivartan in the form of a new education policy.
;;0.3818;;this is sadly still a work in progress, writes tavleen singh i was among those who hoped when narendramodi became prime minister that there would be deep parivartan in the form of a new education policy.
;;0.3818;;so i was among those who hoped when narendramodi became prime minister that there would be deep parivartan in the form of a new education policy.
;;0.0;;b'jamnagar: prime minister narendramodi at aji-3 dam site of the project, in jamnagar district, gujarat on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(source : pti photo) jamnagar: prime minister narendramodi at aji-3 dam site of the project, in jamnagar district, gujarat on tuesday.
;;0.4215;;(source : pti photo)the alertness of prime minister narendramodi during the inauguration of a water project near here on tuesday saved the lives of several cameramen and photographers, deputy chief minister of gujarat nitin patel informed.
;;0.0;;recently, the airport authorities had floated a tender, two years after the new terminal of the airport was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in september 2015.
;;0.0;;oli will be on a three-day visit to india from april 6 during which he would hold talks with prime minister narendramodi and call on president ram nath kovind and vice president m venkaiah naidu.
;;-0.4767;;(photo source: express archive/file )terming the developments at the nsg meet in seoul as an embarrassment to india, congress on friday said prime minister narendramodi needs to realise that diplomacy needs depth and seriousness and not public tamasha.
;;-0.0516;;its high time that prime minister narendramodi realises that diplomacy requires gravitas, depth and seriousness.
;;0.0772;;ahead of the meeting, india had pushed its case with a number of countries, with prime minister narendramodi leading the charge.
;;0.7003;;yediyurappa was in delhi over the last two days and returned to bengaluru sunday after consultations with party president and union home minister amit shah on an impending cabinet expansion on august 20, and with prime minister narendramodi on flood relief measures.
;;0.4019;;i feel that if all political parties in the country come together before 2019 lok sabha polls, then prime minister narendramodi will not become the pm of the country for the second time.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi said he would lessen the suffering of farmers.
;;0.4939;;she praised prime minister narendramodi instead of manmohan singh in an interview a few months back, pandey told the indian express.
;;0.0;;according to gadkari, prime minister narendramodi will lay the foundation stone of the project and land.
;;-0.2263;;dalit and womens rights groups from among the indian diaspora have planned protests during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to britain.
;;-0.9732;;the protests represent the anger of a lot of indians living in britain who are unhappy about the way narendramodi has turned indian into a republic of fear, with these horrific incidents of rapes, mob-lynching of muslims, and attacks on dalits.
;;-0.1027;;b'prime minister narendramodi exhorted people to toil hard for water conservation after inaugurating a pumping station on kutch branch canal and releasing water towards the tappar dam of kutch on monday.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah, home minister rajnath singh during the bjp parliamentary party meeting at parliament house in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.4019;;(source: pti photo) new delhi: prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah, home minister rajnath singh during the bjp parliamentary party meeting at parliament house in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.296;;sources said no one had any idea about the choices as both shah and pm narendramodi would have the last word on the issue.
;;0.4019;;naidu also mentioned that a delegation of all party mps had met prime minister narendramodi and requested him for constitutional powers for the backward classes commission.
;;0.4019;;he also said that regular interactions between prime minister narendramodi and abe put the special strategic and global partnership between india-japan on a higher pedestal.
;;0.3182;;advertisingprime minister narendramodi had visited south korea in february during which both the countries decided to strengthen strategic ties.
;;0.0352;;the army station headquarters in ahmedabad has written to chief minister narendramodi seeking to quash a government notification that allows a road and a bridge over the sabarmati river in the city that would partly pass over defence land.
;;0.4404;;last week, prime minister pushpa kamal dahal, better known as prachanda, met with prime minister narendramodi on his first overseas visit after taking office.
;;0.8689;;now, prime minister narendramodi has returned the compliment, calling his counterpart a catalytic force of peace, who would successfully implement the constitution through inclusive dialogue accomodating the aspirations of all sections of your diverse society.
;;0.6908;;interestingly, at the beginning of the year, prime minister narendramodi had declared that under the maternity benefit scheme, a sum of rs. 6,000 would be given to women across the country who were pregnant and lactating.
;;0.0;;further explaining his stand against demonetisation, the former union minister said, 80 per cent transactions in germany and austria is cash-based, in australia it is 60 per cent, canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent, and prime minister narendramodi says india will go 100 per cent cashless.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi promised nearly five years ago to open india for business.
;;0.0;;the decision to approve the arun-iii project was taken at a meeting of the cabinet committee on economic affairs headed by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , tennis icon sania mirza and actor priyanka chopra are also among the probable contenders named by the magazine for its annual list.
;;0.25;;the indian side highlighted new delhis vision for the indo-pacific region as outlined in prime minister narendramodi modis keynote address at shangri-la dialogue, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
;;0.0;;b'union minister nitin gadkari union minister nitin gadkariprime minister narendramodi modis famous slogan of acche din had originally been coined by his predecessor manmohan singh but has now become the millstone around the nda governments neck, union minister nitin gadkari said tuesday.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at the red fort on the 70th independence day in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(express photo by renuka puri) prime minister narendramodi at the red fort on the 70th independence day in new delhi.
;;-0.7717;;(express photo by renuka puri)seven years after an india-pakistan joint statement mentioned balochistan and led to an outcry over the then upa governments pakistan strategy, prime minister narendramodi put it back on the agenda monday, bringing it up in his independence day address to corner pakistan on human rights violations in its own backyard.
;;0.8834;;malik had won a silver medal in the womens shot put event at the paralympics and was felicitated by prime minister narendramodi at a function held at gurugram in november last year with a cash award of rs 4 crore.
;;0.7096;;prime minister narendramodi took to twitter to congratulate isro: the launch of #chandrayaan2 illustrates the prowess of our scientists and the determination of 130 crore indians to scale new frontiers of science.
;;0.4173;;prime minister narendramodi , who is more than eager to serenade visiting leaders in his home state, gujarat, did not travel to ahmedabad to be with trudeau on monday.
;;0.0;;recep tayyip erdogan and narendramodi in new delhi.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi is likely to visit china by the end of this year on an invitation from the chinese ambassador to india zhang yan,who was in gandhinagar last month.
;;0.4767;;watch video: indias surgical strike: beyond what the govt saidwe congratulate indian army, prime minister narendramodi and defence minister for (taking) such a major step, he said.
;;-0.9423;;watch video: night after surgical strikes: pm narendramodi to review situationin a first, india carried out surgical strikes on seven terror launch pads across the loc with the army inflicting significant casualties on terrorists preparing to infiltrate from pok, days after prime minister narendramodi warned uri attack would not go unpunished.
;;-0.5423;;a day after west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee invited prime minister narendramodi to inaugurate the birbhum coal block, rajya sabha mp swapan dasgupta on thursday urged him not to inaugurate it unless proper environmental clearances are received and a rehabilitation package is given to the affected people.
;;-0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiwith the twelfth five-year plan having ended on march 31, and no replacement for the countrys development strategy in place so far, the niti aayogs governing council, headed by prime minister narendramodi , is expected to meet within a fortnight to discuss the three-year action plan prepared by the centres think-tank.
;;0.0;;the message has been conveyed to iran even as prime minister narendramodi is likely to visit the oil-rich country later this month.
;;0.6124;;prime minister narendramodi paid tributes to freedom fighters shaheed bhagat singh, rajguru and sukhdev on the anniversary of their martyrdom.
;;0.5267;;in his speech, former state president ashwani sharma urged malik that prime minister narendramodi modis slogan of sabka saath sabka vikas must also be implemented in letter and spirit within the party.
;;-0.4019;;while the state government has announced rs 5 lakh for the deceased, prime minister narendramodi has declared another rs 2 lakh as ex-gratia for the deceased and rs 50, 000 each for the injured.
;;0.0;;(file/pti photo)prime minister narendramodi will go on a five-country tour beginning june 4, sources said here on saturday.
;;0.0;;at a recent function tounveil the four-volume reprint of indu chachasautobiography,which has been unavailable for the last three decades,mehta said chief minister narendramodi did not heed his request for a new statue.
;;0.4588;;(pti photo)visiting sri lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe will meet prime minister narendramodi in new delhi wednesday and discuss several issues of mutual interest.
;;0.2732;;d j pandian,principal secretary of the state energy and petrochemicals department,said some of these mous were signed in the presence of chief minister narendramodi and industries minister saurabh patel at the mahatma mandir.
;;0.0;;he (kumar) has always distanced from gujarat chief minister narendramodi following the infamous godhra incidents.
;;0.5719;;watch video | armymen who carried out loc surgical strikes decorated with gallantry awardsthe crown prince of abu dhabi, mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, the guest of honour and prime minister narendramodi , watched in silence as mukherjee saluted the courage of the dead soldier of assam regiment.
;;0.7964;;at a republic day function at chattarsal stadium, kejriwal, who often attacks prime minister narendramodi in his public speeches, focused on aaps good governance agenda which could be considered as a message to the voters in poll-bound punjab and goa where his party has high hopes.
;;-0.4939;;recently, a fishermens organisation, in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , had requested him to initiate efforts to bring back jailed indian fishermen and their boats from pakistan.
;;-0.4404;;union minister of coal and railways piyush goyal on monday brushed aside social media trolls accusing him of posting fake images on the electrification of all villages in the country under prime minister narendramodi modis decisive leadership.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to inaugurate the tunnel on april 2.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi visited iran earlier this week, the first by a indian prime minister in 15 year.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday took a jibe at the rival congress for not getting over the results of the recent lok sabha elections.
;;0.6486;;modi in new yorkaddressing the cheering crowd of about 20,000 non-resident indians (nris) at the packed madison square garden here on sunday, prime minister narendramodi announced the easing of travel and visa norms, including lifetime visas for persons of indian origin (pios).
;;0.0;;read: at madison square garden, pm narendramodi brings nri house down2.
;;0.9001;;trump had promised to be a friend of india during the campaign and emphasised after a coversation with prime minister narendramodi last week that the us considers india a true friend and partner in addressing challenges around the world.
;;0.7096;;the congress leadership in kerala on monday targeted party mp shashi tharoor for saying prime minister narendramodi should be praised whenever he says or does the right thing.
;;0.4939;;the bjp leader also praised prime minister narendramodi for not speaking about his caste.
;;-0.6597;;doval, who made the phone call to prachanda on behalf of prime minister narendramodi , said indian authorities have initiated a probe into the killing of govinda gautam.
;;-0.3612;;(source: pti)family members of the bsf head constable prem sagar who was killed and his body was mutiliated by pakistani forces have appealed to prime minister narendramodi to stop the indian cricket team from playing pakistan in the icc champions trophy.
;;0.6077;;we appeal to prime minister narendramodi and the bcci to ensure that india does not play pakistan, ishwar chandra, son of the bsf jawan is quoted as saying by pti, we are opposing the cricket match between india and pakistan in the champions trophy.
;;0.0;;jethmalani was replying to a question on projection of chief minister narendramodi as bjps prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.0;;some people when they hear the words om and gaay (cow) think it takes the country back to the 16th century, prime minister narendramodi said wednesday at the launch of a programme in mathura for prevention of livestock diseases.
;;0.1531;;read| syama prasad mookerjee and the bjps emotional connect with kashmirunion home minister amit shah, who tabled the jammu and kashmir reorganisation bill, 2019 and the statutory resolution in rajya sabha around 11 am after the union cabinet met at prime minister narendramodi modis residence at 9.
;;0.7506;;it was heaven on earth and will remain so give us five years, and we will make jammu and kashmir the most developed state in the country i want to tell the youth of kashmir valley that have faith in narendramodi government.
;;0.0;;pti narendramodi with shivraj singh chouhan at the launch of the narmada seva mission, in amarkantak on monday.
;;0.4939;;ptiprime minister narendramodi praised madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan for the extraordinary narmada seva yatra, which ended here on monday.
;;0.6369;;aap mp bhagwat mann (file photo) aap mp bhagwat mann (file photo)the aam aadmi party (aap) is considering moving a privilege motion against prime minister narendramodi for his personal remarks against its lok sabha mp bhagwant mann during the ongoing parliament session on tuesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister shri narendramodi is targeting a new india.
;;0.0;;b'the incident happened during prime minister narendramodi modis pariksha par charcha last week.
;;0.0;;(file photo) the incident happened during prime minister narendramodi modis pariksha par charcha last week.
;;-0.4767;;(file photo)more than 12 days, after reported caste discrimination incident involving dalit students of a school in kullu, made to sit separately during prime minister narendramodi modis live interaction pariksha pe charpa, the police has arrested three persons including school headmaster rajan bhardwaj.
;;0.5624;;prime minister narendramodi after the bjp parliamenty board meeting at the parliament house in new delhi on tuesday (source: express photo by prem nath pandey) prime minister narendramodi after the bjp parliamenty board meeting at the parliament house in new delhi on tuesday (source: express photo by prem nath pandey)in his reply to the discussion on motion of thanks to the presidents address on february 1, prime minister narendramodi tuesday said that not many were lucky to join the freedom struggle before the country gained independence, but they are living and working towards the betterment of india.
;;0.7096;;impressed with chief minister narendramodi whom he met briefly at the ficci meet,waszyk is hoping to meet him formally about this project.
;;0.9585;;b'modi and otherwisecommenting on the speculation about gujarat chief minister narendramodi being nominated by the bjp as its pm candidate before the lok sabha elections of 2014,inquilab,in its editorial on april 11,writes: it is nothing but the intense desire to achieve power that despite modi being given excessive importance,the senior leaders of the party are keeping mum it would be right to infer that these senior leaders  except those issuing statements in favour of advani  would be silent till the end of the elections and the party is in a respectable position then the question,why modi?
;;0.4588;;b'prime minister narendramodi receiving ceremonial welcome at the presidential palace, hanoi, vietnam.
;;0.4588;;(photo: ani) prime minister narendramodi receiving ceremonial welcome at the presidential palace, hanoi, vietnam.
;;0.743;;(photo: ani)prime minister narendramodi kick started his engagement in hanoi by paying homage to national heroes and martyrs at their monuments this morning.
;;0.0;;former bjp member sudheendra kulkarni said he had written to to prime minister narendramodi and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis to make tilaks heritage into national monuments.
;;0.0;;former bjp member sudheendra kulkarni said he had written to to prime minister narendramodi and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis to make tilaks heritage into national monuments.
;;0.0;;in this context, i have addressed letters to prime minister narendramodi and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, he said.
;;0.0;;b'indias prime minister narendramodi speaks during the inauguration ceremony of the make in india week in mumbai, india, february 13, 2016.
;;0.0;;(file photo) indias prime minister narendramodi speaks during the inauguration ceremony of the make in india week in mumbai, india, february 13, 2016.
;;0.128;;(file photo)railways ambitious rs 2500 crore trainset project, a part of prime minister narendramodi modis make in india initiative, suffered a major setback with none of the shortlisted bidders filing tenders.
;;-0.9423;;(file)kansas governor san brownback has written a letter to prime minister narendramodi expressing profound regret at the terrible act of violence against the indian nationals last month and said that acts of hate and intolerance have no place in his state.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi in lok sabha.
;;0.0;;(youtube screengrab) pm narendramodi in lok sabha.
;;0.0;;(youtube screengrab)bjp today issued a whip to its rajya sabha members asking them to remain present in the house as prime minister narendramodi is likely to reply tomorrow on presidential address.
;;-0.1779;;tamil nadu chief minister k palaniswami had shot off a letter to prime minister narendramodi , the second this week, seeking his intervention to secure the release of all the arrested fishermen.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi walks for a cabinet meeting at parliament library in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi walks for a cabinet meeting at parliament library in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.2732;;(source: pti)as prime minister narendramodi walked into the rajya sabha during the question hour on thursday, he was greeted with taunts from the opposition benches.
;;-0.4404;;the incident comes just days after prime minister narendramodi sent out a hard-hitting message against attacks on dalits and cow vigilantism.
;;-0.4767;;the congress, meanwhile, demanded the resignation of bharti and asked prime minister narendramodi to uphold the law and the constitution.
;;0.0;;the bjp has advised its mps, mlas and other leaders to observe prime minister narendramodi modis 66th birthday on saturday as seva divas.
;;0.0;;explained | what has changed in jammu and kashmirunion home minister amit shah, who tabled the jammu and kashmir reorganisation bill, 2019 and the statutory resolution in rajya sabha around 11 am after the union cabinet met at prime minister narendramodi modis residence at 9.
;;-0.1779;;(file photo)cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury on monday said his party empathises with weak and ineffective prime minister narendramodi , whose picture was reportedly used in kvic calendar and diary reportedly without pmos authorisation.
;;0.4019;;the photo of prime minister narendramodi in the calendar and the diary of khadi and village industries commission (kvic) in place of mahatma gandhis picture has kicked up a row, with opposition parties slamming it even as the government and bjp dismissed the controversy as unnecessary.
;;0.4767;;two days ago, prime minister narendramodi announced that a three-member task force would be set up to prepare an action plan for effective participation of sportspersons in the next three olympics.
;;0.0;;vadodara from where bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi is contesting, topped the charts with 68.
;;0.0258;;(file)bjp workers and candidates must fight the karnataka assembly elections on the nda governments development agenda, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday, describing as lollipops offerings made to caste groups by rival parties.
;;-0.5423;;bhatt was suspended on august 8,2011,months after he filed an affidavit in the supreme court in april 2011 accusing chief minister narendramodi of complicity in the post-godhra riots.
;;0.2732;;(source: vikas swarup/twitter)india announced 16 agreements and 3 announcements across fields with russia after prime minister narendramodi modis meeting with russian president vladimir putin on saturday.
;;-0.5106;;ambekar, who wrote a letter to fadnavis, said it was not the bmcs official event and stated it is an insult to prime minister narendramodi modis idea of cooperative federalism.
;;0.0;;when pointed out that bjp has elected trivendra singh rawat, a rss pracharak, as chief minister of uttarakhand, he said prime minister narendramodi is also an rss man.
;;0.0;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi is the only indian cm from india to be invited to address the google big tent activate summit 2013 on march 21 through google+ hangout on the theme technology in politics.
;;-0.296;;while the congress blamed prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah for the defection and called for fresh elections, the khandu camp said the divorce was a natural extension of their rebellion last year.
;;0.4019;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi will address the north eastern council (nec) meeting in shillong on friday and will also release a special cover and a stamp brought out by the department of posts to mark the occasion.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis speech in central hall of parliament saturday appeared to build upon his maiden speech in the same hall when he was elected for his first term five years ago.
;;0.0;;rawat also said that as chief minister he was always willing to meet prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley for the development of the state.
;;0.6369;;(source: reuters)as prime minister narendramodi travels through sri lanka for the un vesak day celebrations, he will speak and hear much about the teachings of the worlds greatest pacifist, gautama buddha.
;;-0.9538;;(file)in a vitriolic attack on prime minister narendramodi over demonetisation, the shiv sena today said he had dropped a nuclear bomb on the country through the decision and turned the economy into hiroshima-nagasaki, the japanese cities devastated by the us during the world war ii.
;;-0.25;;watch video | bjp ally shiv sena targets pm narendramodi over demonetisationeven assocham has concluded that 40 lakh jobs have been lost post-demonetisation and that the number will rise in future.
;;0.765;;the boisterous drumming by the naval band coupled with unique moves and a cheerful flourish, evoked spontaneous cheers from the audience including prime minister narendramodi , who was seen tapping his fingers on the arm of his chair.
;;0.3182;;(file photo)a little over a week after her visit to delhi, where her request that the centre announce dialogue with separatists and other groups in the valley was turned down, jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti on saturday said prime minister narendramodi was the only one who could find a lasting solution to the situation in the state and lift it out of the dal-dal (morass) it was in.
;;0.7506;;if our prime minister narendramodi went to paksitan, it is sign of his strength, of his moral strength.
;;-0.6249;;on april 25, mufti met prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh in delhi and was unequivocally told that the centre couldnt offer a dialogue (with separatists and other restive groups in the valley) while there is stone-pelting and militant violence.
;;0.0;;without an invitation, you can attend a marriage, but you cannot meet him or talk to him on the issue, kharge said, referring to prime minister narendramodi modis visit to lahore to attend a wedding in the nawaz sharif family.
;;0.0;;watch video: 5 things to know about devendra jhajhariaprime minister narendramodi congratulated jhajharia this morning in a tweet.
;;0.6908;;the union home ministry, official sources said, has recently prepared a comprehensive note for the consideration of the proposal by the cabinet committee on security (ccs), headed by prime minister narendramodi with the home, defence, finance and external affairs ministers as its members.
;;0.4019;;photo-op with the pmin the recent election held to select a new chairperson for the south delhi municipal corporations standing committee, party workers called in a man dressed as prime minister narendramodi to take photos with the new chairman.
;;0.2732;;tulsis gitaprime minister narendramodi greeted with a garland by member of house of representatives tulsi gabbard during a meeting in new york on sunday.
;;0.0;;muted at timessupporters of indian prime minister narendramodi shout slogans as they watch a live stream on a screen in times square of modis speech from madison square garden.
;;0.886;;prime minister narendramodi has been accorded with the zayed medal, the highest civil award granted by the government of united arab emirates.
;;0.8591;;advertisingwe have historical and comprehensive strategic ties with india, reinforced by the pivotal role of my dear friend, prime minister narendramodi , who gave these relations a big boost.
;;0.8591;;we have historical and comprehensive strategic ties with india, reinforced by the pivotal role of my dear friend, prime minister narendramodi , who gave these relations a big boost.
;;0.4215;;bavalia said in a memorandum to rajkot municipal corporation commissioner dinesh brahmbhatt: chief minister narendramodi inaugurated housing schemes in august 2010,but the beneficiaries are still waiting for possession.
;;-0.4767;;some 5,000 units have been constructed so far and chief minister narendramodi has even distributed aid to the tune of rs 173 crore in the form of housing units for the urban poor through two garib kalyan melas.
;;-0.3612;;hours after pakistan on wednesday rejected indias request to allow prime minister narendramodi modis special plane to use its airspace for his visit to the us via germany, citing the current situation in kashmir, india expressed regret over islamabads decision and said it should reconsider its old habit of misrepresenting the reasons for taking unilateral action.
;;0.0;;in may 2017, prime minister narendramodi inaugurated indias longest bridge (9.
;;0.34;;(source: pti photo)united states national security advisor h r mcmaster met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi tuesday, setting the ball rolling for a bilateral visit by the prime minister in the next few months, possibly as early as june.
;;0.128;;alongside designing more gestures, dee dee lab members also aim at being a part of the accessible india campaign launched by prime minister narendramodi in 2015.
;;0.6908;;during the summit, prime minister narendramodi had made a strong pitch to secure indias entry to sco with visits to other sco members kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan.
;;-0.6705;;goyal, who faced prime minister narendramodi modis queries on punctuality of trains at the pragati meeting last month, was particulary harsh on the northern railways chief as the zone was placed lowest on the punctuality index.
;;0.7506;;prime minister narendramodi (l) and us president donald trump (r) prime minister narendramodi (l) and us president donald trump (r)the maiden meeting between us president donald trump and prime minister narendramodi would set forth a vision to expand the us-india partnership in an ambitious way, the white house has said.
;;0.5267;;b'prime minister narendramodi , chief justice of india dipak misra and lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan attended the meeting, attorney general k k venugopal told a bench of justices ranjan gogoi and r banumathi.
;;0.5267;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal) prime minister narendramodi , chief justice of india dipak misra and lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan attended the meeting, attorney general k k venugopal told a bench of justices ranjan gogoi and r banumathi.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi , chief justice of india dipak misra and lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan attended the meeting, attorney general k k venugopal told a bench of justices ranjan gogoi and r banumathi.
;;-0.2732;;express photo by amit mehrathe centre has suggested to the finance commission to consider incentivising states working on population control, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday while refuting charges that the terms of reference of the 15th finance commission were biased against certain states.
;;0.0;;congress chief whip in lok sabha jyotiraditya scindia addressing a press conference at the aicc hq in new delhi on tuesday on three years of narendramodi government.
;;0.0;;(source: ani) congress chief whip in lok sabha jyotiraditya scindia addressing a press conference at the aicc hq in new delhi on tuesday on three years of narendramodi government.
;;0.0258;;(source: ani)as the nda government completes three years in office at the centre, the congress launched an attack against the bharatiya janata party and prime minister narendramodi on tuesday.
;;0.4939;;more than three years since prime minister narendramodi announced the signing of a historic framework agreement with the national socialist council of nagalim (im) leadership, a deal to end indias oldest insurgency seems far.
;;-0.1779;;liz mathew: in 2017, when the then minister of state (independent charge) of skill development, rajiv pratap rudy, had left the department, reports had suggested that prime minister narendramodi was unhappy with his work because skill training was not linked to job creation.
;;0.0;;i had instructed them to focus on the requirements of the different regions (of the state), in the way prime minister narendramodi is doing.
;;-0.4019;;calling the decision shocking and a blow to hindus,bharwad has written to chief minister narendramodi urging him to withdraw the decision.
;;0.0;;source: mohsin kalbebsp chief mayawati today said that those seen at prime minister narendramodi modis roadshow here were mere spectators brought in from other states and districts in uttar pradesh where voting had already taken place.
;;0.0;;banerjee pointed out that prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah and home minister rajnath singh have all addressed rallies recently after her government gave permission for their choppers to land.
;;0.0;;earlier, sitaram yechury, general secretary of cpi(m), also addressed the farmers at the azad maidan and slammed prime minister narendramodi for not taking action against corporates who are looting the country.
;;0.6369;;during the poll campaign, prime minister narendramodi too had promised loan waiver of farmers if his party were to come to power in the state.
;;-0.7351;;prime minister narendramodi finally expressed his unbearable pain over the continued attacks on dalits in the name of cow protection.
;;0.25;;express photothe gujarat government on wednesday filed a detailed affidavit in the high court stating that the land allotment to wildwoods resorts and realties private ltd was cleared in 2009 by the then chief minister narendramodi after careful consideration.
;;0.4215;;tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roy at the parliament house express photo tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roy at the parliament house express photopointing out that prime minister narendramodi had said that hardships will last only 50 days after demonetisation of high-value currency on november 8 last year, opposition parties, led by the trinamool congress (tmc), on wednesday slammed the government for continuing restrictions on cash withdrawal from banks and atms even 90 days on.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate phase-i of the link-ii pipeline canal of the ambitious saurashtra narmada avtaran irrigation (sauni) yojna in botad district of gujarat on monday.
;;-0.7184;;(express photo by vishal srivastav)a day after the union information and broadcasting (i&b) ministry issued a press release on fake news, the editors guild of india on tuesday condemned the measure, even as the release was withdrawn by the ministry after prime minister narendramodi modis intervention today.
;;0.0;;advertisingjaishankar, pompeo to meet today, set stage for modi-trump talksus secretary of state michael pompeo will hold talks with prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister s jaishankar wednesday.
;;0.3612;;pm modi at the pravasi bhartiya kendra in new delhi on saturday (ani) pm modi at the pravasi bhartiya kendra in new delhi on saturday (ani)prime minister narendramodi on saturday attended the indias business reforms event at pravasi bhartiya kendra in new delhi where he talked about the recent rankings the country recieved in the ease of doing business index published by the world bank.
;;0.0;;b'new delhi: prime minister narendramodi chairing the 3rd governing council meet of the niti aayog, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo/pib new delhi: prime minister narendramodi chairing the 3rd governing council meet of the niti aayog, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.6908;;pti photo/pibprime minister narendramodi on sunday said that the consensus on the goods and services tax (gst) would go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism, while crediting state chief ministers for keeping aside political and ideological differences to arrive at a common ground.
;;-0.8176;;prime minister narendramodi had sunday evening tweeted: saddened by the loss of lives caused by a stampede in west bengal.
;;0.7506;;the congress on sunday sought to target a section of industrialists and others who were praising gujarat chief narendramodi for good governance,saying that it was all sponsored.
;;0.1779;;the growing bonhomie between nitish and prime minister narendramodi is also being seen as a move to put alliance partner rjd in check.
;;0.2023;;hours earlier, in an indirect reference to prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah, bhargav had claimed in the house that the congress government would not last 24 hours once the bjp gets a signal from the top leadership.
;;0.4404;;b'senior bjp leader and deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi today claimed that the rjd supremo lalu prasad yadav would not have received the telephone call of gujarat chief minister narendramodi had he known about the identity of the caller in advance.
;;0.9147;;khandu thanked prime minister narendramodi for his continued faith in recognizing the potential of the north eastern region and his commitment to help it overcome the teething troubles so as to truly become the new engine of indias growth.
;;0.91;;referring to prime minister narendramodi modis vision of india partnership with the world including its neighbours, johnson said imagine how wonderful it would be for india and pakistan to break down the barriers of mistrust and make the best of economic opportunities.
;;-0.4767;;the first assembly session after chief minister narendramodi was declared the bjps prime ministerial candidate for lok sabha polls turned out to be a stormy one on monday with all opposition mlas present in the house suspended for two out of the total three-day monsoon session.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the world food event on friday at vigyan bhavan in new delhi.
;;0.4019;;b'from left to right -mahendra nath pandey (chandauli), anupriya patel (mirzapur), kalraj mishra (deoria), manoj sinha (ghazipur) from left to right -mahendra nath pandey (chandauli), anupriya patel (mirzapur), kalraj mishra (deoria), manoj sinha (ghazipur)with two more mps from eastern up being inducted into the union cabinet on tuesday, the party now has four union ministers, besides prime minister narendramodi representing varanasi, from the region.
;;0.4404;;surprising the nation and the world, prime minister narendramodi began his term in office reaching out to pakistan.
;;0.9022;;(source: pti)with pv sindhu assuring india of a silver medal in womens singles in the ongoing rio olympics by crusing japans noxomi okuhara, prime minister narendramodi on thursday showered praises on the ace shuttler and wished her all the best for her final encounter against world no, 1 carolina marin.
;;0.0258;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi has threatened to initiate legal proceedings against a local congress leader for serving a notice asking him to apologise and withdraw his remarks calling prime minister manmohan singh a night watchman of the gandhi family.
;;-0.9042;;a day after prime minister narendramodi warned that arrogance and misbehaviour will not be tolerated, irrespective of whoever it may be, whoevers son he may be, many of those present at a protest against the arrest of indore-3 mla akash vijayvargiya for assaulting a civic official appeared to have changed tack.
;;0.926;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi has given its approval to release an additional instalment of dearness allowance (da) to central government employees and dearness relief (dr) to pensioners from january 1, 2018 representing an increase of 2 per cent over the existing rate of 5 per cent of the basic pay/pension, to compensate for price rise, an official statement said.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , also approved amendments to constitution, administration and powers of the local bodies in the union territories of daman & diu, dadra & nagar haveli and andaman & nicobar islands.
;;0.4019;;recently, i sent a letter to prime minister narendramodi , external affairs minister sushma swaraj and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath seeking help in release of chandra prakash.
;;0.3071;;prime minister narendramodi had articulated this vision in an address to the afghan parliament on december 25, 2015.
;;-0.9118;;after the encounter,the crime branch had claimed that they had intelligenceinputs that sadiq was a noted criminal in the league ofdawood ibrahim and chhota shakeel,and had planned to kill senior bjp leader l k advani,chief minister narendramodi and vhp leader pravin togadia.
;;0.6597;;(source: pti photo)exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology, prime minister narendramodi on monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when india would celebrate 75 years of independence.
;;0.4019;;walking the modi talkafter yoga guru baba ramdev was reported to start a yatra in a bid to mobilise support for narendramodi modis pm campaign,a young delhi-based modi fan,tejinder pal bagga,went a step further.
;;0.34;;packaging mattersthere was a corporate-like finesse to the dossier mailed by the gujarat information department on chief minister narendramodi modis speech at the conference of chief ministers on internal security in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister, narendramodi modis pet housing for all initiative has bagged rs 700 crore, and an additional rs 504 crore have been provided towards states contribution for the nagar-parli-beed railway line project.
;;0.6769;;minority community representatives led by businessman zafar sareshwala wednesday called on chief minister narendramodi and urged him to ensure that the interests of the muslims were not ignored.
;;-0.34;;talks cannot happen amid stone pelting and firing of bullets, she told reporters after a 20-minute meeting with prime minister narendramodi at his residence.
;;-0.8555;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday expressed anguish over the loss of lives in a building collapse incident in mumbai.
;;-0.8591;;b'file photo of pm narendramodi file photo of pm narendramodi modibreaking his silence on the death of dalit research scholar rohith vemula inside a hostel room at the university of hyderabad, prime minister narendramodi friday said that mother india had lost a son and that he felt the pain.
;;0.0;;the moment he began his address at the sixth convocation of babasaheb bhimrao ambedkar university in lucknow, two students in the audience shouted narendramodi go back.
;;-0.802;;(source: pti photo/file)congress leader ghulam nabi azad on friday attacked prime minister narendramodi alleging that he had used abusive language and remained in election mode every time.
;;0.34;;b'prime minister narendramodi being welcomed by bihar chief minister nitish kumar and bihar governor satyapal malik upon his arrival at jay prakash narayan international airport in patna on tuesday.
;;0.34;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi being welcomed by bihar chief minister nitish kumar and bihar governor satyapal malik upon his arrival at jay prakash narayan international airport in patna on tuesday.
;;0.1027;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi , who reached bihar on tuesday, flagged off three rail projects including indias first 12,000 horsepower high-speed electric locomotive under the make-in-india project.
;;0.2732;;read | narendramodi in champaran live updates: our govt has stopped the culture of suppressing files, says pm# loco factory in madhepuramodi dedicated the madhepura electric rail locomotive factory to the nation.
;;0.0;;on may 14, prime minister narendramodi visited bastar.
;;0.8591;;prime minister narendramodi being presented a ronaldo jersy by his portugal counterpart antonio costaduring during exchange of agreements and press statements in new delhi on saturday (file photo) prime minister narendramodi being presented a ronaldo jersy by his portugal counterpart antonio costaduring during exchange of agreements and press statements in new delhi on saturday (file photo)portugal prime minister antonio costa, who is on a two-day tour to goa, the land of his ancestors, said his visit to the state has a strong emotional side and personal motivation.
;;0.4939;;the portugal pm said as a person of indian origin, he was honoured to get an invitation of prime minister narendramodi to visit india.
;;-0.7845;;(representational)just a day before the scheduled visit by prime minister narendramodi to jammu & kashmir, a bsf constable and a couple were among three people killed, as pakistani rangers continued targeting forward indian posts and civilian areas with mortar shells and small arms fire along the international border on friday.
;;0.0;;to build siddaramaiahs case, kharge recalled even prime minister narendramodi contested the 2014 lok sabha polls from two seats  varanasi in uttar pradesh and vadodara in gujarat.
;;0.0;;in picture, pm narendramodi (pti photo) in picture, pm narendramodi (pti photo)prime minister narendramodi will launch on thursday a regional air connectivity scheme under which the fares of flights will be capped at rs 2500 per seat per hour.
;;0.3612;;the ministrys mission eleven million to make india sports superpower is being credited to prime minister narendramodi modis call for promotion and spread of sports culture in the country.
;;0.1027;;(source: pti)a day after being cleared by national anti-doping agency, narsingh yadav met prime minister narendramodi on tuesday in new delhi.
;;0.0;;union minister smriti irani was on tuesday allotted the textiles ministry by prime minister narendramodi in his second cabinet reshuffle since assuming power in 2014.
;;-0.34;;theres no doubt that prime minister narendramodi  who represents varanasi, a handloom hub  has kept focus on the textile industry, a promise he made to his constituency during the lok sabha election campaign.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi reshuffled his cabinet on tuesday, allotting minister smriti irani the textiles ministry portfolio.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi reshuffled his cabinet on tuesday, allotting minister smriti irani the textiles ministry portfolio.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at muktinath temple in muktinath on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti/pib) prime minister narendramodi at muktinath temple in muktinath on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti/pib)prime minister narendramodi modis visit to nepal was decided soon after k p sharma olis election as prime minister, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said on saturday, amid speculation over its timing which coincides with the karnataka assembly election.
;;-0.7003;;hitting out at prime minister narendramodi , he said, for the folly of one person, the prime minister, india will suffer a loss of rs 2.
;;0.6705;;in a statement on saturday, deputy chief minister nitin patel expressed thanks to prime minister narendramodi and the centre for the additional fund to ensure completion of the narmada project, particularly with regard to construction of minor canals to carry water to farmers fields for irrigation.
;;0.3818;;(source: ap)prime minister narendramodi struck a subdued tone on the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) when he told a tv channel, the process has begun on a positive note.
;;0.0;;posters lampooning chief minister narendramodi as a cunning mother-in-law surfaced overnight on some of the main roads in the city,including on the wall of mayors official bungalow at race course ring road.
;;0.93;;on a goodwill visit to china,chief minister narendramodi today made a strong pitch for chinese investments,asserting that gujarat,which is the growth engine of india with the best infrastructure,offers excellent returns for foreign investments.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi and president donald trump are scheduled to meet twice in less than a week this month, indias top envoy to america has said, asserting that the india-us strategic relationship has the potential to become the defining partnership within this century.
;;0.4404;;haryana minister anil vij was responding to a question on the controversy around pm modis photo replacing that of gandhi in the kvic calendar (file photo) haryana minister anil vij was responding to a question on the controversy around pm modis photo replacing that of gandhi in the kvic calendar (file photo)minutes after haryana minister anil vij said prime minister narendramodi was a better brand name than mahatma gandhi, he took the comment back.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping will meet on sunday on the first day of the g20 summit in hangzhou and are likely to discuss bilateral differences over issues including the proposed usd 46 billion china-pakistan economic corridor which runs through pakistan occupied kashmir.
;;-0.6808;;bjp president amit shah on tuesday made a pitch for a second term for prime minister narendramodi claiming that no other leader in the world has such zero tolerance for terrorism.
;;0.0;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi congress vice-president rahul gandhistrongly condemning prime minister narendramodi modis raincoat remark on manmohan singh, congress vice-president rahul gandhi on wednesday said that he has demeaned his position.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi will travel to bhutan on august 17 for a two-day visit during which the two strategic allies will explore ways to further strengthen and diversify bilateral partnership, the ministry of external affairs said on friday.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi gives a news conference with swiss president johann schneider-ammann after their meetings in geneva, switzerland, june 6.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi gives a news conference with swiss president johann schneider-ammann after their meetings in geneva, switzerland, june 6.
;;0.1779;;yesterday prime minister narendramodi , in his talks with swiss president schneider-amman, raised the issue of black money and tax evasion by indians to which the latter offered to extend the level of cooperation.
;;0.0;;in a signed letter addressed to the municipal commissioner, bjp pimpri-chinchwad president laxman jagtap said, since prime minister narendramodi is pushing for digital india, pcmc should also get on to the digital mode.
;;0.4404;;we hope to open a new indian consulate in seattle, indian foreign secretary s jaishankar said after the conclusion of the talks between prime minister narendramodi and us president barack obama at the white house.
;;0.6293;;prime minister narendramodi on monday said the opposition need not bother about their numbers as every word of theirs was valuable for his government.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had on monday asked police to bring the culprits to book.
;;0.3182;;with an eye on assembly elections in gujarat next year, aam aadmi party chief arvind kejriwal will be on a one-day visit to prime minister narendramodi modis home state on july 9 and pay obeisance at somnath temple.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and myanmar president u htin kyaw at the rashtrapati bhavan monday.
;;0.0;;tashi tobgyal prime minister narendramodi and myanmar president u htin kyaw at the rashtrapati bhavan monday.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi held talks with the visiting president of myanmar u htin kyaw, in the first top-level engagement with the new government of aung san suu kyis national league for democracy.
;;0.6808;;the samiti members claimed that they had personally made a representation to prime minister narendramodi in 2016 demanding national status for the town, but nothing has been done so far, forcing them to call a bandh on may 1, which is also celebrated as gujarat foundation day.
;;0.0;;tweet for thoughton june 12,chief minister narendramodi tweeted,in gujarat,for the past 10 years,poor people get wheat at rs 2 per kg and rice at rs 3 per kg.
;;0.0;;these are the questions that prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah need to answer, he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at a rally in karnataka earlier this week.
;;0.0;;(pti) prime minister narendramodi at a rally in karnataka earlier this week.
;;0.6174;;(pti)with only three days left for the campaign in karnataka to end, prime minister narendramodi is marshaling the bjps considerable resources to maximum use, from attacking the nehru-gandhi dynasty to conflating tipu sultan with pakistan to sharing the stage with one of the three corrupt, but highly popular, reddy brothers from bellary.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , the host of the summit, arrived last night.
;;0.0;;the much-delayed project received a push last year after prime minister narendramodi laid the foundation stone for it.
;;-0.7096;;reserve bank of india (source: file) reserve bank of india (source: file)in wake of the letter written by employees of reserve bank of india (rbi) to its governor urjit patel condemning the demonetisation drive, the congress and janata dal (united) dubbed it as shocking state of affair, while stating that prime minister narendramodi and his government have destroyed the credibility of the autonomous body that controls the countrys monetary policy.
;;0.0;;b'opposition national conference leader omar abdullah today rued that prime minister narendramodi did not speak about the situation in jammu and kashmir in his mann ki baat radio address.
;;0.4215;;the appointments committee of cabinet headed by prime minister narendramodi approved bhallas appointment as the new home secretary.
;;0.0;;b'modi, pm modi, modi in assam, bjp, dhola-sadiya bridge, indias longest bridge, brahmaputra, assam-arunachal pradesh, north east, sarbananda sonwal, india news, indian express modi, pm modi, modi in assam, bjp, dhola-sadiya bridge, indias longest bridge, brahmaputra, assam-arunachal pradesh, north east, sarbananda sonwal, india news, indian expressprime minister narendramodi on friday formally inaugurated indias longest bridge  the 9.
;;0.0;;15 km long road bridge over the brahmaputra river in tinsukia district in assam on monday, ahead of its inauguration by prime minister narendramodi on 26th may 2017.
;;0.0;;15 km long road bridge over the brahmaputra river in tinsukia district in assam on monday, ahead of its inauguration by prime minister narendramodi on 26th may 2017.
;;0.4019;;on prime minister narendramodi visiting saharanpur on may 26 to mark two years in power, akhilesh said: there is a government that came to power promising achhe din.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/manish swarup)sri lankan prime minister ranil wickremsinghe is expected to meet his counterpart narendramodi in the national capital on wednesday.
;;0.6486;;referring to prime minister narendramodi modis recent speech in the valley, the separatists said: modi said in srinagar that the panacea to the kashmir problem is development and that peace is a prerequisite for that to happen, thus putting the onus of bringing peace on peoplethe question is what is this offer that rajnath singh is referring to?
;;0.7351;;earlier in the morning the, the medal winners interacted with prime minister narendramodi at his official residence.
;;-0.8225;;a petition was filed in a bihar court on saturday against 49 eminent citizens, who had written to prime minister narendramodi on lynching of minorities and hate crimes, seeking slapping of sedition and other charges.
;;-0.1779;;interestingly,during the last lok sabha elections,nitish had shared the dais with nda leaders including gujarat chief minister narendramodi who had come to ludhiana to campaign for chief minister parkash singh badals sad.
;;-0.8225;;earlier this month, addressing a rally in wardha, prime minister narendramodi used the samjhauta verdict to target congress: the congress committed the sin of insulting hindus, attempted to taint the fundamental ethos of the country and committed the sin of lowering the image of every citizen in the eyes of the world.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi will today appear on a special episode of man vs wild with host bear grylls.
;;0.0;;where to watch prime minister narendramodi on man vs wild?
;;0.0;;the man vs wild episode featuring pm narendramodi will air globally on discovery india.
;;0.0;;the man vs wild episode featuring pm narendramodi will air at 9 pm tonight, august 12, 2019.
;;-0.0516;;while there has been no word on whether the episode will be made available online eventually, there could be a chance that this episode with prime minister narendramodi will eventually be aired on the pmos social media accounts.
;;0.34;;hours after the conclusion of all-party meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi , union finance minister arun jaitley and union home minister rajnath singh held a media briefing on friday where they said that security forces in jammu and kashmir have been advised to act with utmost restraint.
;;0.0;;also read: pok is part of jammu & kashmir, says pm narendramodi at all-party meetingasked whether the government plans on calling separatists and hurriyat for talks, jaitley said the decision to call separatists and hurriyat for talks to be evaluated by government according to the prevailing situation.
;;0.0;;he said if an investigation takes place, names of prime minister narendramodi and anil ambani would come out.
;;0.9325;;advertisingexplained | setback for govt, sc order brings rafale deal back in the picturereferring to a recent interview of prime minister narendramodi , he said, a few days ago, i saw an interview of prime minister, which was like his structured interview, where he was telling the journalist that supreme court has given him a clean chitbut today supreme court has made it clear that chowkidar chor hai.
;;0.128;;the swachh bharat abhiyan was launched by prime minister narendramodi on october 2, 2014.
;;0.34;;b'police sources in chandigarh said that tight security arrangements were being made for the prime minister narendramodi modis visit to pathankot.
;;0.34;;police sources in chandigarh said that tight security arrangements were being made for the prime minister narendramodi modis visit to pathankot.
;;-0.8402;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to visit the pathankot air base, which was attacked by suspected pakistani terrorists on january 2, on saturday, police sources said.
;;0.5106;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said the rate of immunisation against tuberculosis has grown by 6 per cent in the last three-and-a-half years and expressed confidence of achieving 90 per cent immunisation coverage within the next year.
;;0.0;;for prime minister narendramodi then, the swachh bharat drive must begin with himself.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (l) and jd(s) chief hd deve gowda.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi (l) and jd(s) chief hd deve gowda.
;;0.0;;(source: file/ani photo)prime minister narendramodi will visit four african nations namely mozambique, south africa, tanzania and kenya from july 7 to 11.
;;0.8271;;punjab chief minister amarinder singh has written to prime minister narendramodi , seeking the countrys highest civillian honour  the bharat ratna  for hockey legend balbir singh sr.advertisingamarinder, in his letter to modi on wednesday, called the 95-year-old legend, an outstanding sportsperson of his era.
;;0.4019;;he also said the results indicated that the development mission started by prime minister narendramodi has found support among the people.
;;0.4215;;advertisingthe membership campaign, which was launched by prime minister narendramodi in varanasi on july 6 and ended on august 20, is set to increase the bjps existing membership by 7 crore, said j p nadda, the partys working president.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate and address the opening session of the dialogue, which is indias flagship geo-political conference to be held annually and within a short span has emerged as a much-awaited global conference in the international calendar.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi will arrive in ludhiana on october 18 to give away awards to representatives of micro, small and medium enterprises.
;;0.0;;nobody knew him then,but a 15,000-strong crowd was in attendance, says 72-year-old farmer bachubhai tribhovandas patel as he recounts chief minister narendramodi modis last visit to becharaji,a temple town in mehsana district where he kicked off his month-long vivekananda yuva vikas yatra on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(pti)never one to rest on his laurels, prime minister narendramodi has set himself a new target  showcasing a new india by 2022, the 75th anniversary of the nations independence.
;;0.6597;;whether the bharatiya janata party officially announces gujarat chief minister narendramodi as its prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 lok sabha polls or not is still to be seen but the modi-effect is already visible in the chandigarh unit of the party as some of the contenders for the ticket from the city are going all-out to project their proximity to the leader in the run-up to the elections.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.0;;(file photo)coinciding with the crucial plenary session of the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) on june 23 and 24 in seoul, prime minister narendramodi is likely to meet chinese president xi jinping in tashkent on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation summit.
;;0.6997;;prime minister narendramodi , who led his party the bjp to a landslide victory in the 2014 national elections, remains the most powerful indian.
;;0.6705;;keeping an eyeprime minister narendramodi has been taking a keen interest in education lately.
;;-0.4767;;(file photo)a seven-day pay cut of a bsf jawan, who was punished for disrespecting prime minister narendramodi , was restored after the pm himself intervened and directed the border force to withdraw the order.
;;0.8176;;meanwhile, at a press conference called to announce the achievements of his ministry upon completion of three years of the narendramodi government, union minister for law and justice ravi shankar prasad said his cabinet colleague health minister harshvardhan had already made it clear that the government is ready for a review of the cattle control order and he had nothing more to add to it.
;;0.3818;;on cow vigilantes, he said prime minister narendramodi had already made it clear that they will have to be dealt with firmly as per the law and face consequences of their actions.
;;0.4019;;tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa had also written to prime minister narendramodi on saturday seeking help for release for four other indian fishermen who were apprehended on thursday last week.
;;0.0;;students watch live telecast of pm narendramodi modis speech at kbdav school in chandigarh on friday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by jaipal singh)during his interaction with school students across the country on teachers day, prime minister narendramodi said if a girl is educated, the entire family is educated.
;;-0.2023;;the highlight of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to america last month were the return to india of over 200 stolen artefacts, many of them linked to kapoor.
;;0.7783;;prime minister narendramodi also expressed that the hindi language has beautifully incorporated simplicity, spontaneity and elegance that provide meaningfulness to expression.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah have invested enormously in the assembly elections that begin on february 11.
;;0.0;;source: praveen khanna/file photo prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah have invested enormously in the assembly elections that begin on february 11.
;;-0.6808;;source: praveen khanna/file photosamajwadi party leader rajendra chaudhary on monday said prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah are terrorists and spreading an atmosphere of fear in the state.
;;-0.128;;read | show of strength in karnataka: oppositions unity at kumaraswamys swearing-in could make modi uneasywhile the bjp, whose leader b s yeddyurappa was sworn-in as cm and resigned 55 hours later, boycotted the oath-taking ceremony and observed a black day across the state, prime minister narendramodi congratulated kumaraswamy.
;;0.0;;though the cm did not specify who the talks would be with, she had earlier invoked former prime minister atal bihari vajpayees policy on kashmir at a meeting with prime minister narendramodi today in an apparent suggestion for talks with separatists.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with home minister rajnath singh, foreign minister sushma swaraj, v naidu, arun jaitley at the eleventh inter-state council meeting, in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi with home minister rajnath singh, foreign minister sushma swaraj, v naidu, arun jaitley at the eleventh inter-state council meeting, in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;up cm yogi adityanath up cm yogi adityanathuttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath on thursday appealed to people to make the upcoming international yoga day a mass movement and lauded prime minister narendramodi for getting international recognition for the ancient indian tradition.
;;0.8979;;the importance of yoga has been accepted in the vedas and other ancient books and prime minister narendramodi has achieved the important feat of getting international recognition for itall those having faith in the sanatan traditions should be thankful to him for this, he said.
;;0.5719;;it happened at a time when prime minister narendramodi was issuing a stern statement jointly with his german counterpart angela merkel, vowing to take strong measures against those who encourage, support and finance terrorism.
;;-0.9601;;b'pm narendramodi at the site of the tragedy in kollam with cm oommen chandy and other officials (source: twitter/@pmoindia) pm narendramodi at the site of the tragedy in kollam with cm oommen chandy and other officials (source: twitter/@pmoindia)hours after the fire tragedy, prime minister narendramodi sunday visited the puttingal devi temple premises near here and took stock of the situation arising out of the mishap that claimed 100 lives and left over 383 injured.
;;0.0;;astana: prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the sco summit in astana, kazakhstan on friday.
;;0.0;;pti photo astana: prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the sco summit in astana, kazakhstan on friday.
;;0.0258;;while chinese president xi jinping started the day by telling prime minister narendramodi that he liked the aamir khan-starrer dangal, sources said he did not raise the one belt one road (obor) issue  india boycotted the summit in beijing last month.
;;0.2732;;b'prime minister narendramodi (l) greeted by his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif after modi took the oath of office at the presidential palace in new delhi on may 26, 2014.
;;0.2732;;(source: reuters) prime minister narendramodi (l) greeted by his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif after modi took the oath of office at the presidential palace in new delhi on may 26, 2014.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi visits the prime minister of pakistan, nawaz sharifs home in raiwind, where his grand-daughters wedding is being held, at lahore, pakistan on december 25, 2015.
;;0.0;;(source: pib) prime minister narendramodi visits the prime minister of pakistan, nawaz sharifs home in raiwind, where his grand-daughters wedding is being held, at lahore, pakistan on december 25, 2015.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi with pakistan pm nawaz sharif in ufa.
;;0.0;;(source: pti/file) pm narendramodi with pakistan pm nawaz sharif in ufa.
;;-0.0258;;(source: pti photo)tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on monday appealed to prime minister narendramodi to immediately release relief funds for the drought-hit state and for the damage caused by cyclone vardah.
;;0.3612;;in response to government primary school teacher chhaya upadhayas letter to the chief minister narendramodi seeking intervention in settling the dress code issue for female vidyasahayaks,the district education authorities have decided to recommend its amendment to higher authorities.
;;0.8402;;amid a furore over his remark that prime minister narendramodi should be praised for doing the right things, congress mp shashi tharoor on tuesday stood by his statement and urged the party to respect his approach.
;;0.3612;;a senior wildlife official said on tuesday that punjab forests and wildlife preservation minister tikshan sud had recently called upon gujarat chief minister narendramodi to discuss how to attract more tourists to lion safaris at chhatbir zoo.
;;0.4019;;pitching for converting farmers challenges into opporunities, prime minister narendramodi on sunday urged all states to give priority to implementation of the roadmap for boosting the agriculture sector with a target of doubling the income of farmers by 2022.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi at the inauguration of a diamond manufacturing unit at ichhapor in surat on monday.
;;0.34;;(source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi at the inauguration of a diamond manufacturing unit at ichhapor in surat on monday.
;;-0.6597;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on monday accused the previous congress government at the centre of not fulfilling its duties and instead blaming the states for it.
;;0.0;;he said yoga was indias priceless heritage and added that prime minister narendramodi modis speech at the unesco headquarters paved the path for the un to pass a resolution for making june 21 as international yoga day.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in bhubaneswar on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by debabrata mohanty) prime minister narendramodi in bhubaneswar on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by debabrata mohanty)prime minister narendramodi on saturday held a roadshow in bhubaneswar ahead of the bhartiya janata partys (bjp) national executive meeting.
;;0.2023;;(source: reuters)prime minister narendramodi on sunday lauded the indian scientists for successfully test firing the ballistic interceptor missile along with the recent launch of 104 satellites in to space.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi (file) pm narendramodi (file)on the third anniversary of his government, prime minister narendramodi today said these years have seen concrete steps that have transformed the lives of the people.
;;0.0;;the issue of election funding was also discussed at an all-party meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi during the same period.
;;0.0;;an rti application filed by a mumbai-based ngo has revealed that chief minister narendramodi gave away rs 5.
;;0.0;;(representational)paytm and reliance jio infocomm were served with notices by the government for using prime minister narendramodi modis photograph in their advertisements, reported economic times on saturday.
;;0.6124;;union minister ravi shankar prasad contrasted the congress chiefs address on monday night with that of prime minister narendramodi to 270 indian-origin (pio) parliamentarians in which he focused on boosting ties between india and other countries.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at a function organised by the culture ministry to mark buddha purnima, in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by prem nath pandey) prime minister narendramodi at a function organised by the culture ministry to mark buddha purnima, in new delhi on monday.
;;0.1511;;(express photo by prem nath pandey)prime minister narendramodi on monday said that india had never been an aggressor, nor had it encroached upon anyones territory or seen any distinctions between religions, caste or languages.
;;0.3818;;b'kiren rijiju added that the commitment of the centre was proved after prime minister narendramodi directed all the ministers to personally visit the region along with departmental officers to oversee the requirements.
;;0.3818;;(source: file) kiren rijiju added that the commitment of the centre was proved after prime minister narendramodi directed all the ministers to personally visit the region along with departmental officers to oversee the requirements.
;;0.3818;;rijiju added that the commitment of the centre was proved after prime minister narendramodi directed all the ministers to personally visit the region along with departmental officers to oversee the requirements.
;;-0.3818;;(file)congress president rahul gandhi launched an attack on prime minister narendramodi over the latters informal meeting with chinese president xi jinping in wuhan on friday.
;;0.0;;cpi-m led ldf would have to sit in the opposition benches and bjp, even after high profile campaign by its host of leaders including prime minister narendramodi , would remain at zero in the assembly, antony said.
;;0.3818;;(express photo/vishal srivastav/file)stating that his government aims to give more autonomy to the higher education sector, prime minister narendramodi emphasised the need for innovation.
;;-0.25;;the protest was later lifted after district officials informed them prime minister narendramodi had announced rs 10 lakh compensation for each family.
;;0.0;;the bjp government led by prime minister narendramodi is adopting double standards while dealing with bihar and west bengal governments as the former is led by their own coalition and the latter by tmcs mamata banerjee, mayawati said in a statement.
;;0.7717;;in his independence day speech in 2016, prime minister narendramodi had expressed a desire to have permanent museums in the states where the tribal freedom fighters lived.
;;0.0;;bihars bjp leader giriraj singh has stirred up a controversy saying that those opposing the partys prime ministerial candidate narendramodi would have to go to pakistan after the lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;those opposing narendramodi are looking at pakistan, and such people will have place in pakistan and not in india, singh told a poll meeting at mohanpur haat maidan near the temple town deogarh on sunday.
;;-0.6908;;this governments previous appointments in this sphere  from the hrd ministers appointed by prime minister narendramodi to the heads of various bodies appointed in turn by these ministers  do not inspire much confidence.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in wuhan in april.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/file) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in wuhan in april.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/file)more than a month after the informal summit in wuhan on april 27-28, new delhi and beijing have come up with a list of about 100 do-ables that have emerged out of the one-on-one conversation between prime minister narendramodi , sources have told the indian express.
;;0.0;;wuhan, china: prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping inside a house boat, in wuhans east lake, china.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) wuhan, china: prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping inside a house boat, in wuhans east lake, china.
;;0.3818;;jaitley told people that nda government under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi has three clear priorities for jammu and kashmir.
;;0.296;;responding to mediapersons at the mahatma mandir here,he said that he had taken up the matter with chief minister narendramodi earlier as well.
;;0.5719;;b'maputo: prime minister narendramodi inspects a guard of honour on his arrival at maputo international airport in mozambique on thursday.
;;0.5719;;pti photo maputo: prime minister narendramodi inspects a guard of honour on his arrival at maputo international airport in mozambique on thursday.
;;0.0;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on thursday arrived in mozambique as part of his four-nation africa tour.
;;0.6808;;in the last three-and-a-half years in maharashtra, prime minister narendramodi and sharad pawar had shared the dais at least thrice in public and private functions and praised each other to show their cordial relationship.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping take a walk together along the east lake, in wuhan, china on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo/pib) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping take a walk together along the east lake, in wuhan, china on saturday.
;;0.0;;these are some of the key takeaways from the informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping over two days in wuhan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping on a house boat in wuhans east lake, china on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo/pib) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping on a house boat in wuhans east lake, china on saturday.
;;0.0;;also read | pm modi, xi conclude one-on-one informal talks: here are the key developmentsprime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping talk as they visit the hubei provincial museum in wuhan, hubei province, china april 27, 2018.
;;0.0;;(photo via reuters) prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping talk as they visit the hubei provincial museum in wuhan, hubei province, china april 27, 2018.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (c) with harbhajan singh (r) and geeta basra at the reception in new delhi.
;;-0.5574;;security was beefed up in khurd village after locals started protesting (source:ani) security was beefed up in khurd village after locals started protesting (source:ani)earlier in the day, condemning the incidents of vandalism in several parts of the country, prime minister narendramodi said that stern action will be taken against those found guilty.
;;0.2732;;the bjp, for instance, flaunts the obc identity of many of its leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , in its outreach to non-upper caste hindus.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newsdrinking water will be provided to 71 border outposts of bsf with central assistance, patel added about extending the drinking water project that was first initiated by prime minister narendramodi in 2013.
;;0.5106;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi has set october 2, 2019 as the target date for rural india to be open defecation free (odf).
;;-0.0971;;moily,however,said the allegation against tytler was not as serious as against gujarat chief minister narendramodi who had not taken a single step to come clean on the 2002 riots in gujarat.
;;-0.8555;;b'zakia jafri,wife of 2002 post-godhra riots victim and former congress mp ehsan jafri,today filed a protest petition in a local court seeking rejection of the sit report giving a clean chit to chief minister narendramodi and others in the gulberg society riot case.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi said last week that all villages of india have been electrified.
;;-0.6486;;(source: pti/file)continuing his attack against the central government and prime minister narendramodi for the second day in a row, deputy chief minister manish sisodia tuesday accused them of trying to paralyse the delhi government by transferring its senior officials.
;;0.0;;b'united nations general assembly president-elect ambassador peter thomson will meet prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj among others.
;;0.4215;;(source: file) united nations general assembly president-elect ambassador peter thomson will meet prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj among others.
;;0.0;;thomson will meet prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj among others on monday.
;;-0.6705;;on the raging debate over the triple talaq issue, anwar accused prime minister narendramodi of raising it from time to time to deflect attention from other pressing matters.
;;0.3612;;b'tarun gogoi (sourece: pti) tarun gogoi (sourece: pti)former assam chief minister tarun gogoi was today prevented from visiting dhola-sadiya bridge in tinsukia district to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on friday citing security concerns.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the bridge, which is expected to immensely benefit the people of arunachal pradesh and assam, to mark the bjp governments third anniversary at the centre and first year in assam.
;;0.0;;19 june 2016at this years international yoga day celebrations in lucknow, prime minister narendramodi will have for company scores of roza-observing muslims who will be performing various asanas.
;;0.0;;advertisingto drive home her point, she cited examples of prime minister narendramodi , union home minister rajnath singh and bjp president amit shah holding public meetings in the state without any hassles.
;;0.0;;referring to prime minister narendramodi , the mp added, only a person with a chest of 56 inches can lead india on the path of development.
;;0.6808;;i want to thank my leader prime minister narendramodi who took this cause up in general assembly of the united nations (for declaring international yoga day), she said.
;;0.8689;;the step is bound to increase faith and respect of common masses in the narendramodi government, he hoped.
;;-0.5106;;bhatt had been in news in the recent past for making allegations against gujarat chief minister narendramodi for his handling of the 2002 riots.
;;0.4019;;with shah being inducted as the home minister by prime minister narendramodi , there is a view within the bjp that he will not continue as the party president.
;;0.7269;;b'prime minister narendramodi is greeted by chief minister of puducherry, v narayanasamy in a meeting in new delhi on wednesday (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi is greeted by chief minister of puducherry, v narayanasamy in a meeting in new delhi on wednesday (pti photo)puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy on saturday expressed satisfaction over his recent meetings with, president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and central ministers at new delhi.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi today rued that successive governments had sought to forget indias traditional medicinal systems instead of promoting them.
;;0.4404;;in delhi, building on the efforts of his three recent predecessors  p.v. narasimha rao, atal bihari vajpayee and manmohan singh  prime minister narendramodi has made bold to declare that india has overcome its past hesitations in engaging america.
;;0.0;;attending a dinner hosted by cm narendramodi at his official residence in gandhinagar friday evening,the visiting us delegation of mainly republican lawmakers spoke via skype to their senior leader and former speaker of house of representatives newton gingrich,who reportedly said he would take up the issue of a us visa for modi with secretary of state john kerry.
;;-0.1027;;last year, prime minister narendramodi asserted that he favoured the discontinuation of triple talaq, stating that lives of muslim women cannot be allowed to be destroyed by triple talaq.
;;0.0258;;b'fake news order: prime minister narendramodi was of the view that the government should not interfere in the matter.
;;-0.4588;;(express photo by vishal srivastav/file) fake news order: prime minister narendramodi was of the view that the government should not interfere in the matter.
;;-0.9371;;(express photo by vishal srivastav/file)in the wake of the widespread criticism and outcry, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday ordered the information and broadcasting (i&b) ministry to overturn its contentious guidelines on fake news, which contained punitive measures like the cancellation of a journalists accreditation if he/she is found generating or propagating fake news.
;;0.4019;;when the high-powered committee met on monday, dutta was one of the names discussed by the panel that has prime minister narendramodi and leader of the single largest party in opposition mallikarjun kharge as members other than the cji.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe comments by trump were his first and comes two weeks since his meeting with prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the g7 summit in france on august 26.
;;0.1027;;if this could be a key litmus test for the biggest gamble made by the bjp, prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah to ensure its victory in 2019, for the congress its a life or death issue and for aap, this will determine its destiny.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi will visit washington dc on june 25-26, at the invitation of us president donald trump, according to news agency ani.
;;0.4576;;no leader of any significance within the bjp publicly contests the partys most popular leader narendramodi modis claim for its prime ministerial candidature.
;;-0.5106;;it coincides with senior jd(u) leader nitish kumar making known his opposition to gujarat chief minister narendramodi as prime ministerial candidate and threatening to part ways on the matter.
;;0.4215;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday extended his greetings on the occasion of gurur purnima.
;;0.0;;bjp mlc surinder ambardar has said that central government led-by prime minister narendramodi will take on board displaced kashmiri pandit community before formulating the roadmap for their return to the kashmir valley.
;;0.6786;;so this verdict is really an expression of people still wanting to give prime minister narendramodi and his party a chance.
;;0.0;;gujarats foundation day became a media blitzkrieg for pushing chief minister narendramodi modis model of development to india.
;;-0.2023;;(express file photo/praveen jain)raising suspicion over pune polices findings of an alleged plot to assassinate prime minister narendramodi , nationalist congress party (ncp) chief sharad pawar on sunday said that the threat letter, which was seized, did not have any substance and was merely being used to garner peoples sympathy.
;;-0.872;;watch: pm modi meets journalists on the eve of cabinet reshuffle: all you need to knowreacting furiously to kumars arrest, aap leader and delhi deputy chief minister manish sisodia accused prime minister narendramodi of hatching a conspiracy to paralyse the delhi government.
;;-0.4588;;the agency had also conducted searches at 14 locations then, including at the office of kumar, leading to a verbal spat between aap and the bjp-led government at the centre, with kejriwal calling prime minister narendramodi a coward and a psychopath.
;;0.0;;indias prime minister narendramodi , who joined the microblogging site in january 2009  site less than three months after trump  has 26.
;;0.34;;b'seated from left, chinese president xi jinping, president barack obama, and indias prime minister narendramodi , gather for a working dinner with heads of delegations of the nuclear security summit in the white house, in washington.
;;0.34;;(ap photo) seated from left, chinese president xi jinping, president barack obama, and indias prime minister narendramodi , gather for a working dinner with heads of delegations of the nuclear security summit in the white house, in washington.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi , as he arrives for a working dinner with heads of delegations for the nuclear security summit at the white house in washington march 31, 2016.
;;0.34;;(ap photo) prime minister narendramodi , as he arrives for a working dinner with heads of delegations for the nuclear security summit at the white house in washington march 31, 2016.
;;-0.9201;;(ap photo)in a veiled attack on pakistan, prime minister narendramodi said state actors working with nuclear traffickers and terrorists present the greatest risk to nuclear security as he called for dropping the notion that his terrorist is not my terrorist.
;;-0.6705;;ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to bharuch to inaugurate the cable-stayed bridge on tuesday, bharuch police detained hundreds of likely protesters, including anganwadi workers, bhilistan tiger sena members, congress workers and contractors who had made toilet blocks in different villages and whose bills were not paid.
;;0.7964;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday congratulated india womens hockey team after they won the asian champions trophy hockey tournament.
;;0.0772;;the supreme court-appointed-special investigation team (sit) on monday said that it never had the mandate to probe the larger conspiracy,involving chief minister narendramodi and others,in the post-godhra riots in 2002.
;;0.0;;the bjp parliamentary board under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi is empowered to choose the cm.
;;0.6124;;we have proposed to use this land effectively for the industrial development of the state under public sector enterprises, he said, adding that prime minister narendramodi agreed to the proposal.
;;-0.2263;;e t mohammed basheer, an indian union muslim league (iuml) member, today claimed in lok sabha that three women village heads (sarpanch) from kerala were allegedly stopped from attending prime minister narendramodi modis event at gandhinagar for wearing hijab (veil).
;;-0.7269;;jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti on wednesday met prime minister narendramodi and discussed the situation in the state in wake of mounting tensions between india and pakistan and repeated ceasefire violations by the latter along the loc and international border.
;;-0.5106;;(file)taking on the nda government for failing to keep a check on the rising cases of rapes of minors, congress president rahul gandhi on monday asked prime minister narendramodi to fast track those cases if he is serious about giving justice to indias daughters.
;;-0.765;;police inaction and the silence or delayed response of political leaders, from prime minister narendramodi to jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti and uttar pradeshs yogi adityanath, intensified anger among people.
;;-0.7269;;b'days after prime minister narendramodi said that many anti-social elements are involved in harassing people in the name of cow protection, alleged gau rakshaks in surat waylaid a tempo sunday night on suspicion of carrying beef and beat up its 62-year-old driver, who has a municipal contract to carry animal remains.
;;0.0;;last month, prime minister narendramodi , speaking at an event in delhi, urged members of the muslim community to not politicise the issue.
;;-0.9423;;the central bureau of investigation (cbi) is on the lookout for a specific intelligence dossier reportedly on sadiq jamal mehtar  the bhavnagar boy who was killed in an alleged fake encounter by gujarat police in 2003,by branding him a terrorist out to kill chief minister narendramodi and other saffron leaders.
;;0.4404;;former prime minister and jd(s) supremo h d deve gowda will be attending prime minister (designate) narendramodi modis swearing-in ceremony on monday.
;;0.0;;devegowdaji has received the personal invitation of narendramodi and would be attending swearing-in ceremony jd-s spokesperson ramesh babu said in a statement.
;;0.3182;;advertisingtaking a jibe at prime minister narendramodi modis promise of making india a $5 trillion economy, singhvi said, modi jis twitter followers have crossed 50 million.
;;0.0;;prime minister prime minister narendramodi at hyderabad house in new delhi.
;;0.8074;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi has approved the proposal for grant of organized group a service (ogas) to group a executive cadre officers of central armed police forces (capfs) and extension of benefit of non-functional financial upgradation (nffu) and non-functional selection grade (nfsg), a pib statement said.
;;0.0129;;pawar said he had taken up the issue with the prime minister narendramodi many times and the matter was also raised in the parliament, but the government is yet to respond to it.
;;-0.6705;;the election commission (ec) friday cleared prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah in four complaints of alleged violation of the model code of conduct (mcc), of which at least one decision was not unanimous.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will receive hollande at the most iconic of chandigarhs landmarks, the rock garden, before they head out to the capitol complex, built by the citys planner, french-swiss architect le corbusier.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi has assured chancellor angela merkel that his government would consider how the issue of the scrapping of german as third language in kendriya vidyalayas could be resolved within the framework of the indian system.
;;0.1513;;asked if indias reported decision to boycott the brf would undermine the new momentum generated by last years informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping, wang said the two leaders had a very successful meeting at wuhan.
;;-0.296;;(source: pti/file)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said the opposition has no real issue against his government and defended the decision to advance presentation of the union budget, to be tabled on wednesday, saying it will facilitate execution of more development work.
;;0.6428;;the bjps single point agenda for meghalaya is prime minister narendramodi modis sabka saath sabka vikas and it is gearing up to contest the assembly elections on this positive agenda of development, he said.
;;0.5574;;(source: ap photo)al nahyan, also deputy supreme commander of the uae armed forces, was seated next to prime minister narendramodi who wore a pink color safa (turban).
;;0.0;;president president pranab mukherjee , prime minister narendramodi with general sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, crown prince of adu dhabi at rajpath in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has already said that for the 2020 olympics in tokyo, we should start the preparations, he said.
;;0.3612;;even as the sena chose to assuage the gujarati communitys fears by inducting a senior gujarati community leader from the bjp, gujaratis in the city themselves seemed to think that while they continue to be staunch supporters of prime minister narendramodi , the upcoming union budget will play a key role in deciding which way their vote swings for the local body polls.
;;0.0;;following his first meeting with prime minister narendramodi after the lok sabha polls, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal said he had spoken about how the delhi governments health scheme was bigger and wider in scope in comparison with the centres ayushman bharat.
;;-0.4019;;(express archive)the babri masjid action committee (bmac) today said an out-of-court settlement of the ayodhya dispute was not possible with prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi aditya nath at the helm of affairs.
;;0.6249;;with prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi aditya nath at the helm of affairs, there is no hope that justice will prevail with the muslims.
;;0.0;;a day after chief minister narendramodi announced a three-day fast for sadbhavna mission,both the gujarat bjp and the state machinery were busy with preparations on wednesday.
;;-0.7964;;two separate petitions seeking criminal proceedings against chief minister narendramodi for contempt of court were filed on monday in the gujarat high court over his recent letter to the prime minister in which he had called upon him to intervene in the matter of the states lokayuktas appointment.
;;0.0;;(express photo by: prashant ravi)thus far, prime minister narendramodi had done most of the talking and the asking of questions.
;;0.3818;;tamil nadu chief minister k palaniswami had on march 23 written to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention to ensure the release of the fishermen and 131 boats in the custody of sri lanka.
;;-0.1531;;pm narendramodi conducts aerial survey of #cyclonefani affected areas in odisha.
;;-0.5719;;pm narendramodi spoke of things no prime minister had dared to do  open defecation, sanitation, public hygiene and the appalling condition of indias daughters.
;;-0.5719;;(source: pti photo) pm narendramodi spoke of things no prime minister had dared to do  open defecation, sanitation, public hygiene and the appalling condition of indias daughters.
;;0.0;;the 13th assembly, so far, has witnessed three chief ministers  narendramodi , anandiben patel and vijay rupani  and this is unusual in the gujarat politics as the state witnessed single-handed reign of modi since 2001.
;;-0.296;;questionable gadgetsgujarat pcc chief arjun modhwadia is hardly a match for chief minister narendramodi politically.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is talking about vikas (development) and working to bring development to such areas.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will attend a mega rally to address the indian diaspora in houston, texas, this weekend.
;;-0.6096;;(source: pti/file)the congress on monday staged a walkout in lok sabha on the issue of attacks on dalits and hit out at prime minister narendramodi for not being serious over the issue.
;;-0.5574;;two days after prime minister narendramodi urged the people to shun single-use plastic from october 2, yuva sena chief aaditya thackeray on saturday urged the pm to draft legislation to ban such products across the country.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa will call on prime minister narendramodi on june 3.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday said that mobile phones were banned from his meetings because he often found officers checking social media sites in the midst of official discussions.
;;0.0;;kalimullah, who has orchards in the mango belt of malihabad on the outskirts of up capital lucknow, had also named a mango after prime minister narendramodi in 2015.
;;0.5574;;he received fulsome praise from prime minister narendramodi , who attended the concluding event in amarkantak.
;;0.0;;when asked whether the lok sabha polls will be a contest between gujarat chief minister narendramodi and rahul gandhi for prime ministers post,he dismissed the query.
;;0.3818;;(source: express photo by gurmeet singh)with prime minister narendramodi expected to visit here on august 28, work is on at full swing to ensure that the historic dhudike village in moga district is covered by wi-fi services before the pms visit.
;;-0.3321;;the project was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in december 2016 and its implementation began last year, so it makes no sense to say that the amendment to double development charges be only after the notification declaring the project as vital urban transport project, he said.
;;0.5994;;during his visit to the indian ocean island states in early 2015, prime minister narendramodi affirmed indias commitment to take on a larger role in securing the indian ocean.
;;0.2235;;i think indian society and the people of jammu and kashmir are now awakened enough to understand the designs and therefore, there is nothing that can derail the development journey which has been started by prime minister narendramodi across the country, including j&k, singh said.
;;0.8074;;national security adviser ajit dovals beijing visit during the last week of july, president donald trumps new south asia doctrine, united kingdom and japan standing firmly with india, the 19th communist party congress in november where xi jinping hopes to return for another term as president and reports of prime minister narendramodi skipping the 2017 xiamen brics summit, combined to break the deadlock.
;;0.3818;;stating that the elected councillors will work for a delhi as envisioned by prime minister narendramodi , the manifesto promises to make delhi garbage-free, provide social welfare cards for unorganised sector to access insurance, healthcare facilities, and to introduce a new scheme for welfare of rickshaw and e-rickshaw drivers.
;;0.8625;;the nc leader asked prime minister narendramodi to emulate the spirit of vajpayee, who too belonged to his party, and start a new era of trust and friendship in the region.
;;0.0;;b'belgiums prime minister charles michel, right, and indias prime minister narendramodi inspects the troops prior to a meeting at the egmont palace in brussels.
;;0.0;;(ap photo) belgiums prime minister charles michel, right, and indias prime minister narendramodi inspects the troops prior to a meeting at the egmont palace in brussels.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@minpres) narendramodi along with his dutch counterpart mark rutte.
;;0.6249;;(source: twitter/@minpres)prime minister narendramodi on thursday held wide-ranging talks with his dutch counterpart mark rutte during which both sides decided to deepen engagement in a range of areas including trade, investment, energy and agriculture.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi will visit the isro headquarters in bengaluru tonight to witness the ambitious lunar mission chandrayaan-2s historic soft landing on the moon early saturday.
;;0.0;;the decisions were taken at the cabinet meeting headed by prime minister narendramodi , sources said.
;;-0.4019;;both prime minister narendramodi and arvind kejriwal, are experts at misleading the people.
;;0.0;;bharuch-based muslim leader asifa khan,who switched from the congress to the bjp on chief minister narendramodi modis behest days before the 2012 assembly elections,has now been elevated as a member of bjp minority morchas national executive member.
;;-0.5994;;earlier, president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi condoled the death of the spiritual guru.
;;-0.5267;;jammu-kashmir bjp in-charge avinash rai khanna (file photo) jammu-kashmir bjp in-charge avinash rai khanna (file photo)bjp in-charge of jammu and kashmir avinash rai khanna today said congress has become frustrated and issueless and is opposing demonetisation and other steps taken the narendramodi government to root out black money and corruption just for the sake of it.
;;0.5267;;but prime minister narendramodi assumed office with a resolve to check corruption and eradicate black money.
;;-0.7717;;personnel traveling in the vehicle were returning from leave to their camp in palodi (pti photo) personnel traveling in the vehicle were returning from leave to their camp in palodi (pti photo)soon after the attack, prime minister narendramodi said, the nation stands shoulder to shoulder with them in this hour of grief, while home minister rajnath singh directed bhatnagar to immediately rush to chhattisgarh.
;;0.3182;;hours after chief minister mamata banerjee called on prime minister narendramodi in delhi, opposition on wednesday parties in west bengal questioned the timing of the meeting.
;;-0.6369;;earlier she used to abuse prime minister narendramodi on every occasion.
;;-0.8519;;(source: twitter/pmoindia)shiv sena on monday cast doubts on the alleged plot to kill prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis saying that it was a mystery thriller film story and that such threats to politicians usually surface ahead of the polls.
;;0.4019;;however, this time, prime minister narendramodi had expressed his desire to hold it in chandigarh.
;;0.0;;as many as 27 governors and three lt governors of states and union territories, president ram nath kovind, vice-president m venkaiah naidu, prime minister narendramodi , union home minister rajnath singh and other ministers were to attend the conference.
;;0.0;;he (rupani) recalled that the campaign was initiated by prime minister narendramodi when he was the chief minister.
;;0.8176;;(source: pti)with prime minister narendramodi listening, chief minister mehbooba mufti today asked him to give hope to the kashmiri youth about creating new jammu and kashmir since he is a courageous leader who does whatever he decides.
;;-0.2057;;erdogans meeting with pm narendramodi on monday came in the shadow of his comments on kashmir that were not well received in india.
;;-0.2057;;(file photo) erdogans meeting with pm narendramodi on monday came in the shadow of his comments on kashmir that were not well received in india.
;;-0.2057;;erdogans meeting with prime minister narendramodi on monday came in the shadow of his comments on kashmir that were not well received in india.
;;-0.2023;;sharma had posted a tweet tagging prime minister narendramodi and claiming that bmc officers had asked him for a bribe of rs 5 lakh for an extension to his office.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressing the media on the first day of budget session in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;pti photo by vijay kumar joshi prime minister narendramodi addressing the media on the first day of budget session in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;pti photo by vijay kumar joshipm narendramodi takes a dig at rahul gandhis earthquake remark, says nation felt tremors on mondayprime minister narendramodi began his address in parliament on tuesday with a dig at congress vice-president rahul gandhi over his earthquake remark.
;;0.3182;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal new delhi)congress on monday dismissed as shooting from the hip prime minister narendramodi modis call for a dialogue to find a lasting solution to the unrest in kashmir valley which is on the boil for 44 days.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi on sunday gifted saudi king salman bin abdulaziz a gold-plated replica of keralas cheraman juma masjid, believed to be the first mosque built in india by arab traders around 629 ad.
;;0.0;;(source: ani)on the occasion of maha shivratri, prime minister narendramodi on friday unveiled a 112-foot-tall shiva statue in coimbatore, tamil nadu.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi speaking at the unveiling of the shiva statue.
;;0.0;;(source: ani) prime minister narendramodi speaking at the unveiling of the shiva statue.
;;0.4588;;despite the fact that a large number of tourists from gujarat had gone to uttarakhand,the state government made its first offer of help on june 19,three days after the cloud burst and heavy floods ravaged the pilgrim centres there,according to a briefing given by chief minister narendramodi to governor dr kamala.
;;0.0;;advertisingjaishankar is accompanying prime minister narendramodi for the g20 summit being held in this japanese port city.
;;0.0;;read full story herepm modi asks ministers to submit details of tours of 3 monthsprime minister prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi at a recent cabinet meeting has given a directive to his ministerial colleagues to give details of tours, if any, undertaken by them during the last three months.
;;0.0;;kamals suitability for the position of chairman of chalachitra academy is his opposition to prime minister narendramodi , he had said.
;;0.0;;rohtak deputy commissioner r s verma told the indian express that responding to prime minister narendramodi modis call for a plastic-free india, the administration decided to make arrangements for a plastic-free rally.
;;-0.1531;;(source: pti)he is no longer a part the amateur boxing circuit but concerned about the shambolic state of its administration in india, professional star vijender singh on wednesday took up the issue with prime minister narendramodi in a meeting in new delhi.
;;0.8581;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday thanked crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohamed bin zayed al nahyan to be the chief guest at the republic day parade next year and said his visit will give a very strong boost to bilateral ties.
;;-0.4588;;india on thursday rejected a pakistani media report claiming new delhi is ready for talks with islamabad, saying prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister s jaishankar made no such reference in their response to congratulatory messages from their counterparts in that country.
;;0.0;;a dinosaur park, named after the 22-foot rajasaurus dinosaurs believed to have roamed the narmada valley about 65 million years ago, is among the 30-odd projects planned at kevadia colony  near the statue of unity (sou)  that are expected to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on october 31.
;;0.0;;after prime minister narendramodi took up the cause of balochistan, baluni got a call from sweden-based radio gwank for his comments for their bulletin.
;;0.0;;the congress leader alleged that even former rbi governor raghuram rajan had sent a five-page note to prime minister narendramodi opposing demonetisation, following which he was shown the door unceremoniously.
;;-0.9169;;(source: ap)two co-chairs of the senate india caucus, in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , have strongly condemned the uri terror attack and said they will work within the us congress to put pressure on pakistan to end any association with terror groups targetting india.
;;0.34;;both prime minister narendramodi and up chief minister akhilesh yadav bet on new investment to revive the economy.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah at the bjp central election committee meeting in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;(prem nath pandey) prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah at the bjp central election committee meeting in new delhi on sunday.
;;-0.6369;;this provision is known to have been invoked only once: in march 2005, it was used to exclude then-chief minister narendramodi of gujarat state in india due to his complicity in riots in his state in 2002 that resulted in the deaths of an estimated 1,100 to 2,000 muslims, it claimed.
;;0.0;;us president donald trump may travel to houston for a meeting with prime minister narendramodi on september 22, the sunday express has learnt.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, mp governor anandiben patel and union minister narendramodi singh tomar at mandla in madhya pradesh on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, mp governor anandiben patel and union minister narendramodi singh tomar at mandla in madhya pradesh on tuesday.
;;-0.8402;;(pti photo)referring to the central governments ordinance on capital punishment for people convicted of raping girls aged 12 or below, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said there is now a government in delhi that listens to the people and takes decisions accordingly.
;;0.8271;;rajya sabha mp ram jethmalani saturday showered praise on chief minister narendramodi and said he should become the prime minister of the country,as his integrity and administrative efficiency are both absolutely unquestionable.
;;-0.0258;;after honestly surveying the political scene,i have come to one conclusion that the mood of the nation requires that we must have mr narendramodi as future prime minister, jethmalani,who was suspended from bjp on disciplinary grounds late last year,said while addressing a press conference here.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was present in the house during the passage of the bill.
;;0.0;;the indian list of wanted people was handed over to britain during the bilateral talks between prime minister narendramodi and his counterpart theresa may.
;;-0.3182;;b'describing the recent changes in upsc exam pattern as a language bias against gujarati,chief minister narendramodi today demanded that prime minister dr manmohan singh should intervene and reverse the changes.
;;0.4019;;speaking at the inauguration of the first maritime india summit in mumbai on thursday, prime minister narendramodi said over the last two years major ports have awarded 56 new projects with an investment of more than rs 250 billion.
;;-0.802;;b'raking up the 2002 post-godhra riots issue,congress today appeared to compare gujarat chief minister narendramodi with yamraj,the lord of death in hindu mythology.
;;0.0;;had he intended to indicate narendramodi he would not have referred to somebody riding a horse but somebody riding a buffalo (yamas vehicle).
;;0.7184;;addressing the gatherings in village naushera naal banda and foolda, the chief minister asserted that under the dynamic and visionary leadership of prime minister narendramodi , the nda-government would serve the country for minimum 25 years.
;;0.5423;;officials sources told chandigarh newsline on saturday the institute administration had learnt that award ceremony would be held on september 30 and prime minister narendramodi was likely to attend the ceremony.
;;-0.9217;;(express photo: amit mehra)days after prime minister narendramodi attacked him in parliament, congress vice-president rahul gandhi on monday accused the bjp government of crushing the weak and the poor who demand their rights.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, the sp patron also mentioned that prime minister narendramodi during one of his election rallies in kannauj had also echoed the same sentiment.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in wuhan in april.
;;0.0;;(ap) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in wuhan in april.
;;0.9136;;(ap)china on monday welcomed prime minister narendramodi modis remarks in singapore that the two countries have shown maturity and wisdom in resolving issues and ensuring a peaceful border.
;;0.7269;;read | pm narendramodi in singapore: asia will have a better future if india, china work togetherhua recalled the recently held informal meeting between pm modi and chinese president xi jinping at wuhan in beijing and said the two nations had come to an agreement on several issues during this period.
;;0.6486;;incumbents of the now plush new chief ministers office (cmo) will tell you how chief minister narendramodi works on an algorithmic programme controlled by a special software that helps his office decide and strategise his itinerary.
;;0.0;;his contact with the outside world is mostly by facebook and twitter or his official portal narendramodi.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi is intensely campaigning in karnataka ahead of polls.
;;0.0;;(express photo by dasarath deka) prime minister narendramodi is intensely campaigning in karnataka ahead of polls.
;;0.6808;;(express photo by dasarath deka)prime minister narendramodi addressed a bjp rally in the central karnataka district of davangere and promised relief for farmers if it comes to power in the forthcoming polls.
;;0.4215;;this week, prime minister narendramodi and sheikh hasina have an opportunity to take some big steps to advance that agenda.
;;0.5267;;pande has also annexed a letter dated september 1,2011,from chief minister narendramodi to the prime minister,seeking recall of beniwal for appointing justice (retired) r a mehta as lokayukta of gujarat without consulting the council of ministers headed by the cm.
;;0.8779;;drop in for free modi tattooas news of modis elevation in the bjp spread,a commercial tattoo artist from ghatkopar in mumbai saw an opportunity and posted on the pages of a popular social networking site that he would provide a permanent tattoo of narendramodi free of cost at his ghatkopar studio.
;;0.4939;;vaghelas glee at advani plightchief minister narendramodi seems to have found supporters from unexpected quarters in his tacit war with his political mentor l k advani.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (l) and tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi (l) and tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami.
;;0.0;;the concept of air connectivity between various smaller towns in gujarat having a lot of economic activities was born during a discussion with chief minister narendramodi nearly a year ago, dcl chairman g r gopinath told the indian express on wednesday,adding that the cm suggested me to start intra-state air connectivity.
;;-0.875;;this organisation has fomented communal polarisation, spread communal hatred, caused riotsas a mark of protest against the demolition of lenins statue in tripura on monday, protesters belonging to socialist unity centre of india (suci) burned the effigy of prime minister as a mark of protest against the demolition of lenins statue in tripura on monday, protesters belonging to socialist unity centre of india (suci) burned the effigy of prime minister narendramodi in kolkata on tuesday.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi paid floral tributes to the bust of mahatma gandhi during his visit to constitutional hill in johannesburg on friday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi paid floral tributes to the bust of mahatma gandhi during his visit to constitutional hill in johannesburg on friday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)while addressing the indian diaspora in johannesburg on friday, prime minister narendramodi noted that south africa was the place where mahatma gandhi conceptualised his politics and it is the birthplace of satyagraha.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi chairing the 3rd governing council meet of the niti aayog, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi chairing the 3rd governing council meet of the niti aayog, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;the source further said a large number of chief ministers are attending the meeting because prime minister narendramodi had refused to allow their official representatives to participate in the deliberations.
;;0.1027;;(express photo)the congress today sought to deflate prime minister narendramodi modis claim of 7 per cent gdp growth, saying the countrys economy is stagnant with no investments coming in.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi earlier today chaired the meeting of inter-state council in the national capital.
;;-0.34;;chief minister narendramodi may have raised the pitch in blaming the central government about delaying sardar sarovar project clearances to raise the height of the dam and its holding capacity,but the state government itself has moved at snails pace in laying the canal network,which is equally important to achieve full potential of the project.
;;0.4019;;advertisinglast night, prime minister narendramodi , in an address to the nation after his government revoked the states special status and bifurcated it into two union territories, asked the youth of j&k to step forward and take up its political leadership.
;;-0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi condoled the demise of hardev singh terming it as a tragic and great loss to the spiritual world.
;;-0.7351;;prime minister narendramodi expressed anguish over the loss of lives in the incident that took place in motihari.
;;-0.0772;;mehbooba also blamed pakistan for the deteriorating relations between the neighbours and praised prime minister narendramodi modis pakistan policy and his recent remarks that a solution to the kashmir problem can be found through (atal bihari) vajpayee-jis doctrine of democracy and humanity.
;;0.7096;;pm narendramodi started his mann ki baat address on sunday by talking about encouraging the indian contingent for rio olympics by organising programs like the run for rio campaign that took place in new delhi this morning.
;;0.5106;;here are some of the highlights from this months mann ki baat address:*prime minister narendramodi said that they would start many events to encourage the indian contingent for rio olympics.
;;0.9136;;prime minister narendramodi was honoured with the order of zayed, the uaes highest civilian award, on saturday as a mark of appreciation for his efforts to boost bilateral ties between the two nations.
;;0.8591;;in a tweet in april, the crown prince of abu dhabi, mohamed bin zayed al nahyan, said, we have historical and comprehensive strategic ties with india, reinforced by the pivotal role of my dear friend, prime minister narendramodi , who gave these relations a big boost.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will be asked for the definition of national and anti-national.
;;-0.0258;;former union minister and senior congress leader p chidambaram on friday applauded prime minister narendramodi for flagging the dangers of population explosion, calling for a campaign against single-use plastic, and exhorting that wealth creators should not be eyed with suspicion.
;;-0.3237;;prime minister narendramodi broke his silence last saturday to make a political statement  about the opportunity being lost, because of the overhang of terror, to make this truly asias century.
;;0.6249;;pawar shares a good relation with prime minister narendramodi and he should discuss with the pm and bjp president amit shah about his candidature.
;;0.7351;;a meeting of the cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , gave its approval for signing and subsequent ratification of the agreement on transfer of sentenced persons between india and somalia.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping visit an exhibition at hubei provincial museum, in wuhan, china on friday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti /pib) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping visit an exhibition at hubei provincial museum, in wuhan, china on friday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti /pib)prime minister narendramodi on saturday said he held extensive and fruitful talks with chinese president xi jinping during their first round of two-day informal summit here.
;;0.296;;watch what else is in the newsprime minister narendramodi , according to sources, has given his consent for a legislation-backed rda on the lines of the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai).
;;0.3182;;the all-party meeting in which prime minister narendramodi made a fresh pitch for one country-one election marked a flawed start to a process of deliberation on this issue in his second term.
;;0.0;;the governments tenure came in for close scrutiny at the bjps parliamentary board meeting which was attended by gujarat chief minister narendramodi for the first time since being made a member of the highest decision-making body on march 31.
;;0.4019;;it was due to the dalit community that the party came to power at the centre and only prime minister narendramodi was working for their welfare, shah said, addressing a swabhiman mahsammelan organised by bjps scheduled caste morcha in lucknow.
;;0.25;;if all the castes have to get laptops, it could be done by bjp only because prime minister narendramodi has vision of sabka saath-sabka vikas, said shah.
;;0.4767;;my thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends, prime minister narendramodi tweeted.
;;0.1531;;advertisingmp public relations minister p c sharma had on tuesday accused gujarat of continuing to store water in the sardar sarovar dam to ensure it reaches a full level ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis birthday on tuesday.
;;0.1779;;earlier today,after talks with chief minister narendramodi on the nirma plant issue failed,gandhian chunibhai vaidya (96) announced that their movement would continue even if the mahuva issue was resolved.
;;0.1531;;the protestors raised a protest against prime minister narendramodi , petroleum minister pradhan and assams newly elected chief minister sarbananda sonowal for allegedly going back on their promises made during the recent assam assembly elections.
;;0.0;;b'aditya verma wrote a letter to narendramodi on thursday.
;;0.0;;(source: file) aditya verma wrote a letter to narendramodi on thursday.
;;-0.6486;;(source: file)aditya verma, the petitioner in the ipl spot-fixing scandal, has written to prime minister narendramodi warning that the enactment of the sports bill could result in the government taking control of the bcci.
;;0.0258;;after home minister rajnath singhs meeting with prime minister narendramodi on tuesday, briefing him on the separatists leaders refusal to hold talks with the all-party delegation, the central government indicated that it would toughen its stand against the separatist leaders.
;;0.4588;;(express photo by amit mehra)when he travels to sweden this week, prime minister narendramodi will be confirming a new trend in indian diplomacy  collective engagement with key regional groups.
;;0.8807;;co/4ynwqyzime  narendramodi (@narendramodi) september 20, 2019the announcements in the last few weeks clearly demonstrate that our government is leaving no stone unturned to make india a better place to do business, improve opportunities for all sections of society and increase prosperity to make india a $5 trillion economy, he stated.
;;-0.5213;;faced with mounting criticism from the opposition and several social groups over a delay in filing a review petition, prime minister narendramodi on friday assured that his government would not allow dilution of the scheduled caste and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
;;-0.5994;;rajya sabha mp parimal nathwani has written to prime minister narendramodi and gujarat chief minister vijay rupani, requesting their intervention in a recent order of the national green tribunal (ngt) that imposed an interim nationwide ban on the use of glass-coated manja for flying kites.
;;0.0;;she said because of the concerted efforts of prime minister narendramodi and the chief minister, kurukshetra was being developed under the shri krishna circuit and for this, the state government has allocated about rs 100 crore.
;;0.5574;;asked about the supreme courts recent ruling that allegedly diluted the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, the minister said he would request prime minister narendramodi to bring an ordinance on this issue.
;;0.4215;;the law (sc/st act) was enacted by the parliament the government has submitted a review petition and, if the need arises, i will request prime minister narendramodi to bring an ordinance for the purpose, the union minister said, adding that 90 per cent cases of atrocities against dalits were true.
;;0.6908;;he dared the centre to disclose the content of the framework agreement as assured by prime minister narendramodi during his visit to manipur.
;;0.1779;;chief minister devendra fadnavis will request prime minister narendramodi to extend a separate package of rs 8,000 crore for the gosikhurd national irrigation project in vidarbha region.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi , home minister amit shah and defence minister rajnath singh were also among the bjp members who took oath as mps on the first day of the newly-elected lok sabha.
;;-0.6369;;chief minister narendramodi on sunday accused governor kamla beniwal of rejecting a bill providing 50 per cent reservation to women in local government bodies despite being a woman herself.
;;-0.6124;;delhi: pm narendramodi pays tribute to security personnel who lost their lives in encounters with terrorists in j&k yesterday pic.
;;0.0;;b'the development came a day after prime minister narendramodi decided not to attend the saarc summit, which was scheduled to take place in november, due to the prevailing circumstances.
;;0.0;;the development came a day after prime minister narendramodi decided not to attend the saarc summit, which was scheduled to take place in november, due to the prevailing circumstances.
;;0.0;;the development came a day after prime minister narendramodi decided not to attend the saarc summit, which was scheduled to take place in november, due to the prevailing circumstances.
;;0.3612;;after india decided not to use the pakistani airspace for prime minister narendramodi modis flight to bishkek to attend the sco summit, islamabad said wednesday that they are ready to open their airspace specifically for prime minister narendramodi modis vvip flight to bikshek to attend the sco summit.
;;0.4939;;no surprise that chief minister narendramodi travelled 4,000 kms across 125-odd assembly constituencies during his month-long swami vivekananda yuva vikas yatra that he began on september 11 to mark the 150th birth anniversary of the spiritual leader and a revered icon.
;;-0.3612;;with his party coming under attack from prime minister narendramodi over the gangrape of a dalit woman in rajasthan, congress president rahul gandhi would travel to alwar on wednesday and is likely to meet the family members of the victim.
;;-0.5994;;jaipal singhover two months after thousands of workers of pinjores hindustan machine tools (hmt) factory carried out a massive protest march from pinjore to panchkula, the workers are all set to carry out another such protest march on june 21 demanding revival of the factory when prime minister narendramodi is slated to visit chandigarh.
;;-0.4767;;the party targeted the bjp leaders who have been named by the victim in her complaint and accused prime minister narendramodi of making womens security a poll issue in uttar pradesh while ignoring it in the bjp-ruled states, including gujarat.
;;0.2382;;referring to his meeting with prime minister narendramodi on the issue, amarinder pointed out this was not the first time he had met modi to demand waiver of farm loans, which the congress was committed to securing for farmers not just in punjab but around the country.
;;0.5719;;indore bjp in a huddle; hc orders razing of building at centre of rowon the day prime minister narendramodi disapproved of akash vijayvargiyas conduct, the indore bjp, which celebrated his release from jail, went into a huddle.
;;0.0;;one of the laureates, richard roberts (1993 nobel in physiology or medicine), lauded the fact that pm narendramodi is pro-gm who recognises the possibilities of gm crops.
;;0.7184;;in may this year, chief justice of india ranjan gogoi had written a letter to prime minister narendramodi , in which he sought to increase the number of judges and raise the retirement age of high court judges to 65 years.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi is making major strides in energising india through solar power.
;;0.6597;;(ap photo)less than six weeks after prime ministers narendramodi and nawaz sharif agreed to restart the india-pakistan peace process in a quiet meeting in paris, their audacious effort is at risk of being reduced to ashes by the fires lit in pathankot.
;;0.0;;72 km, out of which an over 9 km-section between dilshad garden in east delhi and new bus adda in ghaziabad was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in march.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with indonesian president joko widodo.
;;0.0;;(file) prime minister narendramodi with indonesian president joko widodo.
;;0.0;;might prime minister narendramodi modis visit to indonesia next week change the fortunes of the bilateral relationship?
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi on his four-nation tour to germany, spain, russia and france.
;;0.0;;(source: narendramodi modi/twitter) prime minister narendramodi on his four-nation tour to germany, spain, russia and france.
;;-0.6808;;(source: narendramodi modi/twitter)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said india and russia are natural partners in fighting terrorism and the two countries must strive to broaden their ties which have withstood the test of time.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi after casting his vote in guajrat.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo) prime minister narendramodi after casting his vote in guajrat.
;;0.0;;for the 12 years that narendramodi was chief minister (2002-2014), gujarat did not see this kind of unrest.
;;0.0;;between 1995 to 2001, gujarat had seen four chief ministers but after the elevation of narendramodi in october 2001, he remained in office until 2014 (before becoming the prime minister of india).
;;0.0;;art of taking bath wearing raincoat can be learnt from manmohan singh: pm modiprime minister narendramodi took a dig at former prime minister narendramodi during his speech in rajya sabha on wednesday evening.
;;0.0;;read moreprime minister narendramodi in rajya sabha.
;;0.0;;(source: ani photo) prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabha.
;;0.2732;;declining the invitation to all-party meet called by prime minister narendramodi , bsp supremo mayawati wednesday said she would have attended the event if it was to address a national concern over evms. she described the idea of simultaneous lok sabha and assembly polls as a ploy to divert attention from issues like poverty.
;;0.6597;;advertisingprime minister narendramodi hosted an all-party meeting on wednesday to garner support for the one nation, one election idea, where he invited the presidents of all political parties having representatives in lok sabha and rajya sabha to new delhi.
;;0.0;;indian prime minister narendramodi speaks at the st. petersburg international economic forum in st. petersburg, russia, friday, june 2, 2017.
;;0.0;;(tass news agency pool photo via ap) indian prime minister narendramodi speaks at the st. petersburg international economic forum in st. petersburg, russia, friday, june 2, 2017.
;;0.4404;;(tass news agency pool photo via ap)prime minister narendramodi on friday chose to steer clear from taking sides on us decision to withdraw from the landmark paris climate deal.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had earlier met prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.7269;;earlier, pm narendramodi had strongly condemned the blast and underlined the need for defeating forces supporting terrorism.
;;-0.7269;;(representational image) earlier, pm narendramodi had strongly condemned the blast and underlined the need for defeating forces supporting terrorism.
;;-0.7269;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi had strongly condemned the blast and underlined the need for defeating forces supporting terrorism.
;;0.6249;;in the intervening period, national security advisor ajit doval visited myanmar as a special envoy of prime minister narendramodi on june 16, 2016, and minister of state for commerce and industry nirmala sitharaman led a high-level business delegation to the eastern neighbour for the india-myanmar business conclave on may 18-20, 2016.
;;0.0;;although the shadow of pakistan followed him to the bishkek summit of the shanghai cooperation organisation last week, prime minister narendramodi had bigger fish to fry at the forum that is constructing a new region, now widely described as eurasia.
;;-0.128;;citing security reasons, air india had denied divulging information on prime minister narendramodi modis visits abroad.
;;-0.128;;(file photo) citing security reasons, air india had denied divulging information on prime minister narendramodi modis visits abroad.
;;0.0;;(file photo)rejecting air indias claim that details of prime minister narendramodi modis foreign visits are confidential in a fiduciary capacity, the central information commissioner (cic) has sought financial records from the company.
;;0.6808;;(source:pti)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday freely mingled with leaders of various opposition parties as he attended the rajya sabha proceedings.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with french president emmanuel macron in delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with french president emmanuel macron in delhi.
;;0.2732;;india stepped up efforts at positioning itself as a global climate leader at the first conference of the international solar alliance (isa) sunday, with prime minister narendramodi pledging to generate 175 gigawatts (gw) of electricity from renewable energy sources by 2022, including 100 gw from solar and 60 gw from wind.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with french president emmanuel macron before their meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(express photo/amit mehra) prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with french president emmanuel macron before their meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
;;-0.0096;;(file photo)shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on tuesday hit out at prime minister narendramodi over his policies including demonetisation, saying it does not matter how wide his chest is, but he should have a heart inside.
;;0.0;;more than 170 countries have taken up the exercise after prime minister narendramodi urged people to make yoga a mass movement, the vice president claimed.
;;-0.7096;;in another incident in kolkata activists burnt the effigy of narendramodi to protest against netaji subhas chandra bose death issue on sarturday.
;;-0.7096;;( pti photo/file) in another incident in kolkata activists burnt the effigy of narendramodi to protest against netaji subhas chandra bose death issue on sarturday.
;;-0.25;;( pti photo/file)congress workers on monday burnt an effigy of prime minister narendramodi in amethi to protest the alleged defacement of a statue of former prime minister rajiv gandhi, who was an elected representative of the constituency.
;;-0.4588;;in the last few days, kejriwal has again started attacking prime minister narendramodi on a range of issues.
;;0.1027;;this was done to shield chief minister narendramodi from prosecution in a case in the supreme court,he claimed.
;;0.1695;;lets also not forget how our prime minister narendramodi , as gujarat chief minister, added the suffix miyan to congress leader ahmed patels name during the 2012 election campaign.
;;0.4767;;at his election rally in sanglis tasgaon sunday, prime minister narendramodi referred to staunch hindutva activist sambhaji bhide (guruji) as one of his inspirations.
;;0.0096;;as prime minister narendramodi had urged in that meeting to work relentlessly for socio-economic transformation of society and address the concerns of muslim women not by creating conflict but through discussions, the state executive may also pass a resolution in this regard.
;;-0.3182;;the congress on saturday alleged that intolerance, confrontation, and vendetta is part of prime minister narendramodi modis dna and refuted the claims made by him in an interview.
;;0.0;;b'for india, nepal is the punya bhoomi, as prime minister narendramodi often reminds us.
;;0.0;;for india, nepal is the punya bhoomi, as prime minister narendramodi often reminds us.
;;0.0;;for india, nepal is the punya bhoomi, as prime minister narendramodi often reminds us.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has gone to pakistan three-four times.
;;0.0;;after women,poor and minorities,chief minister narendramodi seems to be eying the young voters of gujarat.
;;0.0;;singh in his capacity as the clp leader forwarded the request to prime minister narendramodi yesterday, it said.
;;0.6015;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by renuka puri) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by renuka puri)even though steps taken by the modi government have not accelerated growth, they will benefit over the medium term, and bank npas and job creation demand greater focus of the administration now on, a report said today.
;;0.0;;the former india cricketer who idolises prime minister narendramodi quit the rajya sabha this week.
;;0.4404;;after the withdrawal of the life saving drug, children living with hiv had written to prime minister narendramodi seeking his help in the matter, the reports said.
;;-0.4754;;she drew attention to prime minister narendramodi modis speech at the red fort where he said people were extremely cautious when it came to girls, the time they should return home and who they were going out with and stressed that equal advice is required for our boys too.
;;0.7579;;vijayvargiya also took to twitter to praise prime minister narendramodi and hit out at rahul gandhi using the titles of two upcoming bollywood films, saying our countrys kaabil is better than the raees of other country, apparently referring to the congress vice presidents foreign roots.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi condoled the deaths.
;;0.4588;;the indian government has lodged an appeal against a local uk councils attempt to close down a memorial dedicated to bhimrao ambedkar in north london, inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi during his visit to the uk in november 2015.
;;0.1027;;the decision for maharashtra to purchase the home was cleared by chief minister devendra fadnavis and the state cabinet gave its final nod to the proposal in february 2015 and it became one of the focal points of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the uk in november 2015.
;;0.0;;his statement came a day after kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan informed the state assembly that he would take up with prime minister narendramodi the issue of release of the priest.
;;0.34;;security personnel escort away a sarpanch from up who tried to meet pm narendramodi at the swachh shakti event in gandhinagar on wednesday.
;;0.34;;javed raja security personnel escort away a sarpanch from up who tried to meet pm narendramodi at the swachh shakti event in gandhinagar on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;javed rajaa minor disruption marked the swachh shakti event in gandhinagar on wednesday to celebrate the international womens day as a woman sarpanch from uttar pradesh, who tried to meet prime minister narendramodi , was stopped by the security personnel.
;;0.5574;;security arrangements at the venue, where prime minister narendramodi will also be present, has ensured that there is not enough space to accommodate all the awardees.
;;0.4767;;b'prime minister narendramodi also spoke of how athlete sakshi malik had earned new respect for tricolour this raksha bandhan.
;;0.4767;;(source: @ani_news/twitter) prime minister narendramodi also spoke of how athlete sakshi malik had earned new respect for tricolour this raksha bandhan.
;;0.9267;;(source: @ani_news/twitter)while prime minister narendramodi celebrated rakshabandhan with school children, other political leaders were not far behind in celebrating this festival that promotes unity.
;;-0.296;;the representatives later submitted a memorandum to chief minister narendramodi asking him to keep monsanto and other mncs out of government sponsored projects and stop the sale and distribution of gm seeds.
;;0.0;;chinese state-run media highlighted xis meetings with kazakh counterpart nursultan nazarbayev, prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.4939;;biswal, who took charge three years ago, said that the leadership of prime minister narendramodi had opened up several possibilities for convergence between the two countries, which share many common interests.
;;-0.3682;;attacking prime minister narendramodi , kumar alleged that he became the pm with the support of capitalists and cannot solve the problem of unemployment.
;;0.4019;;tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam, who today met prime minister narendramodi over the issue, said that state government will soon take steps to enable holding of jallikattu with support from the centre.
;;0.8885;;kaur, who is from doda village in gidderbaha tehsil of muktsar district, won the union agriculture ministrys krishi karman award for progressive farmers, carrying a rs 2 lakh cash prize, which she received from the prime minister narendramodi at a function in new delhi last month.
;;0.34;;the pact was signed by nscn-im general secretary t muivah and centres interlocutor for naga talks r n ravi in the presence of the prime minister narendramodi , the home and national security adviser ajit doval here.
;;-0.2263;;express photoapparently apprehensive that black could be deemed protesters against prime minister narendramodi , people in black shirts or t-shirts, or wearing black headgear, were barred from entering the domes put up for the prime ministers public meeting in bhachau, a city in gujarats kutch district, on monday.
;;0.5413;;this government notification has been issued even though chief minister narendramodi has claimed that after 2002,the state has been totally peaceful.
;;-0.5423;;(representational)after a mumbai-delhi jet airways flight was diverted to jaipur reportedly due to bad weather conditions and air traffic congestion, a passenger on board tweeted to prime minister narendramodi saying the aircraft could have been hijacked.
;;0.4019;;claiming that jharkhand would bloom under prime minister narendramodi , shah said modi had opened up the path of development with innumerable initiatives and he had the capability to help mineral-rich jharkhand race ahead of gujarat and maharastra.
;;0.0;;unlike earlier days, shah said, under narendramodi modis leadership all ministers concerned are discussing programmes for implementation, he said and appealed to the people to give a 2/3rd majority to bjp in the upcoming assembly elections.
;;-0.5994;;(file photo)union minister jitendra singh today said prime minister narendramodi modis raincoat remark against his predecessor manmohan singh was a compliment as he had emerged unscathed from scandals and scams in the upa rule.
;;0.7906;;earlier on wednesday, a delegation of ndas sc and st mps, led by ljp chief ram vilas paswan and union social justice minister thawarchand gehlot, met prime minister narendramodi to discuss the supreme court judgement diluting provisions of the sc-st atrocities act.
;;0.7579;;it was a good and elaborate discussion with prime minister narendramodi on the supreme court judgement on the sc/st atrocities act.
;;-0.3182;;the gujarat government has refused to disclose the assets and liabilities of chief minister narendramodi and his ministers,which was under the right to information (rti) act.
;;0.7351;;expressing surprise at prime minister narendramodi modis statements on balochistan, brahumdagh bugti, the grandson of slain baloch nationalist leader akbar bugti, on monday said he was encouraged by the turn of events and hoped that the indian government would continue with this policy.
;;0.3612;;if my affidavits are false,put me behind bars like gujarat chief minister narendramodi has done with police officer sanjeev bhatt, jakhar said.
;;0.7506;;called naye bharat ki nayi rajdhani, a vision proposed by prime minister narendramodi , sources said the party is visualising turning delhi into a smart city.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the kundli-ghaziabad-palwal (kgp) expressway, also known as eastern peripheral expressway, on may 27.
;;0.0;;(express photo by amit mehra) prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the kundli-ghaziabad-palwal (kgp) expressway, also known as eastern peripheral expressway, on may 27.
;;0.0;;(express photo by amit mehra)prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the kundli-ghaziabad-palwal (kgp) expressway, also known as eastern peripheral expressway, on may 27.
;;0.0;;sait said that they are planning to make a representation to prime minister narendramodi over the issue.
;;0.25;;since then, baig has been giving contradictory statements, sometimes praising prime minister narendramodi for his leadership, sometimes times criticizing the state government.
;;0.1779;;external affairs minister sushma swaraj (photo: anil sharma/file) external affairs minister sushma swaraj (photo: anil sharma/file)nepal on tuesday termed as unfortunate the remarks of external affairs minister sushma swaraj that prime minister narendramodi addressed lakhs of indians during a civic reception in his honour in nepals janakpur recently.
;;-0.8934;;(file photo)weeks after saying that he faces threat to his life, prime minister narendramodi today said he is going to face problems at the hands of big people who have suffered because of his tough policies which have stopped leakages to the tune of rs 49,500 crore.
;;0.0;;the campaign witnessed sparring between leaders of bjp, congress and cpi-m after prime minster narendramodi , who virtually stormed the state during the three-day whirlwind campaign, kicked up a row over his comparison of kerala with somalia.
;;0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi had promised about 1,000 e-rickshaws on easy installments to people in noida and ghaziabad last year.
;;0.8316;;two months ago, ncbc chairperson justice (retired) v eswaraiah had suggested, at a meeting with prime minister narendramodi , that the government should consider giving the benefit of reservation to the economically and occupationally backward.
;;0.7269;;m c r praveen, who joined bjp along with his father m c rajendran and aunt leelavathy on february 24, also praised prime minister narendramodi , saying he was truly serving the public.
;;0.1531;;he has also appealed to prime minister narendramodi to come out in his support as he is being targeted for exposing corruption.
;;0.3612;;(file photo)the congress party on wednesday lashed out at prime minister narendramodi for his attack on manmohan singh during his reply to motion of thanks in rajya sabha.
;;0.4215;;with india and pakistan ready to become members of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) and prime minister narendramodi and his pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif expected in the kazakh capital thursday, new delhi and islamabad, the indian express has learnt, will be taking steps towards a one-of-a-kind cooperation by committing to joint military exercises under the rubric of counter-terrorism cooperation.
;;0.2732;;read: pm narendramodi leaves for kazakhstan to attend sco summitiskander akylbayev, senior research fellow at the kazakhstan institute for strategic studies in astana, and one of kazakhstans leading experts on sco, told the indian express: there are certain concerns, specifically how india and pakistan will cooperate in the field of counter-terrorism.
;;0.0;;ahead of the snap polls in israel, an election advertisement banner, featuring prime minister narendramodi with his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu has been seen in tel aviv.
;;-0.7351;;activist tehseen s poonawalla, in his plea, said violence committed by these gau raksha groups have reached to such proportions that even prime minister narendramodi had declared them as people who are destroying the society.
;;0.0;;he said even prime minister narendramodi , when he was chief minister of gujarat, had called for conferring bharat ratna on dhyan chand.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/ @narendramodi)prime minister narendramodi on thursday visited the iconic akshardham temple in gandhinagar to attend an event to mark 25 years of its existence.
;;0.7184;;last month, chief justice of india ranjan gogoi had written a letter to prime minister narendramodi , in which he sought to increase the number of judges and raise the retirement age of high court judges to 65 years.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi along with ananth kumar, mukhtar abbas naqvi, jitendra singh and ss ahluwalia, arrives for the ongoing budget session of parliament, in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) new delhi: prime minister narendramodi along with ananth kumar, mukhtar abbas naqvi, jitendra singh and ss ahluwalia, arrives for the ongoing budget session of parliament, in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.128;;he went on to demand prime minister narendramodi , who was in attendence, to issue a statement in the house on the issue.
;;0.2732;;we will write to moef in this regard as well as to gujarat chief minister narendramodi to shift lions as early as possible.
;;0.2023;;nirupam also demanded that prime minister narendramodi come clean on graft allegations levelled by congress vice president rahul gandhi on the basis of income tax documents.
;;0.2732;;last year, during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the us, trump had agreed to sell unarmed drones to india so as to enhance indias surveillance capabilities in the indian ocean.
;;0.5106;;(pti photo)making a strong pitch for dialogue to contain the ongoing violence in kashmir, congress on wednesday said prime minister narendramodi should ensure that the situation in the valley is brought under control before talking about other things like balochistan.
;;0.296;;earlier, bhosale had insisted that he would join the bjp only in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and other senior leaders in delhi.
;;0.7351;;before this years up polls, the party had organised dhamma chetna yatra from april to october 2016, in which buddhist monks travelled across the state praising prime minister narendramodi modis leadership and visited dalit localities across the state.
;;0.3612;;all this comes ironically even as prime minister narendramodi , only two months ago at a krishi unnati mela in new delhi, encouraged farmers to undertake timber plantation along the edges of their fields.
;;0.4588;;akbaruddin, who laid out the focus and priorities of prime minister narendramodi when he arrives for the 74th un general assembly session, said a plethora of plurilateral and bilateral engagements and meetings next week highlight the examples of how india will soar higher.
;;0.128;;swamy againafter a days silence, bjp mp subramanian swamy created a flutter on wednesday when he sniped at journalist arnab goswami, who interviewed prime minister narendramodi , but ended up kicking up a storm over the person he had left unnamed in the tweet.
;;0.3182;;in russia, prime minister narendramodi said india would be responsible nation with regard to climate change.
;;0.0;;the bjp is banking on yeddyurappas stature in the lingayat community to combine with the charisma of prime minister narendramodi and the tactics of bjp national president amit shah.
;;0.0516;;(pti photo/file)prime minister narendramodi on monday said 10 crore lpg connections, including four crore free to poor women, were given in last four years compared to 13 crore in six decades since independence, as his government stepped up efforts to shield women and children from kitchen smoke.
;;-0.5106;;during the public meeting last night, pawar slammed prime minister narendramodi over the demonetisation holding him responsible for generating unemployment in the unorganised sector and spelling doom on various sectors including the powerloom industry.
;;-0.128;;the decision came after pawar and union rural development minister jairam ramesh held a meeting with chief minister narendramodi during which the state government put forward a demand of rs 14,673 crore for drought-proofing.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar and ahmedabad will be developed as world-class twin cities in line with new york and new jersey in the us,chief minister narendramodi said today.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , right, yogi adityanath, left in saffron robes, and bharatiya janata party president amit shah, second left wave to the audience after adityanath was sworn in as uttar pradesh state chief minister in lucknow, india, sunday, march 19, 2017.
;;0.4019;;(source: ap photo/rajesh kumar singh) prime minister narendramodi , right, yogi adityanath, left in saffron robes, and bharatiya janata party president amit shah, second left wave to the audience after adityanath was sworn in as uttar pradesh state chief minister in lucknow, india, sunday, march 19, 2017.
;;0.0516;;advertisingwhile defence minister sitharaman said this was the outcome of persistent efforts by prime minister narendramodi , jaitley said india had made several attempts in the past  in 2009, 2014 and 2016  but china had raised technical objections.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi on thursday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi on thursday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo)the vast expertise of the secretaries to the government of india, who are working in various domains of the governance, should now be leveraged to bring about breakthroughs, rather than incremental change, prime minister narendramodi said today.
;;0.0;;while announcing the demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi had asked holders of such notes to deposit or exchange them in banks till december 30.
;;0.296;;(file)former delhi chief minister sheila dikshit on thursday slammed the aam aadmi party-led delhi government over its continuous sit-ins at the lieutenant governors office and said party chief arvind kejriwal must first read the constitution and then approach prime minister narendramodi for its demand for full statehood for delhi.
;;-0.3182;;the aap convenor, who had written to the prime minister on thursday to intervene and end the agitation of the ias officers, posted an early morning tweet, lamenting on receiving no response from narendramodi and hoped a solution was around the corner.
;;0.4404;;gift of toy train to barodians on the occasion of the birthday of chief minister narendramodi , read hoardings across the city.
;;0.0;;b'new delhi : prime minister narendramodi with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan before a meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on monay.
;;0.0;;pti photo by shahbaz khan new delhi : prime minister narendramodi with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan before a meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on monay.
;;0.4215;;if turning turkey around has long been a major diplomatic challenge for india, prime minister narendramodi has been eager to address it.
;;0.0;;the move came a day after a delegation of dalit mps met prime minister narendramodi over the issue.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/g9vhmkagfr  narendramodi (@narendramodi) september 4, 2019modi, who arrived in russia on a two-day visit during which he will also attend the eastern economic forum (eef), is the first indian prime minister to visit to the russian far east region.
;;0.4215;;expressciting traffic and congestion issues, the ahmedabad municipal corporation (amc) has sealed around eight shops, including popular eatery iskcon ganthia where prime minister narendramodi had held a chai pe charcha session during the run-up to the lok sabha polls in 2014.
;;-0.4939;;on his day-long visit to chhattisgarh, prime minister narendramodi on thursday expressed concern over the menace of naxalism in the state and said it can be eradicated only through development.
;;-0.5267;;tu kaun hota hai judge ki tarah chor bolne wala (onstage, he has been calling prime minister narendramodi a thief.
;;0.7506;;prime minister narendramodi at the party headquarters to celebrate victory in up and uttrakhand assembly elections, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.7506;;pti photo by manvender vashist prime minister narendramodi at the party headquarters to celebrate victory in up and uttrakhand assembly elections, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo by manvender vashistprime minister narendramodi hosted mps from gujarat and rajasthan to breakfast friday and discussed preparations for elections in the two states, a day after he had hosted mps from uttar pradesh and discussed the functioning of the partys new government in uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi is ideologically hawkish,but economically opportunistic,a noted american scholar writes in a new book.
;;-0.296;;prime minister narendramodi will address eight rallies in the state, where his weakened party will fight most of 234 assembly seats with some five pocket-sized, localised allies.
;;0.0;;the new terminal of the airport located in mohali was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in 2015.
;;-0.6124;;pm narendramodi pays tribute to security personnel who lost their lives in encounters with terrorists in jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.6124;;(source: twitter/ani_news) pm narendramodi pays tribute to security personnel who lost their lives in encounters with terrorists in jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.6705;;(source: twitter/ani_news)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday paid homage to four army men, including a major, who were killed in two separate encounters in kashmir on tuesday.
;;-0.296;;shah, meanwhile, again accused the sp government of not properly implementing the central welfare schemes in the state and said that prime minister narendramodi has been elected an mp from up and hence up has the first right on development.
;;0.1531;;the bjp has been wooing the star and has extended him an invite to meet prime minister narendramodi in delhi.
;;0.6908;;the federation of indian chambers of commerce and industry (ficci) today tried to persuade chief minister narendramodi to soften his stand on goods and service tax (gst) in national interest and support foreign direct investment (fdi) in the retail sector.
;;0.0;;cm wants dmic headquarters in ahmedabadaddressing the meet,chief minister narendramodi called for shifting of headquarters of the delhi-mumbai industrial corridor (dmic) project to ahmedabad from delhi for faster development.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi is all set to appear on a special episode of popular wildlife show man vs wild with british presenter bear grylls.
;;0.2732;;people across 180 countries will get to see the unknown side of pm narendramodi as he ventures into indian wilderness to create awareness about animal conservation & environmental change.
;;-0.25;;on that day, the uttarakhand forest department had cancelled all tourist bookings for the dhikala forest rest house because of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the state.
;;0.0;;addressing a public rally at rajapur in ratnagiri district in konkan, thackeray also dared prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis to relocate the projects to gujarat or vidarbha.
;;-0.5574;;when contacted, leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe-patil said, the shiv sena has called prime minister narendramodi a villain.
;;0.4767;;when corruption is rampant at the top,it is futile to expect adherence to values and honest performance of duties from othersmodis saintsthe sangh weeklies prominently feature narendramodi modis recent visit to baba ramdevs ashram in haridwar.
;;0.4588;;incidentally,today the saints are again looking at narendramodi who has dedicated his life for the nation, the report states.
;;0.6486;;while the organiser is silent on the chants for declaring modi prime ministerial candidate,the report recalls a saint saying that the country needs leaders like narendramodi who can make every hurdle a stepping stone in the progress of the country.
;;0.0;;two days back kejriwal, who is contesting against bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi from varanasi, had appealed for donations for his campaign.
;;-0.34;;the congress said the charges against khadse, who is considered to be close to prime minister narendramodi , were of serious nature.
;;0.296;;however, trump is not as prolific as prime minister narendramodi on twitter, who shares most of the daily activities and breaking news with his 26.
;;-0.7269;;express photo by prashant ravi)replacing mahatma gandhis picture with that of prime minister narendramodi on khadi and village industries commissions (kvic) calender and diary is an insult to the father of the nation and a case of sedition, rjd president lalu prasad said here today.
;;-0.5095;;it is very unfortunate that the picture of mahatma gandhi has been replaced with that of prime minister narendramodi on the khadi udyogs calender.
;;-0.296;;it was narendramodi , after taking oath as pm, who went to gandhis memorial and paid his tributes to him but now he and his party were trying to indulge in such bad acts, he said.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi will address the nation in the 29th edition of his radio broadcast programme, mann ki baat, on sunday.
;;-0.4445;;(source: pti)pm narendramodi addressed his first rally in manipur on saturday and said the state has little to fear from the naga accord.
;;0.765;;it is considered that santhosh enjoys the trust of prime minister narendramodi and shah.
;;0.2263;;in the first parliamentary meet of the session, prime minister narendramodi reprimanded mps for bringing a bad name to the party due to misbehaviour, party leader rajiv pratap rudy told reporters, news agency ani reported.
;;0.0;;in his independence day speech, prime minister narendramodi counted his governments achievements.
;;0.0;;b'british prime minister theresa may (ap photo) british prime minister theresa may (ap photo)british prime minister theresa may on sunday said she will visit india next month for her first bilateral visit outside europe during which she will hold talks with her indian counterpart narendramodi and review all aspects of the india-uk strategic partnership post-brexit.
;;0.0;;the minister said that prime minister narendramodi after assuming office has always worked to reduce the prices of essentials required by farmers for their agricultural purpose.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate indias longest dhola-sadiya bridge on friday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate indias longest dhola-sadiya bridge on friday.
;;0.0;;the road connectivity in the north-east will witness a major transformation as prime minister narendramodi is all set to inaugurate the countrys longest dhola-sadiya bridge in assam on friday.
;;0.4973;;ahead of the international yoga day on june 21, bihar chief minister nitish kumar said the ancient discipline is irrelevant without imposing ban on sale of liquor across the country and appealed prime minister narendramodi to act in this regard.
;;0.0;;on march 28, as prime minister narendramodi addressed an election rally near the sivaya toll plaza in meerut, about 18 km away, badan singh baddo, 51, one of uttar pradeshs most wanted men, sat drinking in a hotel in the city.
;;-0.3182;;shiv sena, meanwhile, lost raigad  contested by the partys only minister in prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet and six-time mp anant geete.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi meeting the president of the socialist republic of vietnam, tran dai quang, in hanoi, vietnam on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi meeting the president of the socialist republic of vietnam, tran dai quang, in hanoi, vietnam on saturday.
;;0.7184;;vietnam appreciates indias principled position on the south china sea issue, communist party general secretary nguyen phu trong told prime minister narendramodi when the latter called on him, sources said.
;;0.2732;;he also pointed out that the language was spoken in mauritius and in caribbean countries, and recalled that prime minister narendramodi had greeted people in bihar and varanasi in the bhojpuri language.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath both have rss background and can rely upon the honesty of rss workers.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)german president frank-walter steinmeier will hold talks with prime minister narendramodi on saturday to explore ways to further broad base ties between the two countries in a range of areas including trade and investment.
;;-0.5267;;continuing his offensive against the congress party,bharatiya janata party (bjp) prime ministerial candidate narendramodi on thursday blamed the former for the partition of the country,stating that divide and rule has been its policy since beginning.
;;0.4939;;eshwar, hanamanthappas cousin, praised prime minister narendramodi for visiting koppad who is on a ventillator at the armys research and referral hospital in new delhi.
;;0.4019;;it is a settled issue and at this time narendramodi is the only viable pm candidate in the party, arun shourie said on the sidelines of an event.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi expressed his condolences saying he had left his mark with his writings and interventions on public causes.
;;0.2732;;president xi and prime minister narendramodi during their meetings have agreed to deepen bilateral cooperation and make joint efforts to build even closer development partnership, he said.
;;-0.25;;(file)no whiff of bjp in air, let alone a storm, uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav today said as he hit back at prime minister narendramodi for his jibe at the samajwadi party-congress alliance for the state assembly polls.
;;0.4404;;maintaining that the centre will be strengthened if the states are empowered, mamata called upon every party to come together to fight unitedly against the attempts by prime minister narendramodi modis government to thwart the federal structure.
;;0.34;;last saturday, sena president uddhav thackeray shared dais with prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis in mumbai and announced that the saffron alliance for polls was inevitable.
;;-0.34;;yechury drew the attention of the panel to prime minister narendramodi modis remarks in haridwar today warning the congress to hold its tongue saying he had everyones janam patri (horoscope).
;;0.0;;the initiative was taken by prime minister narendramodi , who has known several relatives of bose for years  some of them even speak gujarati.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (source: pti) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti)sounding the poll bugle for the upcoming assam assembly elections, prime minister narendramodi tuesday hit out at the congress, which has been in power in the state for 15 years.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will address all senior military commanders as the chair of the combined commanders conference today.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo/file) prime minister narendramodi will address all senior military commanders as the chair of the combined commanders conference today.
;;0.4767;;(source: pti photo/file)with prime minister narendramodi modis participation in the combined commander conference scheduled to be held in dehradun later today gathering opposition, the election commission of india has asked the defense ministry to ensure that the official visit shall not be combined with any public meeting and is not used as a platform to make any announcement that may affect the electoral process.
;;-0.4588;;b'the congress will fight the 2014 general elections under the leadership of sonia gandhi and prime minister manmohan singh,party general secretary digvijay singh said today and questioned the projection of narendramodi as prime ministerial candidate by the nda.
;;0.8126;;b'the rising stock of gujarat chief minister narendramodi within the bjp was apparently visible at the partys national executive meet here today when party president rajnath singh gave him a special welcome and noted that even the european union is recognising his achievements.
;;0.0;;the formal launch of the campaign will be done by prime minister narendramodi at panipat on january 22.
;;0.4754;;this small panchayat ward in kerala has become the first one to go digital in the country, taking a very important step in fulfilling prime minister narendramodi modis dream of transforming india into a digitally empowered society, the minister said.
;;0.0;;b'new delhi: prime minister narendramodi with palestinian president mahmoud abbas as they walk for their meeting at the hyderabad house in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;pti photo new delhi: prime minister narendramodi with palestinian president mahmoud abbas as they walk for their meeting at the hyderabad house in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.9186;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on tuesday assured palestine president mahmoud abbas of indias unwavering support to the palestinian cause, saying it hoped to see a sovereign, united and an independent palestine, coexisting peacefully with israel.
;;0.296;;it was passed without debate two days after a group of mps, cutting across party lines, met prime minister narendramodi to express concern over provisions in the act.
;;0.624;;but, the significance of the meeting is not lost on anyone  it will take place days before prime minister narendramodi meets us president donald trump on the sidelines of g-20 summit in osaka on june 28-29.
;;0.3182;;advertisingspeaking to reporters in the city, singh alleged that the bjp had made huge sum of money during prime minister narendramodi modis first term and the money was being used for horse-trading and toppling non-bjp state governments.
;;0.5563;;chief minister narendramodi is very keen to showcase this project by the 2012 assembly elections so the project is expected to see substantial development in the next two-three months,said a source.
;;0.8316;;under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah, the party has been consistently winning state and local elections across the country.
;;0.25;;indian prime minister narendramodi had during the bilateral meeting with chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of g20 summit in hangzhou, raised indias concern over the cpec, saying the two countries need to be sensitive to each others strategic interests.
;;0.0;;the yatra was flagged off by rajnath in sarnath, was to be addressed by shah in agra, and is scheduled to end in prime minister narendramodi modis presence in lucknow on october 14.
;;0.0;;during an event to mark the 125th birth anniversary of ambedkar at his birthplace in mhow on april 14, narendramodi felicitated the all india bhikshu sanghs sanghnayak, dhamma viriyo.
;;0.0;;some family members of netaji subhas chandra bose will write to prime minister narendramodi requesting him to form a high-powered committee to decode secret foreign files on the disappearance of the leader in 1945.
;;0.0;;the policemen were deployed at the vanita vishram grounds where chief minister narendramodi was on his second in the series of fasts in the cities.
;;-0.743;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi on thursday condoled the deaths that took place in a building collapse at kanpur in uttar pradesh and said his thoughts were with the bereaved families.
;;0.7906;;(file photo)a day after the union budget was passed, prime minister narendramodi on thursday took to twitter responding to comments in favour of the exercise and said the budget aims at giving wings to 125 crore indians and fulfilling their dreams.
;;-0.4215;;at a rally in karnataka, bjps pm candidate narendramodi termed the upa government as remote controlled and lame .
;;-0.6908;;b'bsp chief mayawati bsp chief mayawatibsp chief mayawati on monday mocked prime minister narendramodi modis claim that he was shramik no 1 (labourer no 1).
;;-0.5859;;reacting to bsp chief mayawatis criticism of pm narendramodi , bjp national secretary shrikant sharma said: only bjp is capable of ridding up of corruption and crime.
;;0.0;;it has been dominated by prime minister narendramodi in a manner india has not seen since the early seventies years of indira gandhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi speaking at the asean-india summit.
;;0.0;;(source: pmo/twitter) prime minister narendramodi speaking at the asean-india summit.
;;-0.9569;;(bfmtv via ap)prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee on friday condemned the horrific attack in nice, france that left at least 80 dead and more than 100 injured in one of the deadliest attacks in france in recent history.
;;0.4215;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi on thursday extended greetings to the people on the occasion of 68th republic day.
;;0.0;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) january 26, 2017crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, also the son of uaes founding president, will be the chief guest at the parade this year as he joins prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee for the occasion.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on sunday will address the nation through his monthly radio programme mann ki baat at 11 am.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has said the fifa event should serve as a catalyst for lifting the profile of the game in the country.
;;-0.7579;;vastanvis utterance of wrongful words against gujarat chief minister narendramodi is a violation of the model code of conduct, bhavsar said,adding the surat bjp unit has demanded his arrest and strict action.
;;-0.3875;;i never praised gujarat chief minister narendramodi , vastanvi said.
;;-0.4019;;bjp leader shazia ilmi confronted protesters who were raising slogans against prime minister narendramodi and india in south koreas capital seoul on friday.
;;0.1298;;even raebareli and varanasi parliamentary constituencies of sonia gandhi and prime minister narendramodi respectively  figure in the most polluted cities and occupy 52nd and 78th spot in the global ranking respectively.
;;0.0;;canadian high commissioner to india stewart beck and switzerlands ambassador to india linus von castelmur met chief minister narendramodi separately on tuesday at his official residence in gandhinagar.
;;0.25;;the cpm described the deep cut as brazen attempt to woo portfolio investors from the us and the rest of the world on the eve of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the us.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)prime minister narendramodi will begin a visit to four european nations in germany on monday, with a meeting with chancellor angela merkel scheduled at her official country retreat in meeseberg.
;;0.0;;the event will be inaugurated by chief minister narendramodi along with president of icai,subodhkumar aggarwal,vice-president k raghu.
;;0.6249;;b'file photo: prime minister narendramodi with chinese premier li keqiang during the launch of india-china forum of state & provincial leaders at the great hall of people in beijing, may 2015.
;;0.6249;;(source: pti) file photo: prime minister narendramodi with chinese premier li keqiang during the launch of india-china forum of state & provincial leaders at the great hall of people in beijing, may 2015.
;;0.5106;;(source: pti)when indian prime minister narendramodi visited beijing in 2015, he observed that china has a strong tradition of learning, citing an old saying: if you think in terms of a year, plant a seed; if in terms of ten years, plant trees; if in terms of 100 years, teach the people.
;;0.0;;the issue of change of governor is believed to have been discussed when j&k chief minister mehbooba mufti met prime minister narendramodi here on saturday, and earlier when home minister rajnath singh visited the valley on august 25.
;;0.4767;;pti photosainthood of mother teresa is a memorable & proud moment, prime minister narendramodi tweeted on sunday.
;;-0.1027;;the all india hindu mahasabha urged prime minister narendramodi on tuesday to take strong action against 49 eminent personalities, who had written to him on lynching of minorities and hate crimes in the country.
;;-0.4588;;two days after prime minister narendramodi rebuked senior bjp leader kailash vijayvarhiyas son for attacking a municipal corporator with a cricket bat, bjps disciplinary committee issued a showcause notice to indore mla akash vijayvargiya thursday.
;;-0.7184;;the proposed venue for programme of prime minister narendramodi to unveil some railway projects on march 12 here is facing difficulties with farmers refusing to cut their crop in the 60 acre field in sultanpur village prematurely.
;;0.1027;;the attack came on the heels of the historic naga peace accord having been signed by prime minister narendramodi and ims isaac chisi swu and th muivah.
;;0.5719;;the landmark gst legislation will reflect the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination, said prime minister narendramodi , as he addressed the third meeting of the governing council of niti aayog on sunday.
;;-0.3612;;mdmk chief vaiko mdmk chief vaikomdmk chief vaiko on saturday said he would request prime minister narendramodi to seek an explanation from the malaysian government on his detention at kuala lumpur airport on friday.
;;0.4404;;this had prompted banerjee to shoot off a letter to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to expedite the name change and accept the wish of the people.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with iranian president hassan rouhani, during an official arrival ceremony at the saadabad palace in tehran, iran, monday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with iranian president hassan rouhani, during an official arrival ceremony at the saadabad palace in tehran, iran, monday.
;;0.25;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi modis visit to iran raised interest not just in india but across the world.
;;0.0;;in his speech, narendramodi made two evocative points.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had also told a meeting of senior secretaries of his government, soon after taking over in 2014, that there was a need to do away with archaic rules and practices, signalling to them that it was time to change some rules.
;;0.0;;it has also decided to write to prime minister narendramodi to declare the state drought hit.
;;0.34;;popular tamil novelist r n joe dcruz finds himself facing threats and hate mails after he expressed his support for bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , hailing his gujarat regime as a visionary government.
;;0.4019;;congress legislature party leader ajay kumar lallu said that the initiative for gst was first taken during the upa regime under then prime minister manmohan singh and pointed out that it was opposed at the time by narendramodi , who was then the gujarat chief minister.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi condoled the death of pul, saying his services to arunachal would be remembered.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi with cabinet ministers after the reshuffle.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@narendramodi) pm narendramodi with cabinet ministers after the reshuffle.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@narendramodi)prime minister narendramodi inducted new ministers into his council of ministers in the first week of july.
;;0.8074;;here is the portfolio of the union council of ministersprime minister narendramodi modi: personnel, public grievances & pensions department of atomic energy department of spacewatch video: keystrokes  smriti irani gets textilescabinet ministers rajnath singh: home affairs sushma swaraj: external affairs arun jaitley: finance corporate affairs m venkaiah naidu: urban development housing & urban poverty alleviation |information & broadcasting nitin jairam gadkari: road transport and highways shipping manohar parrikar: defence suresh prabhu: railways d. v. sadananda gowda: statistics & programme implementation uma bharati: water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation najma a. heptulla: minority affairs shri ramvilas paswan: consumer affairs, food & public distribution kalraj mishra: micro, small & medium enterprises maneka sanjay gandhi: women & child development ananth kumar: chemicals & fertilizers | parliamentary affairs ravi shankar prasad: law & justice | electronics & information technology jagat prakash nadda: health & family welfare ashok gajapathi raju pusapati: civil aviationanant geete: heavy industries & public enterprises harsimrat kaur badal: food processing industries narendramodi singh tomar: rural development | panchayati raj | drinking water & sanitation chaudhary birender singh: steel jual oram: tribal affairs radha mohan singh: agriculture & farmers welfare thaawar chand gehlot: social justice and empowerment smriti zubin irani: textiles dr. harsh vardhan: science & technology | earth sciences prakash javadekar: human resource developmentministers of state rao inderjit singh: planning (independent charge) | urban development housing & urban poverty alleviation bandaru dattatreya: labour & employment (independent charge) rajiv pratap rudy: skill development & entrepreneurship (independent charge) vijay goel: youth affairs and sports (independent charge) | water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation shripad yesso naik: aayush (independent charge) dharmendra pradhan: petroleum and natural gas (independent charge) piyush goyal: power (independent charge) coal (independent charge) new and renewable energy (independent charge) mines (independent charge) jitendra singh: development of north eastern region (independent charge) prime ministers office personnel, public grievances & pensions department of atomic energy department of space nirmala sitharaman: commerce and industry (independent charge) mahesh sharma: culture (independent charge) tourism (independent charge) manoj sinha: communications (independent charge) railways anil madhav dave: environment, forest and climate change (independent charge) general v. k. singh: external affairs santosh kumar gangwar: finance faggan singh kulaste: health & family welfare mukhtar abbas naqvi: minority affairs | parliamentary affairs ss ahluwalia: agriculture & farmers welfare | parliamentary affairs ramdas athawale: social justice & empowerment ram kripal yadav: rural development haribhai parthibhai chaudhary: micro, small & medium enterprises giriraj singh: micro, small & medium enterprises hansraj gangaram ahir: home affairs g m siddeshwara: heavy industries & public enterprises ramesh chandappa jigajinagi: drinking water & sanitation rajen gohain: railways parshottam rupala: agriculture & farmers welfare | panchayati raj mj akbar: external affairs upendra kushwaha: human resources development radhakrishnan p: road transport & highways | shipping kiren rijiju: home affairs krishan pal: social justice & empowerment jasvantsinh sumanbhai bhabhor: tribal affairs sanjeev kumar balyan: water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation vishnu deo sai: steel sudarshan bhagat: agriculture and farmers welfare y s chowdary: science & technology | earth science jayant sinha: civil aviation col.
;;0.296;;and, when our candidate gets a vote from any mla, question of misuse of the government machinery arises both mayawati and akhilesh had to come together to stop the winning spree of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.4215;;b'prime minister narendramodi was informed about this new survey and the progress of ganga cleaning programme at a review meeting on friday.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi was informed about this new survey and the progress of ganga cleaning programme at a review meeting on friday.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi was informed about this new survey and the progress of ganga cleaning programme at a review meeting on friday.
;;0.5423;;(pti photo)palestinian president mahmoud abbas arrived here today on a four-day visit during which he will hold extensive talks with prime minister narendramodi on key bilateral, regional and international issues, including the middle east peace process.
;;0.2732;;due significance was also given to varanasi constituency, represented by prime minister narendramodi , in the reshuffle.
;;-0.7269;;mounting an all-out attack on prime minister narendramodi before campaigning for the lok sabha elections drew to a close a day earlier than scheduled, tmc leader and chief minister mamata banerjee thursday threatened to send him to jail if it is proved that bjp workers, and not tmc workers as claimed by modi, vandalised the bust of pandit ishwar chandra vidyasagar.
;;0.7657;;editorial | centre must not ignore the overtures from a section of the separatists in kashmir for a dialoguehe also said that prime minister narendramodi has created such an atmosphere in the country that any person can contribute to the peace process.
;;0.0;;obama commented in new delhi during an appearance with prime minister narendramodi (nah-ren-drah moh-dee).
;;0.0;;the decision comes even as chief minister narendramodi has been pushing for promotion of sports.
;;0.4019;;days after chief minister narendramodi called on rss chief mohan bhagwat at the outfits headquarters in nagpur,former chief minister and founder of gujarat parivartan party (gpp) keshubhai patel and his confidant gordhan zadaphia on tuesday visited the rss and vhp headquarters in the state.
;;0.0;;and with a spectacular view of the kyrgyz ala-too mountain range, prime minister narendramodi and pakistan prime minister imran khan were in the same room for about nine hours over two days, but the shoulder could not have been colder.
;;0.9371;;in an attempt to promote innovation  a pet theme of prime minister narendramodi  the ministry has decided to promote innovative and stable solutions adopted in rural areas by providing government support to make them reach a larger audience.
;;0.7964;;rajasthans nyay aapke dwar is in-line with prime minister narendramodi modis assurance to the chief justice of india that the government will make its share of contribution to help reduce the burden on the judiciary and deal with the high number of pending cases.
;;0.4019;;chief minister captain amarinder singh on thursday met prime minister narendramodi and sought his support in allowing the state government to sell surplus power.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by the prime minister narendramodi , today approved the enhancement of capacity from 20,000 mw to 40,000 mw of the scheme for development of solar parks and ultra mega solar power projects, an official statement said.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi stepping out of parliament with his cabinet colleagues in this file photo.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi stepping out of parliament with his cabinet colleagues in this file photo.
;;0.0;;maldives is the only country in the neighbourhood which has not been visited by prime minister narendramodi in the last four years.
;;0.3612;;chief minister mamata banerjee had rushed to the spot and staged a three-day save the constitution sit-in against the cbi move, accusing prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah of plotting a coup.
;;0.9122;;(representational) (representational)hang the corrupt but honest civil servants should not be harassed by probe agencies in service or after retirement, an association representing over 4,900 ias officers said on sunday and decided to meet prime minister narendramodi to discuss providing protection to well-meaning officers with integrity.
;;0.4588;;the stage is set for a grand birthday celebration of prime minister narendramodi on tuesday at kevadia colony, where he is scheduled to participate in namami narmade mahotsava, an event organised by the state government to mark the occasion of the sardar sarovar dam crossing its full reservoir level (frl) of 138.
;;0.9022;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday welcomed the verdict in international court of justice in the kulbhushan jadhav case, saying truth and justice have prevailed.
;;0.3612;;digvijay singh, senior congress leader (file photo) digvijay singh, senior congress leader (file photo)joining in the slanging match over the donkey barb targeting prime minister narendramodi , congress leader digvijaya singh today said he indeed worked like a donkey.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is also likely to attend the conference, in which nearly 200 countries and 100 ministers will be participating.
;;0.0;;tashi tobgyalpm modi to address roadshow in capitalfollowing bjps victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, delhi on sunday is preparing for prime minister narendramodi modis roadshow.
;;0.0;;this is the first time narendramodi is making a public appearance since the election results came out on saturday.
;;0.8402;;he also said that prime minister narendramodi congratulated him on congress win in punjab and that he assured required help from the central government.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with un environment head erik solheim in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;anil sharma prime minister narendramodi with un environment head erik solheim in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.4215;;anil sharmaprime minister narendramodi on tuesday said india was committed to raising the standards of living of its citizens in an environmentally sustainable manner, and that development need not come at the cost of its green assets.
;;0.0;;advertisinghere are the key takeaways from the joint communique issued after the talks between prime minister narendramodi and french president emmanuel macron, in comparison to the 2018 joint communique.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi leaving for his trip to europe.
;;0.0;;(ani) prime minister narendramodi leaving for his trip to europe.
;;0.0;;(ani)prime minister narendramodi left for his four-nation europe tour on monday morning.
;;0.0;;delhi: pm narendramodi departs for berlin in germany, on his six-day, four-nation tour of germany, spain, russia and france pic.
;;0.0;;b'indian science congress (isc) will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi today.
;;0.0;;(source: ap/file photo) indian science congress (isc) will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi today.
;;0.0;;also, the event, which will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on friday, will not witness the presence of any nobel laureate and is expected to be attended by barely 5,000 delegates of the 12,000 who had registered to attend the event at hyderabad.
;;-0.296;;(express photo/file)shiv sena mp sanjay raut said in party mouthpiece saamana that prime minister narendramodi should stop criticising the congress.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi also shared a photograph of indirabetijis 2014 visit to his office after the lok sabha polls and said, saddened by the demise of goswami indira betiji, whose noble service to the society will always be remembered.
;;0.3818;;accusing jharkhand chief minister raghubar das and prime minister narendramodi of promoting communalism, he appealed to the people to unitedly fight for social justice.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;(file) prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump.
;;0.5927;;of course, not single-handedly, but the opposition should have formed the government under the leadership of the congress it is thanks to the skilful storytelling of narendramodi that they got 100 per cent marks (even after getting) zero per cent on performance.
;;-0.4588;;ravish tiwari: the congress forced pm narendramodi and amit shah to sweat it out for gujarat (2017).
;;0.3612;;he said that 7,000 villages in 70 talukas,spread over 10 districts,were facing water crisis,but the state government was not moved by it,with chief minister narendramodi busy in promoting his candidature for prime ministership.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressing the nation from the ramparts of the historic red fort on the occasion of the 71st independence day, in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi addressing the nation from the ramparts of the historic red fort on the occasion of the 71st independence day, in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.25;;so if narendramodi modis dream of a new india is to ever materialise, he will need to first acknowledge that his chief ministers and his own ministers have not understood that a new kind of governance is the most essential ingredient of all.
;;0.0258;;pticongress leaders from gujarat on sunday targeted prime minister narendramodi over alleged atrocities on dalits in his home state and sought intervention from president pranab mukherjee in the matter.
;;0.0;;why doesnt prime minister narendramodi say a single word about the hcu vice chancellor appa rao?
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi chairing eighteenth interaction through pragati  the ict-based, multi-modal platform for pro-active governance and timely implementation, in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;pti photo / pib new delhi: prime minister narendramodi chairing eighteenth interaction through pragati  the ict-based, multi-modal platform for pro-active governance and timely implementation, in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.7906;;pti photo / piba little over two years after mission indradhanush was launched with fanfare to increase vaccination coverage, prime minister narendramodi has told the health ministry to pull up its socks and target 90 per cent coverage at least, instead of staying satisfied with the gains of the last couple of years.
;;-0.7003;;b'dalit leaders attacked pm narendramodi for his insincere statements about atrocities on dalits at the hands of cow vigilantes.
;;-0.7003;;(express photo by javed raja) dalit leaders attacked pm narendramodi for his insincere statements about atrocities on dalits at the hands of cow vigilantes.
;;-0.7003;;they also attacked pm narendramodi for his insincere statements about atrocities on dalits at the hands of cow vigilantes.
;;0.5719;;(source: pti)aap mp bhagwant mann on tuesday said the panel, set up by the lok sabha speaker to examine whether his act of filming parliament house complex and posting it online compromised its security, should also summon prime minister narendramodi for inviting isi to pathankot airbase.
;;0.0;;it was to be signed during the visit of prime minister narendramodi to uk in april this year.
;;-0.765;;(source: pti/file)after india failed in its bid to clinch nsg membership, congress vice-president rahul gandhi on friday took a dig at prime minister narendramodi calling it a failed diplomacy.
;;-0.0516;;its high time that prime minister narendramodi realises that diplomacy requires gravitas, depth and seriousness.
;;0.7096;;the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , the corruption-free governance of the nda government, its major decisions like surgical strikes on terror launch pads across the loc and gst, besides the numerous welfare schemes would help the party reach out to the people in telangana and to win elections, he said.
;;0.6369;;(express photo)prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate a pumping station on kutch branch canal of narmada project near bhachau town in kutch district and will also lay foundation stone of six projects worth around rs1,000 crore of kandla port trust (kpt) on monday.
;;0.1531;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)prime minister narendramodi on sunday extended his wishes to the country on the occasion of ugadi, gudi padwa, navratri and sajibu cheiraoba.
;;0.4215;;the state budget also deployed significant resources for prime minister narendramodi modis dream of housing for all by 2022.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi is presented a plough by chief minister of madhya pradesh, shivraj singh chauhan at the kisan mahasammelan in sehore, madhya pradesh on thursday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi is presented a plough by chief minister of madhya pradesh, shivraj singh chauhan at the kisan mahasammelan in sehore, madhya pradesh on thursday.
;;0.0;;on thursday, prime minister narendramodi unveiled the operational guidelines for a new crop insurance scheme, the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana (pmfby), at a farmers rally in madhya pradesh.
;;0.0;;last month, prime minister narendramodi had addressed a massive parivartan rally in shimla, claiming that winds of the change were blowing in himachal and that cm virbhadra singh will be voted out in the next polls.
;;0.4404;;( source: express photo by amit chakravarty )after friction between prime minister narendramodi and chief minister prithviraj chavan over the past few days, the centre and the state tried to mend fences on tuesday with both sides calling for better coordination by keeping politics aside for furthering infrastructure development.
;;0.1027;;the decision for to purchase the home was cleared by chief minister devendra fadnavis and it became one of the focal points of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the uk in november 2015.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , flanked by his ministers, arrives at parliament on monday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , flanked by his ministers, arrives at parliament on monday.
;;-0.6597;;the project is known to have been pushed by prime minister narendramodi who last year had set a deadline for the ministry to come up with a screening framework for cancer.
;;0.0;;he claimed that his government was providing round-the-clock power supply in prime minister narendramodi modis lok sabha constituency varanasi but the central government was not cooperating enough.
;;-0.2263;;the congress demanded a probe into the whole affair saying it is a test for prime minister narendramodi who always says he will not let corruption take place.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;0.0;;(source: pti/file) prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;0.6249;;(source: pti/file)the external affairs ministry friday downplayed prime minister narendramodi modis letter greeting his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif on pakistans national day, saying it was a normal courtesy and nothing unusual.
;;-0.1027;;advertisingi just apologized to indian ambassador harsh shringla for trumps amateurish and embarrassing mistake, congressman brad sherman tweeted hours after trumps stunning claim that prime minister narendramodi sought his mediation or arbitration efforts to resolve the kashmir issue.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi had assigned you (nafed) the job of procuring groundnut worth rs 25,000 crore to protect the interests of farmers.
;;0.0;;these nobel laureates will be here for three days, starting from january 9, when prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the exhibition, he said.
;;-0.4019;;also, they seem willing to question the government in power: on tuesday, news state examined the pollution levels in banaras, prime minister narendramodi modis constituency, and found the bjp wanting; samay allowed the congress spokesperson to have his complete say criticising the bjp government.
;;0.0772;;(source: express archive)just after prime minister narendramodi modis famous and spontaneous visit to lahore on the birthday of his pakistani opposite number, nawaz sharif, television showcased a sangh parivar stalwarts view that the road to akhand bharat was open.
;;0.7506;;nitesh,son of state industries minister and congress leader narayan rane,recently said on twitter that mumbai-based gujaratis who admire the performance of chief minister narendramodi were free to go back to their native state.
;;0.4404;;i only said those who feel narendramodi is doing a good job can move there (gujarat), he told reporters.
;;0.4404;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday will reply to debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in rajya sabha.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi is going to visit china for the third time.
;;0.0;;the lok sabha elections are due next summer and there have been suggestions that they may be clubbed with a clutch of assembly elections slated in rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh later this year, especially with prime minister narendramodi advocating simultaneous polls.
;;0.2579;;prime minister narendramodi has decided not to allow officials to serve as private secretary (ps) or officer on special duty (osd) to a union minister for more than five years.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi leaves for tashkent on thursday to attend the shanghai cooperation organization (sco) summit with india set to become a member of the china-led grouping.
;;0.6369;;however, at the very first brush with the recently changed reality in the india-pakistan engagement, following prime minister narendramodi modis bold visit to lahore, one of its ideological pillars, akhand bharat, has developed embarrassingly huge cracks.
;;-0.6486;;(express photo by jaipal singh)prime minister narendramodi announced sunday that the contentious retrospective tax, which set off a scare among foreign investors after it was introduced in 2012 by the then upa government, was a matter of past, and a chapter (that) will not be opened again.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with vietnam president tran dai quang at hyderabad house in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(express photo by amit mehra) prime minister narendramodi with vietnam president tran dai quang at hyderabad house in new delhi.
;;0.5106;;(express photo by amit mehra)vietnamese president tran dai quang on sunday expressed gratitude for prime minister narendramodi modis statement at the asean-india summit last november regarding indias act east policy (aep).
;;0.8508;;we wish to express our gratitude for, and most highly appreciate prime minister narendramodi modis statement at the aseanindia summit in november last year that indias act east policy is shaped around the asean, said president quang in his address to the media.
;;0.5719;;punjab director general of police suresh arora laid the wreath as national security advisor ajit doval paid respects on behalf of prime minister narendramodi , a punjab government spokesperson said in a release at chandigarh.
;;-0.1027;;the mgnrega was the upas flagship programme and bjp leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , had expressed sharp scepticism about the scheme and its approach.
;;0.25;;the removal of red beacon is a step towards prime minister narendramodi modis vision of a new india, sonowal said in a statement in guwahati.
;;0.5499;;but the party decided to make then general secretary narendramodi the new chief minister of the state which was going to polls the next year.
;;-0.5994;;read more herers 96,000 in old notes found at locked home, orphans write to pm moditwo orphans in kota have written to prime minister narendramodi after they found rs 96,500 hidden in a pillow by their mother, almost four years after her death, in her village.
;;0.3612;;taking strong exception to the criticism of prime minister narendramodi by some of the congress leaders, venkaiah said the opposition party is not able to digest the growing popularity of the pm and hence resorting to dirty smear campaign.
;;0.8074;;thursday started on an optimistic note for india, as mexican president pena nieto, with prime minister narendramodi by his side in mexico city, said, as a country, we are going to be positively and constructively supporting indias request in recognition of the commitment by prime minister modi to the international agenda of disarmament and non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.
;;0.0;;on the campaign front, prime minister narendramodi will be showcased as a mascot of development while the ground strategy will factor in caste and religious equations.
;;0.6071;;sources in srinagar said government formation in the state wouldnt be so difficult if prime minister narendramodi or bjp chief amit shah were to assure pdp party president mehbooba mufti that the agenda of alliance would be implemented sincerely.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi did not even look at uddhav thackeray once.
;;0.8173;;netanyahus visitjamaat-e-islamis bi-weekly, daawat, in its front page commentary on january 17, notes: the manner in which prime minister narendramodi welcomed the israeli pm benjamin netanyahu in delhi was extraordinary agreements were signed in seven important sectors and it is being said that india would benefit immensely from these agreements it is very surprising that the israeli government did not seem to be even a bit angry at the indian vote against israel at the un on jerusalem.
;;-0.6249;;the agitators also burnt an effigy of prime minister narendramodi during the protest, reported pti.
;;0.0;;the move comes a day after a delegation of dalit mps met prime minister narendramodi over the issue.
;;-0.128;;( twitter)anais josemon (14), a class 9 student of a convent school here, today virtually became the face of prime minister narendramodi modis book exam warriors  a book on how to deal with exams  as she was rescued by the railways after she ran away from home for failing a mathematics test.
;;0.4019;;for the congress,state party president pradip bhattacharya said,kolkata is politically so conscious that it may not be a suitable ground for narendramodi to look for a footprint here.
;;0.5256;;describing chief minister narendramodi as an uncorrupt and a very effective administrator under whom gujarat is progressing well,gujarat-origin british economist and politician lord meghnad desai said on thursday that the bjp strongmans prime ministerial aspirations could only be realised if he comes to terms with what happened in 2002.
;;-0.1779;;(express photo by anil sharma)eager to keep the demonetisation issue alive till the upcoming assembly polls in five states, congress vice-president rahul gandhi on wednesday launched a scathing attack on prime minister narendramodi , accusing him of wrecking the economy.
;;-0.5574;;a metropolitan magistrates court has issued summons for congress leader rahul gandhi in connection to a defamation complaint filed against him by a bjp member for his commander-in-thief remark while attacking prime minister narendramodi last year over the rafale fighter jet deal.
;;0.0;;b'praising gujarat chief minister narendramodi for the turnaround in his state during his 15-year-rule,former rajasthan cm vasundhara raje today said she would complete unfinished work in her state if elected to power again.
;;-0.2732;;in his 15 years of rule narendramodi has become the envy of every other cm.
;;0.4939;;a major agreement is likely to be signed between british gas (bg) and gujarat state petroleum corporation (gspc) when british minister of state for foreign office hugo swire meets gujarat chief minister narendramodi in gandhinagar on wednesday.
;;0.3818;;we will remind prime minister narendramodi about his promises made during the 2014 lok sabha election campaign.
;;-0.8807;;he emphasised that both prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump has spoken about the world coming together to counter terrorism and the two countries must work together even more closely to thwart terrorism, that afflicts south, central asia.
;;0.0258;;five years after he invited leaders from saarc countries for his swearing-in ceremony, prime minister narendramodi , in another diplomatic move to reach out to neighbouring countries, has invited leaders from the bimstec countries, kyrgyz republic and mauritius for the may 30 ceremony that will mark his return to office.
;;0.1779;;taking a swipe at the government, leader of the congress in lok sabha adhir ranjan chowdhury said the aviation minister wants to sell air india, the railways minister wants to sell its assets and prime minister narendramodi , he alleged, will one day sell the country.
;;0.0;;the congress leader noted that while prime minister narendramodi had stated that railways will not be privatised, the budget talks about public-private partnership, corporatisation and disinvestment.
;;0.4588;;remember kejriwal had called himself an anarchist and prime minister narendramodi had promptly recommended that he join the naxals?
;;-0.8625;;two hoax calls keep surat cops on toessurat: ahead of narendramodi modis sadbhavana mission fast here,the city police today received two hoax calls,one saying a bomb had been planted at surat rto (just opposite fast venue) and the second claiming a bomb at the district court.
;;-0.34;;in an apparent reference to gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis attack on congress as termites and him as a night watchman at the bjp national council meeting in delhi on sunday,he said the party hurled the choicest abuses against the congress leadership and made it clear he would not reply to them in that language.
;;0.0258;;last month, he had issued a fatwa, offering a reward of rs 25 lakh to anyone who will cut off prime minister narendramodi modis beard, shave his head and smear him with black ink.
;;0.0;;a delegation of dalit ministers and mps led by union minister ram vilas paswan yesterday met prime minister narendramodi over dilution of some stringent provisions of the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
;;0.5267;;b'bjp president nitin gadkari today congratulated gujarat chief minister narendramodi for the record investment in his state during the recent vibrant gujarat programme.
;;0.9509;;nitin gadkari has hailed the vibrant gujarat conclave as a phenomenal achievement and congratulated chief minister narendramodi for his wonderful performance in scaling new heights in economic growth and successfully attracting record investment to the state, bjp said in a statement.
;;0.2263;;chief minister narendramodi modis decision to field saurashtra heavyweight vitthal radadiya and his son jayesh in june 2 bypolls is likely to take wind out of khodaldham movement,which had posed a serious challenge to the ruling bjp in politically decisive saurashtra in run-up to december 2012 assembly elections.
;;0.0;;b'u.s. president barack obama, left, and prime minister narendramodi walking together.
;;0.0;;(source: ap photo/manish swarup, file) u.s. president barack obama, left, and prime minister narendramodi walking together.
;;0.4215;;(source: ap photo/manish swarup, file)describing the just concluded us visit of prime minister narendramodi as historic, the obama administration has christened his vision of indo-us ties that has overcome the hesitations of history and working for the betterment of the global good as modi doctrine.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has been taking digs at mamata banerjee in all his public speeches in west bengal.
;;-0.7184;;this frustrating situation resulted in the attack on the pilgrims from gujarat, the state from where prime minister shri narendramodi hails and which is going to poll later this year, the editorial says.
;;-0.6249;;the incident had happened on the same day as prime minister narendramodi decried violence in the name of cow protection.
;;0.743;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea), chaired by the prime minister narendramodi , has given its approval for enhancement of budget by rs 11,330 crore for nfs project for laying of alternate communication network for defence services for release of spectrum over and above rs 13,334 crore already approved by cabinet committee on infrastructure in july, 2012, it said.
;;-0.5719;;(express photo: partha paul)since november 8 last year, when prime minister narendramodi banned rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, fake rs 2,000 notes with a face value of around rs 1.
;;0.5859;;alok kumar verma, the delhi police commissioner, was yesterday appointed as the new cbi chief and his name was cleared by a three-member selection panel headed by prime minister narendramodi and comprising chief justice of india jagdish singh khehar and congress leader in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge as members.
;;-0.1027;;(express photo by vishal srivastav)a day after the indian express reported that a website which 13 union ministers linked to for allegedly busting fake news shared a common landline phone number with bluekraft digital foundation, the technology and knowledge partner of exam warriors, the book by prime minister narendramodi , the registrant of the website, http://www.
;;0.0;;he was also a member of narendramodi modis 2014 election campaign.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi before boarding the plane for tashkent.
;;0.0;;ani photo prime minister narendramodi before boarding the plane for tashkent.
;;0.4588;;ani photoprime minister narendramodi on thursday said that india is glad to be a member of the shanghai cooperation organization (sco) and it looks forward to fruitful outcomes particularly in the field of economic cooperation.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had, in november 2015, announced a package of rs. 80,000 crore.
;;0.25;;this time, with no strength to draw from its state leadership, the bjp relied solely on the image of prime minister narendramodi and national president amit shah.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at the civil services day function in new delhi on friday.
;;0.0;;express photo by amit mehra prime minister narendramodi at the civil services day function in new delhi on friday.
;;0.6956;;but the weekly market at the village is set to go cashless, said district collector sourabh kumar, after he received an award from prime minister narendramodi for palnar going 100 per cent cashless.
;;-0.6428;;authorities had lifted this ban after the visit of prime minister narendramodi to nepal.
;;0.3612;;vijayan met prime minister narendramodi and expressed his concern over the centres decision to grant in-principle clearance for a transshipment harbour project in colachel, tamil nadu.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi has recently spoken about the governments commitment to double farmers income by 2022.
;;0.8779;;(representational image)the congress party on sunday took swipe on prime minister narendramodi modis remark on the grand old party and said that people of uttar pradesh will show the horoscope to the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on march 11.
;;0.0;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the five-day annual meeting of the african development bank (afdb) group, its first ever in india.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and us president barack obama stroll in the gardens of hyderabad house in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.743;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on sunday dismissed that there was any pressure to ink a pact similar to us-china agreement on emission cuts as india and the us announced important steps to promote clean energy and confront climate change.
;;0.25;;the vigilance awareness week, which has been endorsed by both president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi , is being observed by all government organisations across the country with the theme being combating corruption  technology as an enabler.
;;0.2732;;advertisinglaunching a scathing attack on the bjp leadership, including prime minister narendramodi , abdullah said, when you do an election rally do speak a few words of love for jammu and kashmir.
;;0.4404;;she added that even prime minister narendramodi had lauded her efforts in jalyukta shivar yojna and had said she was the future hope of maharashtra.
;;0.4588;;we want to ask prime minister narendramodi that you when talk about social harmony and malnutrition why are you wanting to close down such welfare schemes under the garb of making aadhar card compulsory, congress spokesperson priyanka chaturvedi told reporters.
;;0.0772;;in a letter to the sports authority of india secretary, s s chhabra, dated september 30, 2016, director (sports) sagar preet hooda said prime minister narendramodi was himself monitoring the implementation of this initiative.
;;-0.8834;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi tonight condemned the attacks in egypt in which at least 45 people were killed.
;;0.0;;union minister for road transport and highways nitin gadkari echoed the view of prime minister narendramodi on the blue economy.
;;0.3182;;under sagarmala project prime minister narendramodi has selected 173 projects with huge investment of 60 billion dollars by 2020, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;in january 2016, prime minister narendramodi had made available 100 declassified documents related to netaji at the national archives of india (nia), to mark his birth anniversary.
;;-0.4019;;b'chief minister jayalalithaa saturday urged prime minister narendramodi to take steps to get repatriated ten fishermen of tamil nadu stranded in kuwait after being detained in a foisted case by the police there.
;;0.0;;the mayor of the north civic body, avtar singh, has issued a circular ordering all schools under its jurisdiction to install photos of prime minister narendramodi and president ram nath kovind on campus.
;;-0.6808;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo/ file) prime minister narendramodi (express photo/ file)prime minister narendramodi friday accused the opposition of spreading lies against his government due to its increasing frustration over electoral losses, and asked bjp mps to use technology effectively to take the truth to the masses.
;;0.3818;;chhabra said that prime minister narendramodi should apologise to the people of uttarakhand and that the hc had put a brake on the anti-constitutional actions of the bjp government.
;;0.0;;it was in october last year that prime minister narendramodi first expressed his intentions of building a ram museum and a site was identified in ayodhya in uttar pradesh.
;;0.7717;;watch what else is making newsin his message, prime minister narendramodi also appreciated indomitable spirit, determination and dedication of nari shakti (women power).
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi said the progress of humanity is incomplete without the empowerment of women and the issue is no longer women development but women-led development.
;;0.4939;;the invitation was extended after hazare praised chief minister narendramodi for his rural development initiatives in gujarat.
;;0.5106;;in a setback to the bjps attempt to cash in on the chaiwallah background of its pm candidate narendramodi through namo tea stalls the election commission directed that free tea cannot be offered at such stalls in uttar pradesh.
;;0.0772;;the election commission issued the directive after receiving a complaint against bjp leaders in lakhimpur kheri where they reportedly set up namo tea stall without seeking permission and also offered free tea to public who had assembled there to watch recorded speech of narendramodi on a lcd screen.
;;0.0;;in up, these stalls had started after narendramodi began his rallies here.
;;0.5859;;there has been a surfeit of articles giving ideas to prime minister narendramodi on how to renew and revive india.
;;-0.4767;;the interview was badly timed as that very day, prime minister narendramodi had dropped in at lahore.
;;0.5859;;malabar-17 is the largest maritime exercise ever conducted in the vast indian ocean as president donald trump put it on the occasion of the successful summit meeting with prime minister narendramodi last month.
;;0.1027;;advertisingthe motion moved by prime minister narendramodi and seconded by defence minister rajnath singh was carried through with one voice and a show of hands.
;;0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi has called for a meeting with presidents of all political parties on june 19 to discuss the one nation, one election concept and other important matters, including the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
;;0.0;;lucknow, the city of nawabs, has been finalised to host the main event of the international day of yoga (idy) celebrations in which prime minister narendramodi will participate.
;;0.0;;reuters/adnan abidiprime minister narendramodi on saturday remembered the former premier rajiv gandhi on his 72nd birth anniversary.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi modis monogrammed suit, which he wore for a meeting with us president barack obama in new delhi last year, has entered the guinness world records as the most expensive suit sold ever in an auction, said a surat diamond trader who had bought it for rs 4.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi modis monthly address  mann ki baat  being aired to about 150 countries  has evoked a huge response from people of indian-origin living abroad, an all india radio (air) director has said.
;;-0.2732;;condoling his death, prime minister narendramodi said he was a popular leader who enriched parliamentary democracy.
;;0.0;;the issue of russias first ever bilateral military exercise with pakistan in pakistani territory is likely to figure in discussions in the upcoming brics nations summit in goa on 14-15 october between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.7624;;the 2018 agreement is said to be a more detailed and improved version of the 2015 pact, signed between the two countries when prime minister narendramodi visited seychelles.
;;0.5267;;b'the metropolitan magistrate hearing the protest petition filed by zakia jafri against the supreme court appointed sits closure report giving clean chit to gujarat chief minister narendramodi and others in the post-godhra riots case,was transferred today as part of a routine exercise by the high court registrar.
;;-0.9754;;(express photo by renuka puri)with the pune police claiming they had recovered an email that referred to maoist plans for the assassination of prime minister narendramodi in another rajiv gandhi type incident, the bjp mounted a frontal attack friday on its rivals for not only being sympathetic to the maoist cause but also desperate, frustrated and neglected trying to destabilise the nation through violence.
;;-0.8074;;athawale, meanwhile, issued a statement condemning those behind the conspiracy to assassinate prime minister narendramodi in a manner similar to rajiv gandhis assassination.
;;0.0;;he also read out prime minister narendramodi modis message to president mahmoud abbas on the occasion.
;;0.9062;;the padma shri awardee and former indian batsman, who retired from cricket in december last year after a 15-year stint, had joined the party in march, saying he was impressed by the vision of prime minister narendramodi and would work for the countrys welfare as a member of the party.
;;0.1513;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by javed raja) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by javed raja)forty-eight hours after the 26/11 attacks, mumbai still burning, prime minister manmohan singh chaired a meeting of grim-faced security officials to consider the most important decision leaders can make.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi now has the opportunity to deliver the message he advocated  but hes still searching for the right words.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi now has the opportunity to deliver the message he advocated  but hes still searching for the right words.
;;0.2263;;(illustration by: c r sasikumar) prime minister narendramodi now has the opportunity to deliver the message he advocated  but hes still searching for the right words.
;;-0.8957;;9:15 am: have spoken to our ambassador in germany, no indian casualty in the munich attack: sushma swarajprime minister narendramodi also condoned the attack.
;;0.5106;;in the 14th finance commission under prime minister narendramodi , we have increased bengals share of central taxes many times.
;;-0.4215;;shahs comments came hours after gandhi addressed students of university of california at berkeley where he criticised the narendramodi government over increasing polarisation in the country.
;;0.7579;;the best endorsement has come from pm narendramodi , who in his mann ki baat said, till a few years ago, we used to see that our election commission is working just as a regulator.
;;0.7506;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi will address bjp chief ministers and top party leaders, including union ministers, on sunday and is likely to ask them to focus on the agenda of good governance and development.
;;0.2263;;demanding the bjp state government to increase the minimum support price for the farm produce and waive off their loans, rahul accused prime minister narendramodi of doing little for the farmers.
;;-0.765;;this has inflamed tensions, undermining prime minister narendramodi modis efforts to focus on economic advancement.
;;0.2732;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiwhat is the significance of prime minister narendramodi modis rally at coimbatore today?
;;0.0;;(source: pmo)on saturday, the second day of his nepal visit, prime minister narendramodi offered prayers at the iconic muktinath temple, regarded sacred by both hindus and buddhists.
;;0.2023;;source: pmo source: pmoa day before, saying that nepal is at the top of indias neighbourhood first policy, prime minister narendramodi announced a rs 100 crore package to develop janakpur, while invoking mythological links between the two countries.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and aap chief arvind kejriwal.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and aap chief arvind kejriwal.
;;-0.296;;delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal has written to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to stop the privatisation of idbi.
;;0.0;;responding to a question on the need for uninterrupted supply of spares from russia for military equipment, he said the issue has been discussed between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will address students across many colleges and universities of the country on tuesday.
;;0.3818;;india extended a usd 2 billion line of credit to bangladesh after prime minister narendramodi modis visit last year, following up on a usd 1 billion loan in 2010 when his predecessor manmohan singh visited dhaka.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi with his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;0.0;;(file photo) pm narendramodi with his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi leaves on a four-day visit of japan on sunday,but the detailed itinerary sent out by his office on friday says nothing about a possible meeting with suzuki motors officials.
;;0.4588;;in another letter to baijal, kejriwal requested him to use good offices to pursuade haryana to continue the supply of same level of water and also take up the matter with prime minister narendramodi and union water resources minister nitin gadkari.
;;-0.34;;stressing the need to provide affordable health care to the poor, prime minister narendramodi today called on start-ups to make medical equipment indigenously to reduce dependence on import.
;;0.7506;;(pti photo)the launching of south asian satellite was a dream and a commitment which india has fulfilled, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday, a day after the country crafted history.
;;0.0258;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi today accused the congress-led upa government of reneging on its promise made in 2005 of developing the historical sabarmati-dandi stretch,taken by mahatma gandhi for the salt march as heritage route.
;;-0.7845;;chief minister narendramodi was slammed by the congress on tuesday after he said that basic medical emergency procedures were not followed when congress president sonia gandhi complained of uneasiness in parliament on monday night.
;;0.7184;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on monday hosted the national sports awardees, including rio olympics silver medallist pv sindhu and bronze winner sakshi malik, at his 7 race course road residence.
;;-0.1779;;(representational image)union minister of urban development, housing and poverty alleviation m venkaiah naidu on tuesday said the central government under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi is striving to take the north east region on a high growth trajectory.
;;0.7783;;outgoing tamil nadu chief minister o.panneerselvam on sunday thanked prime minister narendramodi and governor c. vidyasagar rao for their support and cooperation.
;;0.0;;bjp sthapana diwas: prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah during bjp foundation day celebrations.
;;0.0;;(source: m venkaiah naidu/twitter) bjp sthapana diwas: prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah during bjp foundation day celebrations.
;;0.9118;;(source: m venkaiah naidu/twitter)congratulating bjp workers on the partys 37th foundation day, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said it was a matter of great pride that people across the country had placed their trust in the party.
;;0.0;;later in the day, prime minister narendramodi will be visiting jharkhand to lay foundation stone of a multi-modal terminal on river ganga at sahibganj.
;;0.4019;;the principle of sabka saath, sabka vikas, sabka vishwas was reiterated by prime minister narendramodi during his address at a meeting of the bjp parliamentary party here on sunday.
;;0.0;;last week, prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the 330 mw kishanganga hydroelectric project in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping visited the hubei provincial museum.
;;0.0;;(source: pmo/twitter) prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping visited the hubei provincial museum.
;;0.6486;;(source: pmo/twitter)attempting to bridge the trust deficit with china, prime minister narendramodi on friday told chinese president xi jinping that he will be happy to host the next informal summit in india next year.
;;0.5256;;#watch the people of india feel really proud that im maybe the first prime minister of india, for whom, you (chinese president) have come out of the capital twice to receive me says prime minister narendramodi in wuhan.
;;0.0;;read | this is why pm narendramodi is meeting xi jinping in wuhanspending time together!
;;-0.296;;(source: express photo)the congress party on monday cornered prime minister narendramodi over his fake gau rakshaks assertion and alleged that this was a desperate attempt to ensure there is ample votes in his partys kitty.
;;0.4215;;in march, prime minister narendramodi had reviewed the progress of several infrastructure projects in south india, including the chennai-ennore port road connectivity project, which was conceived nearly 20 years ago.
;;0.1027;;the petitioner said he has made representations to various authorities including prime minister narendramodi , who forwarded it to the ministry of defence and to the indian air force.
;;-0.9393;;rejecting the congress chief charge that there was fear in the country under prime minister narendramodi , bjp spokesperson sambit patra invoked 1984 anti-sikh riots and the emergency imposed by indira gandhi and said that fear prevailed in those times, not now.
;;-0.7849;;babbar also claimed that to defeat prime minister narendramodi in the 2019 general elections, all secular parties will have to come together and fight unitedly, otherwise defeating the bjp would not be easy.
;;0.4215;;b'prime minister narendramodi and assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal sharing a moment during the celebration of third anniversary of nda government at the centre, and first anniversary in the state, at veterinary college field in guwahati on friday.
;;0.4215;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi and assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal sharing a moment during the celebration of third anniversary of nda government at the centre, and first anniversary in the state, at veterinary college field in guwahati on friday.
;;0.0;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on friday laid the foundation stone of all india institute of medical sciences (aiims), guwahati to be set up at changsari in assams kamrup district.
;;-0.0119;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi (pti photo) congress vice-president rahul gandhi (pti photo)criticising congress vice-president rahul gandhi for his attack on prime minister narendramodi , the bjp said on wednesday that what reflected in his speech was not the poors pain but his own pain over the governments fight against black money.
;;-0.8481;;the congress monday accused prime minister narendramodi of failing to address maharashtras burning issues including drought and farmers suicides after he attacked the opposition party at a poll rally on the hindu terror tag.
;;0.0;;her visit is a follow-up to the joint statement by prime minister narendramodi and his swedish counterpart stefan lofven during his state visit to india last year.
;;0.0;;continuing to display her combative attitude towards the shiromani akali dal (sad), bjp mla from amritsar and chief parliamentary secretary navjot kaur sidhu on wednesday said she had apprised prime minister narendramodi of the kind of language akali leaders use about him in punjab.
;;-0.3818;;that doordarshan hasnt felt the need to spread its influence beyond indian shores, that indian private news channels pay no attention to international news unless prime minister narendramodi is abroad, says something about just how self-obsessed we must be.
;;0.0;;in 2015 september, prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated the new terminal known as chandigarh international airport located in mohali.
;;0.5106;;(source: pti)the centre is working closely with states to help the flood-hit people, prime minister narendramodi on sunday as he pitched for technological solutions to the daily life problems and informed about the government plans to earmark rs 10 crore for innovation.
;;0.0;;83 crore on publicising the mid-sea bhoomipujan of the 210-metre-tall memorial of maratha king chhatrapati shivaji by prime minister narendramodi in december last year.
;;-0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi also offered his condolences saying that he was pained by the news.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with russia president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/ @narendramodi) prime minister narendramodi with russia president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;putins remarks came in the wake of indian prime minister narendramodi modis visit to st petersburg to attend the 18th india-russia annual summit.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/drbg3yb2fh  narendramodi (@narendramodi) june 1, 2017modi is on a four-nation tour.
;;0.796;;(source: pti photo)in a politically significant statement, chief minister k chandrasekhar rao on sunday praised prime minister narendramodi for providing corruption-free governance in the last two years of the nda rule and termed him as most popular leader in the country.
;;-0.5719;;the cabinet had held an emergency meeting here last night presided over by prime minister narendramodi , who had cut short a visit to assam to return to the capital for the purpose.
;;0.0;;in september 2015, prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated the new terminal known as chandigarh international airport located in mohali.
;;0.4019;;lok sabha member and ljp parliamentary board chairperson chirag paswan wrote to prime minister narendramodi following a meeting of party office-bearers on thursday.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi in khadi attire.
;;0.0;;(file) pm narendramodi in khadi attire.
;;-0.1027;;(file)with prime minister narendramodi pitching for embracing khadi, gandhi smriti and darshan samiti (gsds) will pay tribute to mahatma gandhi by switching to the fabric as its office dress on his birth anniversary.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , party president amit shah and several other senior leaders will be present on the occasion, said state bjp president ajay bhatt.
;;-0.2263;;b'senior congress leader and member of parliament kamal nath senior congress leader and member of parliament kamal naththe congress on friday said bravado, rhetoric and hyperbole were the hallmark of prime minister narendramodi modis government which has completed three years in office and demanded a white paper on its employment strategy.
;;-0.296;;b'amit shah and arun jaitley flashing prime minister narendramodi modis degree at a press conference amit shah and arun jaitley flashing prime minister narendramodi modis degree at a press conferencethe uttarakhand quarrel has now been settled after six weeks of judgments and counter-judgments by lower and higher courts.
;;0.4215;;we will help her, was swarajs response to a report which said 90-year-old kantaben shah has written to prime minister narendramodi to prevent her from being forcibly sent back to the us.
;;-0.4404;;bsp chief mayawati, uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav and prime minister narendramodi have all indulged in personal attacks.
;;0.0;;himachal pradesh chief minister prem kumar dhumal,who owes gujarat chief minister narendramodi his first chief ministerial stint in 1998,will head for ahmedabad on saturday to felicitate modi on his birthday.
;;-0.8658;;accusing earlier central governments of sheltering those who helped terrorists, prime minister narendramodi said thursday that azamgarh in uttar pradesh was once synonymous with terror but since the bjp came to power in 2014, the terror tag was removed.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah.
;;0.7506;;its been more than two years and both prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah had already realised that expecting to repeat 2014- when the party won 282 seats- in the next lok sabha elections would be complacency.
;;0.4767;;chairing a meeting of the agriculture department here, amarinder said he would write to prime minister narendramodi seeking price support to compensate the farmers for the loss incurred due to the difference between maizes market price of rs 1,100 and the governments minimum support price (msp) of rs 1,300.
;;0.0;;international yoga day 2019: prime minister narendramodi kicked off international yoga day celebrations in jharkhands ranchi friday, where he said the ancient practice goes beyond age, colour, caste and creed, and belongs to everyone.
;;0.34;;security personnel have been deployed for the first time at the proposed site for the 182-metre-tall statue of unity,facing the narmada dam,after chief minister narendramodi announced the project in october 2010.
;;0.0;;rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) may 13, 2018pm modi, rahul gandhi condole deathsprime minister narendramodi and congress chief rahul gandhi condoled the deaths caused due to thunderstorms.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to attend a public meeting in agra on january 9, a ground-breaking ceremony for over 100 projects on january 20 in lucknow and the pravasi bhartiya divas in varanasi that begins on january 21.
;;-0.612;;the invisible forces were none but congress, he alleged and claimed that the congress-led upa government had even tried to implicate the prime minister narendramodi and shah in false cases but without success.
;;0.0;;the chief minister said that prime minister narendramodi was likely to lay foundation of several development projects including aiims, 4000 mw power plant from deoghar on 5th september this year.
;;0.6597;;i was inspired by prime minister narendramodi and decided to join politics to change the system rather than sitting outside.
;;0.5574;;saurashtra strongman vitthal radadiya on friday joined the ruling bjp along with son jayesh and several supporters in the presence of chief minister narendramodi at a function at dhoraji.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had also recently called for water conservation, saying there was a pressing need to make it a mass movement on the lines of the cleanliness drive.
;;-0.4019;;former prime minister hd deve gowda today said he had a brief telephonic conversation with prime minister narendramodi on the cauvery river water dispute.
;;-0.4019;;former prime minister hd deve gowda today said he had a brief telephonic conversation with prime minister narendramodi on the cauvery river water dispute.
;;-0.2144;;former prime minister hd deve gowda today said he had a brief telephonic conversation with prime minister narendramodi on the cauvery river water dispute, but did not divulge the details of it.
;;0.0;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan today attributed the bjps victory in bypolls on two seats in the state to prime minister narendramodi modis development policies.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday offered prayers to lord ganesh in suburban vile parle in mumbai.
;;0.0;;sahafat writes in its editorial on the same day: six years ago,rajnath singh as the bjp president,had decided to keep narendramodi out of the partys parliamentary board.
;;-0.3818;;postgraduate institute of medical education and research, chandigarh postgraduate institute of medical education and research, chandigarha senior postgraduate institute of medical education and research (pgimer) professor, in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , has said that during the shortlisting of a panel to select the pgi director, the merit has been pushed to the corner and selecting a person with no administrative experience will have catastrophic effect.
;;0.0;;akbars remarks came on a day when back home, prime minister narendramodi also referred to pakistans atrocities in the restive balochistan province and the pok, prompting a sharp reaction from across the border.
;;0.0;;the turkish president will meet the prime minister narendramodi on may 1.
;;0.4019;;read| sachin tendulkar meets prime minister narendramodi , briefs him on upcoming movie sachin: a billion dreamssachin: a billion dreams has been directed by james erskine, which is all about tendulkars personal journey from a young boy to a cricketing legend.
;;0.4019;;hasmukh did everything possible to arrange for money and even wrote to chief minister narendramodi pleading for help.
;;0.8922;;(representational image)delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari said on thursday the performance of his party-run civic bodies was not up to the high standard the bjp has set for itself, but voiced confidence that prime minister narendramodi modis image will make it win the mcd polls for a third time in a row.
;;0.2732;;christening prime minister narendramodi as being the brand name for policy of honesty, tiwari said that his name was enough to make the opposition restless.
;;0.0;;the silence of prime minister narendramodi , among other bjp leaders, has not gone unnoticed.
;;-0.871;;earlier this week, arvind kejriwal released a video message where he claimed that prime minister narendramodi is so frustrated that he could get me killed.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newsthe first lot of 100 files relating to netaji were put in public domain by the prime minister narendramodi on january 23 on the occasion of the 119th birth anniversary of netaji.
;;0.6249;;over the last few weeks, india has made a determined push to get member countries of the nsg onboard, with prime minister narendramodi visiting switzerland and mexico to garner their support.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi , who on monday reached nagaland, did not bring up the ongoing peace talks with the nscn(im).
;;0.6597;;telling the teachers that it was their social responsibility to make children aware of the things happening in the country, chief minister yogi adityanath on thursday said that schools should have conducted debates on centres decision to abrogate the special status of jammu & kashmir and sent letters to prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah expressing their support.
;;0.4019;;in their talks, prime minister narendramodi and vietnamese president tran dai quang also vowed to expand bilateral cooperation in several key sectors, including defence, oil and gas, and agriculture.
;;0.7184;;arguing against the clean chit given to chief minister narendramodi and others by the supreme court-appointed special investigation team (sit) for their alleged role in the 2002 post-godhra riots,petitioner zakia jafris lawyer said wednesday that sit acted as a judge rather than an investigating team and did the job which is supposed to be done by the court.
;;-0.128;;(express file photo by tashi tobgyal)vice president hamid ansari and prime minister narendramodi today condoled the death of leila seth, the first woman chief justice of a high court, saying she will be remembered for long.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi is likely to visit mexico, g-20 country, after completion of his state visit to usa.
;;0.4215;;the chief minister said that though the programme was on all over the country with the blessings of prime minister narendramodi , it is being taken up with special vigour in the state where more than 38 districts have been hit by the killer disease.
;;0.7096;;(source: ap photo)france has appreciated demonetisation in india, terming it as a bold decision which shows how determined prime minister narendramodi is to combat tax evasion, corruption and black money.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi has approved the motor vehicles (amendment), bill.
;;-0.3182;;it can be noted that the us-based sen has been critical of the demonetisation announced by prime minister narendramodi on november 8.
;;0.2263;;in his independence day speech, prime minister narendramodi called the population explosion a matter of urgent concern.
;;0.8114;;the congress on wednesday took a jibe at controversial bjp mla akash vijayvargiya after a video surfaced on social media showing his dance at an event celebrating prime minister narendramodi modis birthday on tuesdayadvertisingchief minister kamal naths media advisor, narendramodi saluja, sought to remind the pm that akash had been emboldened because the party did not punish him for indiscipline in the past.
;;-0.7717;;around 150 women activists raised slogans against prime minister narendramodi and council of ministers for failing to respond appropriately to pakistan-supported terror.
;;0.7717;;gajendra yadavin the bjp, yogi adityanaths appointment as the chief minister of uttar pradesh is being interpreted as the strongest signal in the run-up to the 2019 elections by prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah, and of their willingness to go for hindu consolidation ahead of the polls.
;;0.4215;;congress leader digvijay singh (file photo) congress leader digvijay singh (file photo)congress leader digvijay singh on thursday said prime minister narendramodi should reach out to the opposition parties to build a consensus on a candidate for the forthcoming presidential election.
;;0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)in a significant move, south block is actively considering to schedule a stand-alone bilateral visit by prime minister narendramodi modis to israel and not to palestine on the same trip, sources have told the indian express.
;;0.0;;first, since prime minister narendramodi will be visiting hamburg in germany for the g-20 summit on july 7-8, he is likely to visit israel either before or after.
;;0.0;;kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan dashed off a letter to prime minister narendramodi , seeking his intervention for repealing the measure.
;;-0.1779;;we want to tell this to prime minister narendramodi , dyfi national president mohammed riyaz, who led the protest, said.
;;-0.6124;;print and electronic media are showing the misery of cows prime minister narendramodi has formed a committee and he wants to know the reason for the misery of cows, said justice sharma.
;;-0.6705;;b'vhp chief pravin togadia (files) vhp chief pravin togadia (files)vishwa hindu parishad (vhp) chief pravin togadia on sunday advocated for temple only at the disputed site of the demolished babri mosque and continued to attack prime minister narendramodi on many issues besides ram temple.
;;-0.2263;;chief minister narendramodi on friday said that police headquarters and housing projects should be multi-storey buildings,considering the limited availability of land and funds,particularly in big cities.
;;0.0;;b'in the last two weeks, prime minister narendramodi addressed three rallies of farmers, one each in mp, karnataka and up.
;;-0.6124;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday consoled an emotional isro chief k sivan outside the agencys headquarters in bengaluru hours after chandrayaan-2s vikram lander lost contact with ground stations and failed to make a soft landing on the lunar surface.
;;0.765;;with prime minister narendramodi modis office scheduled to review various reforms undertaken for improving indias overall ease of doing business ranking friday, the maharashtra government issued orders granting more powers to the professionals.
;;-0.7783;;b'pm modi in westminster: we spoke to pakistan to tell them that we did surgical strikes before disclosing the news to media (source: pib/twitter) pm modi in westminster: we spoke to pakistan to tell them that we did surgical strikes before disclosing the news to media (source: pib/twitter)from taking on pakistan on terrorism issue to peoples role in democracy and women safety, prime minister narendramodi spoke on a wide range of topics during his interaction with the indian diaspora at central hall in londons westminster on wednesday.
;;0.0;;# the person in the railway station was narendramodi modi.
;;-0.7096;;he was responding to trinamool congress leader derek obriens statement in rajya sabha that prime minister narendramodi follows certain twitter trolls, who write venomous, misogynist stuff besides issuing murderous threats.
;;0.4019;;b'dmk working president m k stalin on friday said the party cadres will show black flags to prime minister narendramodi during his scheduled visit to chennai on april 11.
;;0.4019;;(express photo) dmk working president m k stalin on friday said the party cadres will show black flags to prime minister narendramodi during his scheduled visit to chennai on april 11.
;;0.4019;;(express photo)dmk working president m k stalin on friday said the party cadres will show black flags to prime minister narendramodi during his scheduled visit to chennai on april 11.
;;0.7351;;amidst new peace overtures from the imran khan government after the re-election of prime minister narendramodi , the white house has made it clear to pakistan that the onus for sustained peace in south asia was on it by putting the terror groups out of business.
;;0.6808;;at the informal meeting between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping, the two leaders aksed their militaries to strengthen communication, build trust and mutual understanding and enhance predictability and effectiveness in managing border affairs.
;;-0.802;;during the interview conducted by raj in pune, pawar had lamented that personal attacks had become a trend in the countrys politics and disapproved of prime minister narendramodi modis criticism of jawaharlal nehru in parliament.
;;0.4588;;watch video: whats making newsjung said there were attempts to create an impression that prime minister narendramodi is intervening in delhi through him.
;;0.4019;;while the opposition parties targeted prime minister narendramodi over khans statement, neither the bjp nor the government issued an official response.
;;-0.0516;;and on march 22, when the nda government decided to boycott the pakistan national day reception in new delhi, khan said he had received a message from prime minister narendramodi , saying that is is time for people of the sub-continent to work together for a democratic, peaceful, progressive & prosperous region, in an atmosphere free of terror and violence.
;;0.0;;during the celebrations,several projects will be inaugurated narendramodi and other ministers.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;(file) prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump.
;;0.128;;under prime minister narendramodi modis leadership, india has tackled offset policies, foreign direct investment, and procurement procedures, seeking to harness the private sectors role in providing military capability as reflected in the 2016 defense production policy (dpp) guidelines and as rumored to be further enhanced in the 2018 dpp currently being drafted, he said.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi will be attending the concluding ceremony of narmada river conservation awareness programme next month at amarkantak in madhya pradesh, according to chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;-0.4767;;(source: pti)as a controversy rages over prime minister narendramodi modis remarks about indians being ashamed of being born in the country before his government came to power, congress vice-president rahul gandhi wednesday asserted that i am a proud indian.
;;-0.0258;;(source: ani_news/twitter)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said efficient governance was needed in order to reduce the burden on judiciary.
;;0.3612;;india and the uk have decided to set up a special team to carry forward the economic agenda, as british prime minister boris johnson conveyed to prime minister narendramodi that uk had decided to leave the european union on october 31.
;;-0.1779;;senior congress leader anand sharma on friday took on prime minister narendramodi in a press conference in shimla and said its time for repentance, not celebrations as some of the monumental failures and false promises now stand exposed after four years in power.
;;0.8591;;on the other hand, the bjp government at centre led by prime minister narendramodi is under a lot of pressure as opposition parties and members of civic society have blamed them of giving a free hand to the cow vigilante groups.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi inaugurated the four-lane extradosed bridge over the narmada in bharuch tuesday.
;;0.0;;bhupendra rana pm narendramodi inaugurated the four-lane extradosed bridge over the narmada in bharuch tuesday.
;;0.2263;;bhupendra ranainaugurating the cable-stayed bridge built on narmada river on tuesday, prime minister narendramodi praised his predecessor keshubhai patel for broadening the road connecting ahmedabad and rajkot which was earlier prone to accidents.
;;0.5106;;however, the guidelines were withdrawn by the ministry on the direction of prime minister narendramodi after the government drew flak from media bodies and and opposition which dubbed these norms an attempt to muzzle free press.
;;0.0;;from the indian army to bollywood stars to prime minister narendramodi , congratulatory posts have flooded himas twitter feed, who has been tagged as indias golden girl and indias next potential olympic medallist.
;;-0.1027;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi on wednesday attacked prime minister narendramodi and chief minister mamata banerjee, saying they had not taken any action against corruption and made false promises.
;;0.128;;bmc is a partner in implementing various schemes of the centre, including the e-rickshaw project launched in lucknow by prime minister narendramodi last year.
;;0.2732;;b'prime minister narendramodi with bjp national president amit shah (express photo by amit mehra/file) prime minister narendramodi with bjp national president amit shah (express photo by amit mehra/file)shiv sena has said prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah made the bjp rss-mukt well before their mission to make the country congress-mukt.
;;0.7003;;talking to pti before officially joining the saffron party, mahavir phogat said, we are impressed with policies and programmes of the narendramodi government.
;;0.0;;salute to prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah.
;;-0.6369;;it alleged that apsc members were inducing hatred against prime minister narendramodi and the hindu community.
;;-0.4939;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi today slammed the union government for allegedly ignoring the state governments demand about construction of gates at sardar sarovar narmada dam,and said the centre was only concerned about nephews and uncles.
;;0.0;;to paraphrase prime minister narendramodi , vikas (development) has not become a janandolan (mass movement).
;;0.0;;advertisingthe khedut samaj, gujarat has written to prime minister narendramodi asking that private insurance players be removed from the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojna (pmfby), and that a bhartiya krushi bima ayog be set up instead, whereby government officials collect premiums and address farmers claims.
;;0.34;;it may be mentioned here that it was prime minister narendramodi who, in one of his speeches a few weeks ago, had made the claim that india possessed the plastic surgery technology in ancient times giving reference to the elephantine head of lord ganesh, one of several gods from the hindu pantheon of gods and goddesses.
;;-0.5267;;smarting from the recent setback in the rajya sabha elections, where the party failed to send its lone candidate into the house, mayawati also trained her guns at prime minister narendramodi for invoking the name of the father of the constitution during his monthly mann ki baat programme on sunday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)when he took charge two and a half years ago, prime minister narendramodi declared that his government will do more than look east.
;;-0.4588;;chief minister arvind kejriwal wednesday attacked prime minister narendramodi after he was named in an fir filed by the anti-corruption bureau (acb) over alleged irregularities in the appointment of staff in the delhi commission for women (dcw).
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted following daves death.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi in this file photo.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in this file photo.
;;-0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi arrived here early today to attend the two-day nuclear security summit where world leaders from over 50 countries are expected to share their assessment of the threat from nuclear weapons and materials.
;;-0.4767;;finance minister arun jaitley congratulated prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah for correcting a historical wrong.
;;0.0;;in fact, both dhawan and tandon had even got their stickers printed along with pictures of prime ministerial candidate narendramodi projecting themselves as candidates.
;;-0.7717;;prime minister narendramodi expressed his condolences after 20 people lost their lives in a boat tragedy in bihar.
;;-0.7717;;prime minister narendramodi expressed his condolences after 20 people lost their lives in a boat tragedy in bihar.
;;-0.9186;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday expressed grief and extended his condolences to the bereaved families after at least 20 people lost lives in bihars boat tragedy, the prime minister officer said on twitter.
;;-0.34;;in india, she will hold talks with president mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi tomorrow, exploring ways to expand cooperation between the two neighbours whose ties were strained over the agitation by the madhesi community last year.
;;-0.296;;b'gujarat high court today pulled chief minister narendramodi modis state government saying some of its high-ranking police officers were protecting,shielding and siding with the policemen accused in the 2004 ishrat jahan encounter case.
;;0.4404;;responding to the development, sports minister kiren rijiju thanked prime minister narendramodi and the finance minister for the initiative.
;;0.4939;;(source:twitter/@gvlnrao)following sonia gandhis allegations that the country was being pushed towards a regressive worldview under the bjp-led central government, the bjp hit back, saying the congress working committee should ponder whether it was left with any working hand (alluding to congress symbol) other than the narendramodi government.
;;0.6025;;ideas of new india by prime minister narendramodi have found admiration among people but a negativist congress cannot accept an india on the move, which is appreciated globally and is making rapid strides in development, bjp spokesperson g v l rao said.
;;-0.4215;;express photominorities, especially, the muslim community feel insecure under prime minister narendramodi , says shahid rafi, son of the legendary singer mohammed rafi.
;;-0.128;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi refused to oblige lensmen to shake hands with his bihar counterpart nitish kumar at the internal security conference here today.
;;-0.5994;;in 2011, when narendramodi was chief minister of gujarat, the state government had imposed a complete ban on slaughter of cows, transportation and selling of cow meat by amending the act.
;;-0.4588;;reserve banks outgoing governor raghuram rajan, whose outspoken views have often been seen as being critical of the government, feels whatever he will say on prime minister narendramodi will be problematic.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to attend the concert being organised by an international forum, global citizen, at the mmrda ground in bandra-kurla complex.
;;0.8074;;shiv sena mouthpiece saamna today showered effusive praise on prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah for the governments move to revoke special status granted to jammu and kashmir.
;;0.7506;;we are falling shorts of words to praise prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah for their courageous act.
;;0.3612;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee tuesday termed her scheduled meeting with prime minister narendramodi on wednesday as a courtesy one and said she would bring up various issues including funds that are due to the state.
;;0.0;;bjp national secretary rahul sinha said, we all know the kind of language she (banerjee) had used against prime minister narendramodi during lok sabha elections and afterwards.
;;-0.7096;;chief minister pinarayi vijayan has criticised the ban and shot off a letter to prime minister narendramodi saying imposing restrictions on the cattle trade will affect the countrys secular ethos and millions of livelihoods.
;;0.0;;however, he had received an indirect rebuke from prime minister narendramodi after his mla son akash beat up a government official in public view in indore.
;;0.4215;;this itself is a vindication of the kind of redemption which the government under prime minister narendramodi has succeeded in bringing about in just two-and-a-half years, said singh, minister of state in prime ministers office.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi being presented a memento at the 85th annual conference of srimanta sankaradeva sangha, at sibasagar, assam on february 05, 2016.
;;0.0;;(source: pib) prime minister narendramodi being presented a memento at the 85th annual conference of srimanta sankaradeva sangha, at sibasagar, assam on february 05, 2016.
;;0.3182;;(source: pib)prime minister narendramodi on friday paid rich tributes to srimanta sankaradeva  the 16th century saint-reformer of assam  and said that he not only pioneered eradication of untouchability in india, five centuries ago but also took spiritualism to a new heights by painting it with the colours of lives of the common man.
;;0.3612;;he said the us state department had refused to give visa to then gujarat chief minister narendramodi in 2006, but when modi was elected as prime minister, the us changed its policy for political gains.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi , last year, actually told mps to stay away from parliamentary committees dealing with subjects in which they may have business interests.
;;0.4019;;across vidarbha, north and western maharashtra, konkan and marathwada, fadnavis has emerged as the face of the party in the run-up to the polls, in the same way that prime minister narendramodi is seen as the partys face in other poll-bound states.
;;0.0;;ncps jayant patil often says, at the centre it is narendramodi (modi) and in maharashtra devendra (fadnavis).
;;0.0;;shahabuddin courted controversy when he wrote an open letter to then gujarat chief minister narendramodi regarding muslim voters ahead of the assembly elections in november 2012.
;;0.0;;chirag paswan said he had also written to prime minister narendramodi and asked the government to file a review petition against the order.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday launched the usd 4.
;;0.5423;;share this article related article bullet train gets past major hurdle over bkc landbullet train gets past major hurdle over bkc land gujarat govt to help railways acquire land for bullet train projectgujarat govt to help railways acquire land for bullet train project mumbai-ahmedabad bullet train: amid failure to secure land for station, panel suggests elevated corridor at extra rs 10k crmumbai-ahmedabad bullet train: amid failure to secure land for station, panel suggests elevated corridor at extra rs 10k cr mumbai bullet train clears major hurdlemumbai bullet train clears major hurdle bullet train project: fadnavis asks rlys to use its own landmumbai-ahmedabad bullet train project stuck, no consensus yet on land for stationwhile the railways has told the state that it would get back with an answer, some in the ministry are inclined to knock on prime minister narendramodi modis door for a solution or a compromise, given that maharashtra is a bjp-ruled state.
;;0.0;;b'british prime minister theresa may british prime minister theresa mayprime minister theresa may will raise with her indian counterpart narendramodi the issue of six former british soldiers lodged in a tamil nadu jail during her upcoming visit to india.
;;0.2247;;(representational)india is set to miss a december deadline to acquire land for a japan-backed $17 billion bullet train project following protests by fruit growers, government officials said, likely delaying one of prime minister narendramodi modis most ambitious projects.
;;-0.5267;;marking the 44th anniversary of the emergency on tuesday, prime minister narendramodi paid homage to the greats who fiercely and fearlessly resisted the 21-month long emergency imposed by then prime minister indira gandhi in 1975.
;;0.802;;while indian prime minister narendramodi and his partys political gains are unquestionable, the military in pakistan has managed to cobble together a popular opinion regarding its role as the defender of the territorial and ideological integrity of the state.
;;0.6124;;pti photo by kamal kishorereflecting a new sense of bonhomie between india and the us, top american lawmakers praised the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and underscored that the bilateral relationship has entered a new phase.
;;-0.128;;against the backdrop of the ongoing nationwide strike of ordnance factory workers, mukesh singh, general secretary of bhartiya pratiraksha mazdoor sangh (bpms)  an arm of rss affiliate bharatiya mazdoor sangh  questioned prime minister narendramodi on wednesday whether the vikas of civilian defence workers were not part of his sabka saath, sabka vikas, sabka vishwas slogan.
;;0.1779;;advertisingspeaking to the indian express, singh said, on this proposal of corporatisation, we want to ask prime minister narendramodi that when he gives the country a slogan of sabka saath, sabka vikas, sabka vishwas, doesnt he mean the vikas of over 80,000 defence civilian workers?
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi during his independence day speech on 15th august said the people of balochistan, gilgit and pakistan-occupied kashmir have thanked him a lot in the past few days.
;;-0.2263;;(pti photo)with protests against the supreme courts ban on jallikattu entering the second day on wednesday and spreading across tamil nadu, chief minister o panneerselvam left for delhi in the evening for a meeting with prime minister narendramodi on thursday.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with president pranab mukherjee.
;;0.0;;pti photo/rb (file) prime minister narendramodi with president pranab mukherjee.
;;0.0;;pti photo/rb (file)prime minister narendramodi modis radio programme mann ki baat will now be available in a book.
;;0.0;;president pranab mukherjee will received the first copies of books mann ki baat: a social revolution on radio and marching with a billion- analysing narendramodi modis government at midterm from lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, who will formally release it at a function to be held at rashtrapati bhavan tomorrow.
;;0.4404;;the book marching with a billion- analysing narendramodi modis government at midterm analyses the monumental changes that modi has brought on multiple fronts as the prime minister on indias governance landscape by ushering in an unprecedented culture of transparency to create a level playing field so necessary in a developing country.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi at mahabodhi temple saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by prashant ravi) pm narendramodi at mahabodhi temple saturday.
;;0.4118;;(source: express photo by prashant ravi)prime minister narendramodi greeted the country on the occasion of buddha purnima on wednesday, but it is his top quotes of pm modi on lord buddha on the narendramodi app (www.
;;0.0;;the story actually had 11 quotes by the pm, with pictures of narendramodi bowing his head at various buddha temples in the country and abroad.
;;0.0;;he was responding to a question on prime minister narendramodi modis reference, during his independence day speech, to the situation in balochistan, gilgit and pakistan-occupied kashmir.
;;0.0258;;gogoi further charged prime minister narendramodi for taking contradictory stance in relation to pakistan, as his strong statements before elections turned into conciliatory ones after becoming pm.
;;0.1027;;the long queues of gas-guzzling american convertibles and hybrid japanese hatchbacks outside the sap centre in san jose sunday night was not for a boxing match or a taylor swift concert, but a community reception for prime minister narendramodi  the biggest thing in the silicon valley indians calendar.
;;-0.25;;demonstrators hold signs in protest against narendramodi before a community reception outside sap center in san jose, california.
;;0.0;;the use of indigenous fabric for the 4,000-strong cabin crew was suggested by the national carriers internal committee, in accordance with prime minister narendramodi modis make in india and khadi for fashion slogans.
;;-0.3724;;though we are not here to seek your votes today,we should not help those who do not help us, he said adding chief minister narendramodi was not bothered at all to make drinking water available to people in saurashtra,kutch and north gujarat regions where drought-like situation prevails due to spars rains last monsoon.
;;0.0516;;last year, after the world banks ease of doing business ranking placed india at a lowly 130 out of 150 countries, prime minister narendramodi asked bureaucrats to explain the reasons for the countrys poor performance and directed them to work on improving the ranking.
;;0.0;;during the tenure of prime minister narendramodi , he said more funds were allocated under the pm fasal bima yojana than it was prior to 2014 during the upa regime.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi on monday arrived at all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) to meet former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee, who is presently admitted there for a routine-check-up.
;;0.5574;;pm narendramodi and devendra fadnavisthe decks for the construction of dr b r ambedkar memorial at indu mills compound in mumbai were cleared on sunday following a tripartite agreement signed between union textile minister, government of maharashtra and national textile corporation in delhi.
;;0.0;;he will also call on prime minister narendramodi later, a bjp official told ians here on the condition of anonymity.
;;-0.4588;;(source: ani)asserting indias stand in tackling climate change, prime minister narendramodi on friday said same set of rules cannot be applied to all countries uniformly even as he identified poverty as the biggest challenge for environment.
;;0.0;;pointing out that karnataka and other southern states when compared to bjp ruled states, are hundred years ahead, hariprasad said prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and yeddyurappa repeatedly speak about vikasa (development), but the steps they taking is leading the country towards vinasha (destruction).
;;0.0;;tenzin y. sharchokpadelhilike thatcher* apropos revolutionary conservative (ie,april 10) by pratap bhanu mehta,there seem to be some similarities between gujarat chief minister narendramodi and the late margaret thatcher.
;;-0.5423;;kalan added, we gave two memorandums to dcs of each district, one was addressed in name of cm punjab demanding debt waiver for farmers while another was addressed to prime minister narendramodi asking the centre to take action against those responsible for the firing in mp.
;;0.0;;she equated it with prime minister narendramodi modis government, described these as sahayogi sarkar or governments in partnership, and called for votes to remove these tanashahi governments.
;;0.0387;;but in towns and the villages nearby, patnaik and the bjds conch is engaged in a fierce fight with prime minister narendramodi and the bjps lotus.
;;-0.3291;;the partys balangir mp and candidate kalikesh narayan singh deo tells voters: naveen patnaik wanted to give you money, but narendramodi stopped it.
;;0.4588;;earlier in the day, renuka chowdhury filed a privilege motion against rijiju for posting a video of prime minister narendramodi mocking her laughter in the rajya sabha.
;;0.4215;;b'prime minister narendramodi at a dinner hosted by the president of united states of america (usa), barack obama, at the white house, in washington dc.
;;0.4215;;(file/pti) prime minister narendramodi at a dinner hosted by the president of united states of america (usa), barack obama, at the white house, in washington dc.
;;-0.8442;;he also accused prime minister narendramodi of symbolising crony capitalism and called bjp president amit shah a murder accused.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on friday hosted dinner for key functionaries of the bjp and rss.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi on friday hosted dinner for key functionaries of the bjp and rss.
;;0.4019;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday hosted dinner for key functionaries of the bjp and rss, including party president amit shah and sanghs executive head suresh bhaiyyaji joshi, at his official residence, sources said.
;;-0.0772;;b'prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)in the 69 years of parliamentary democracy in india, no prime minister has been as audacious as narendramodi modi.
;;0.0;;and even that happened only after the chief minister parkash singh badal  whose shiromani akali dal (sad) is an alliance partner of the bjp both at the centre and the state  personally met and sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention.
;;0.4404;;congress biggest hope in varanasi, ajai rai, who had contested the lok sabha election against prime minister narendramodi was also trailing in third place behind bjp candidate awadhesh singh and babulal of the bsp.
;;-0.7184;;pavan khengrencp chief sharad pawar on sunday attacked prime minister narendramodi over what he termed the worsening condition of dalits, minorities and women in the country and the talkative pms silence on key public issues.
;;-0.8885;;(ap photo)prime minister narendramodi on saturday condemned the attack in afghanistan which killed more than 50 afghan soldiers.
;;0.3217;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday came down heavily on the congress for only recognising the works of the gandhi-nehru family, saying the grand old party did not even credit the work of its own former prime ministers narasimha rao and manmohan singh, leave alone bjps atal bihari vajpayee.
;;0.5574;;in september last year, prime minister narendramodi and his japanese counterpart, shinzo abe, launched the ambitious high speed rail project entailing a total cost of around rs 1.
;;0.4019;;arvind kejriwal, anshu prakash arvind kejriwal, anshu prakashlashing out at prime minister narendramodi , the aam aadmi party wednesday said he had used delhi chief secretary anshu prakash to file a false case against chief minister arvind kejriwal.
;;0.7717;;that this is a corruption-free, scam-free government, said party spokesman abhishek singhvitearing into prime minister narendramodi modis claim of zero tolerance to corruption, congress on friday dubbed as greatest myth the propaganda that bjp governments are scam free.
;;0.7717;;and president obama was able to work effectively with prime minister narendramodi to reach an agreement about the commitments that india would make in the context of the paris climate talks, he said.
;;0.4939;;he had signed an agreement in presence of prime minister narendramodi and cm fadnavis to take up the mumbai-pune project.
;;0.6705;;(pti photo)top military commanders along with prime minister narendramodi , defence minister manohar parrikar and national security advisor ajit doval met in dehradun on saturday and took stock of the security challenges before the country.
;;0.0;;it all started in 2009 when chief minister narendramodi inaugurated anupam khers acting school,actor prepares,in ahmedabad.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday carried out a major expansion of his council of ministers, inducting 19 new faces, including several dalit and obc leaders from poll-bound states like up.
;;0.0;;pinarayi vijayan, chief minister of kerala (file photo) pinarayi vijayan, chief minister of kerala (file photo)kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan monday hit out at the bjp-led nda government for replacing the photo of mahatma gandhi with that of prime minister narendramodi on the calendars and diaries of khadi and village industries commission saying it is an act of sheer pettiness.
;;0.3182;;referring to his recent conversation with prime minister narendramodi , he said the fantastic man informed him that india has reduced tariffs on imported motorcycles, but the us was getting nothing.
;;0.1531;;us president donald trump (r) greets prime minister narendramodi during their joint news conference in the rose garden of the white house in washington.
;;0.1531;;(source: reuters) us president donald trump (r) greets prime minister narendramodi during their joint news conference in the rose garden of the white house in washington.
;;-0.7964;;chief minister narendramodi expressed deep grief over the death of former chief of rss k sudarshan.
;;0.0;;bjp today termed the allegations levelled by delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal against prime minister narendramodi and its president amit shah as senseless and baseless.
;;0.4939;;india and russia on thursday signed an agreement for the two new reactors for the kudankulam nuclear power plant (knpp) on the sidelines of the annual summit between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.4939;;(source: pti photo) india and russia on thursday signed an agreement for the two new reactors for the kudankulam nuclear power plant (knpp) on the sidelines of the annual summit between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.4939;;india and russia on thursday signed an agreement for the two new reactors for the kudankulam nuclear power plant (knpp) on the sidelines of the annual summit between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.128;;at a joint teleconference in october 2016 with narendramodi we launched the construction of the plants third and fourth units.
;;0.9118;;mufti sahib too trusted the commitment and words of prime minister narendramodi about a new beginning in the state and that is why he always had praise for him further solidifying the mutual trust between two alliance partners in the state, singh said.
;;0.4215;;the testimonials on chief minister narendramodi and his government were written by ron somers,president of the united states india business council; ratan tata of the tata group and anil ambani of the anil dhirubhai ambani group,among others,during the 2011 summit.
;;-0.4168;;malik will of course meet his host, commerce minister suresh prabhu, but it isnt clear yet whether he will also be received by prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj.
;;0.6369;;the trump administration wants prime minister narendramodi to lower trade barriers and embrace fair and reciprocal trade, the united states said tuesday hours after secretary of state mike pompeo landed in new delhi on a three-day visit.
;;0.25;;a delhi court on friday granted bail to congress leader shashi tharoor over his alleged scorpion remark against prime minister narendramodi , pti reported.
;;0.9136;;b'we shall impress upon narendramodi that he should visit different parts of india, a country just as lovely as the united states or france or china or japan or fiji, and address the people of india who are just as friendly as the bhaiyon aur behnon who had gathered in large numbers at madison square garden or the wembley stadium.
;;0.9136;;we shall impress upon narendramodi that he should visit different parts of india, a country just as lovely as the united states or france or china or japan or fiji, and address the people of india who are just as friendly as the bhaiyon aur behnon who had gathered in large numbers at madison square garden or the wembley stadium.
;;0.4404;;maurya, who was the leader of the opposition in the state assembly before he left bsp in june, said he was impressed with prime minister narendramodi modis work to empower the weaker sections and lashed out at bsp chief mayawati for turning her party into an industrial house and allegedly selling tickets.
;;0.6249;;the party, under prime minister narendramodi and shah, has been making a determined bid to wrest amethi from rahul gandhi.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi was showered with gifts during his whirlwind tour of assam.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was showered with gifts during his whirlwind tour of assam.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was given numerous gifts during the five rallies that he attended during the first day of his whirlwind two-day election campaign tour of assam.
;;0.4588;;(source: express photo by debabrata mohanty)prime minister narendramodi was given a rousing welcome by the people here on saturday during his 9 -km roadshow that he held soon after arriving at the city airport to attend the bjp national executive meet.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , whose lok sabha election campaigning witnessed speeches that entailed about the triple talaq bill, termed the practice as archaic and medieval after the presidential assent thursday.
;;0.7717;;the sp, who had posted a fitness video of his superman push-ups, felt honoured wednesday morning when his video was retweeted by prime minister narendramodi in the ongoing fitness challenge trending on the social media.
;;0.0;;he said that prime minister narendramodi visited several countries during past three years but not the home of even a single farmer.
;;-0.0772;;omar abduallah (file photo) omar abduallah (file photo)former jammu and kashmir chief minister omar abdullah ruffled many a feather by saying that prime minister narendramodi modis landslide in uttar pradesh had shattered the opposition hopes of unseating him soon.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with home minister rajnath singh, foreign minister sushma swaraj, v naidu, arun jaitley at the eleventh inter-state council meeting, in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi with home minister rajnath singh, foreign minister sushma swaraj, v naidu, arun jaitley at the eleventh inter-state council meeting, in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0772;;(source: pti)concern over the misuse of article 356 by the central government resonated in the inter-state council meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi on saturday, with a number of non-bjp states flagging concerns.
;;0.0;;sanders remarks come days after prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump discussed kashmir on the sidelines of the g7 summit at biarritz in france.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi completes one year in office on may 26.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)on may 26, the narendramodi government, which was voted to power last year on the back of a commanding majority, will complete one year in office.
;;0.6597;;as leader of the government, prime minister narendramodi has certainly showed a marked shift in leadership and style of governance compared to the earlier upa regime but there are areas such as health and education where the administration is yet to show sustained progress.
;;0.0;;timeline in textmay 26, 2014  sworn to power  after landslide elections, prime minister narendramodi and his cabinet are sworn in at an elaborate function in the forecourt of the rashtrapati bhawan.
;;0.0;;august 15, 2014  invoking the pradhan sevak  making his first independence day speech after becoming indias premier, narendramodi made a pitch for a swacch bharat and exhorted countrymen to make efforts to educate the girl child.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with manmohan singh.
;;0.0;;file photo prime minister narendramodi with manmohan singh.
;;-0.6908;;this one remark by prime minister narendramodi about his predecessor manmohan singh in the rajya sabha wednesday infuriated the congress and led to a series of opposition walkouts that eventually left only three political opponents  sharad pawar of ncp, ram kumar kashyap of inld and v vijay sai reddy of ysr congress  to vote on amendments to the presidents address.
;;0.7096;;hence, from maintaining a robust scout guide programme for which even prime minister narendramodi announced an award to maintaining an ayurveda garden with teachers and making paper bags to distribute near temples to raise environment awareness, students have been involved in everything, says the 45-year-old academician.
;;0.0;;on the biopic of prime minister narendramodi , set for release on april 11, the ec had decided to write to the central board of film certification (cbfc) seeking clarification on whether the film, pm narendramodi , has been certified or not.
;;-0.6369;;the opposition has sought an apology from prime minister narendramodi for his disparaging remarks against them outside the house and a discussion on demonetisation in lok sabha under rule 56 that entails voting; the government has refused .
;;0.0;;as the sun set on the last day of electioneering in poll-bound rajasthan,bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi turned the heat on in chief minister ashok gehlots home turf in sardarpura,jodhpur.
;;0.0;;indian pm narendramodi took a big initiative on december 25, 2015 by meeting his pakistani counterpart in lahore.
;;0.802;;rao, however, said he had great respect for prime minister narendramodi for running a corruption-free government at the centre.
;;0.0;;his comments come ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis trip to china in june.
;;0.3182;;(pti photo)jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti on saturday congratulated prime minister narendramodi on the landslide victory in up and uttarakhand and expressed hope that it will help him meet the challenges confronting her troubled state.
;;0.802;;watch what else is making newsin a statement in jammu, she said, i congratulate prime minister narendramodi and his party on this resounding victory which is an endorsement of his governments governance, developmental and economic agenda.
;;-0.4588;;the rs 1,880 crore figure he cited has drawn all-round denials,but with gujarat chief minister narendramodi having made an issue of sonia gandhis tours abroad,including for medical treatment,the bjp today went on the offensive.
;;-0.6249;;vohra is likely to meet prime minister narendramodi to apprise him of the situation in the state, especially against the backdrop of mondays violence.
;;0.0;;sources said the appointment committee of cabinet (acc) headed by prime minister narendramodi picked up bhatnagar based on his seniority.
;;0.0;;the bjp leader also claimed that subramanian had indicted prime minister narendramodi as a mediocre performer when the latter was the chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.5859;;(file photo)reiterating the political significance of somnath, from where the ram rath yatra was flagged off by bjp leader l k advani on september 25, 1990, gujarats minister of state for home pradeepsinh jadeja on friday said that the yatras architect was narendramodi , who was one of the organisers of the rath yatra as a then party leader.
;;0.0;;speaking on the opening day of the two-day state bjp executive meet in this temple town, jadeja said, iss ram yatra ki awaaz, jo somnath se uthi uski aawaz  chalo ayodhya, chalo ayodhya, tamne aa janaava anand thay che ke aa samagra ram rath yatra na shilpi, samagra desh na vada pradhan narendramodi na netrutva hetad ram naam na jhankaro, aakha desh ni andar prasthapit karva ame samarpit thaya hata.
;;0.7003;;(i am happy to inform you that these voices of ram rath yatra which swelled from somnath saying chalo ayodhya, the architect and planner was none other than pm narendramodi under whose leadership the name of ram is spreading across the country, and we are also committed to this).
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (photo: ap) prime minister narendramodi (photo: ap)prime minister narendramodi will address as many as 4,000 jews of indian origin in a community event during his much-anticipated visit to israel next month.
;;-0.1027;;on july 22, during his joint media appearance with pakistan prime minister imran khan at the white house, president trump stunned india by saying that prime minister narendramodi sought his mediation/arbitration on the kashmir issue.
;;0.7269;;b'amid talk about chief minister narendramodi modis projection as bjps prime ministerial candidate,vishwa hindu parishad leader acharya dharmendra sunday said he wants a true patriot to fit in the countrys top post after the next elections.
;;-0.25;;in what could be a big catch for the bjp from kerala, expelled congress leader ap abdullakutty held discussions with prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah at the parliament house on monday.
;;0.0;;advertisingshah had taken over as bjp president from rajnath singh in july 2014 when the latter joined prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet.
;;0.8176;;bail to jagan exposes upa governments double standards: bjpwhat i want narendramodi to do is,i appreciate modi as an administrator,i want modi to change this entire system in bringing every party on to a secular platform in the interest of the nation, he said.
;;-0.7405;;advertisingcondemning the attack, prime minister narendramodi said sacrifices of those killed will not go in vain.
;;0.0;;chief ministers narendramodi (gujarat),b s yeddyurappa (karnataka),shivraj singh (madhya pradesh),arjun munda (jharkhand),raman kumar (chattisgarh),r p nishank (uttarakhand) and p k dhumal (himachal pradesh) were present in the meeting.
;;0.0;;around 10 gujarat police officers,including one sp and an igp,accompanied chief minister narendramodi to kanpur on saturday for vijay shankhanad rally.
;;0.6124;;describing himself as a staunch party loyalist, the actor-turned politician also stated that sycophants criticise for the sake of criticism, while expressing hope that prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah will take notice of such unparliamentary utterances of some of our party people.
;;0.6369;;for its development, india needs a movement akin to the freedom movement, prime minister narendramodi said today.
;;0.0;;the portal, named narendramodi computer saksharta mission (www.
;;0.0772;;(source: ani_news/twitter) (source: ani_news/twitter)dmk working president m k stalin today visited the protesting tamil nadu farmers at jantar mantar here, and demanded that prime minister narendramodi waive off their loans like he promised in uttar pradesh during the recent assembly polls there.
;;0.4215;;back in 2016, asked whether the government was open to hiring talent from outside the government for policymaking, prime minister narendramodi had told a group of journalists, we have, already.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with finance minister arun jaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with finance minister arun jaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi performed puja at kedanath after spending the night meditating for 17 hours in a cave near the holy shrine, pti reported on sunday.
;;-0.3818;;watch video: white house cites clause to keep mum on bhopal gas tragedy pleathe response then asked readers to refer to the highlights of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the united states in june this year.
;;0.0;;the advertisement also has pictures of prime minister narendramodi , union home minister amit shah, chief minister yogi adityanath, state bjp chief swatantra dev singh and uttar pradesh speaker hriday narain dixit, besides sengars wife sangeeta singh, who is the chairman of the zila panchayat.
;;0.6801;;gujarat chief minister vijay rupani (source: pti, file) gujarat chief minister vijay rupani (source: pti, file)gujarat chief minister vijay rupani on sunday said cashless india, digital india and clean india are the projects very dear to prime minister narendramodi and vadodara is taking steps in that direction.
;;-0.2263;;she will hold talks with president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi , exploring ways to expand cooperation between the two close neighbours whose ties faced some strains following the agitation by the madhesi community last year.
;;0.0;;sinha, who moved to rajiv gandhi bhavan from north block following the july 5 cabinet reshuffle by prime minister narendramodi , had last week conducted review meetings with the ministry officials to understand the opportunities and challenges in domestic aviation sector.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi modis rebuke to akash vijayvargiya, reportedly delivered during the first meeting of the bjps parliamentary party after it came back to power at the centre on tuesday, was much-needed.
;;-0.4767;;laxman also condemned the criticism made against his party by trs leaders over postponement of an appointment of an all-party delegation from the state with prime minister narendramodi on sc categorisation issue.
;;0.765;;(express photo by ravi kanojia/file)after congress president rahul gandhis fuel challenge, senior party leader oommen chandy on wednesday threw a sbi save challenge to prime minister narendramodi asking him to prevent the public sector bank from levying additional monthly service charge fee.
;;0.7579;;as narendramodi accepted an online fitness challenge from indian cricket captain virat kohli, congress president rahul gandhi had last month dared the pm for a fuel challenge, asking him to reduce the spiralling fuel prices in the country or face a nationwide stir by his party.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee shaking hands on an occasion.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee shaking hands on an occasion.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee congratulated isro on its achievements in launching one of its heaviest communication satellites, the gsat-19 on monday.
;;0.0;;chinese-state run media too highlighted xis meetings with kazakhstan counterpart nursultan nazarbayev, prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.1027;;zakia jafri, widow of former congress mp ahsan jafri at her home in surat (express photo) zakia jafri, widow of former congress mp ahsan jafri at her home in surat (express photo)defending its closure report giving clean chit to the then chief minister narendramodi and 60 others in the 2002 riots, the supreme court-appointed special investigation team (sit) on friday told the gujarat high court that there was no scope for any further investigation into the allegations of zakia jafri, wife of former congress mp ahsan jafri who was killed in the gulberg society massacre.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu (express photo) prime minister narendramodi and his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu (express photo)after three days packed with high-level public meetings and events in new delhi, israel prime minister benjamin netanyahu is travelling with prime minister narendramodi to gujarat and maharashtra.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi on saturday took a dig at prime minister manmohan singh,asking if he wasnt already working under the leadership of congress vice-president rahul gandhi.
;;0.8126;;although the bjp central leadership on saturday said it would try to persuade respected leader keshubhai patel to reconsider his decision to quit the party,it has all along watched the former chief ministers campaign against narendramodi in gujarat with indifference  offering him only a sense of pride and respect in delhi against the one-man show in the state.
;;0.4588;;(source: file photo)asserting that india attaches high priority to its relations with vietnam, prime minister narendramodi on friday said the partnership between both sides will benefit asia and the rest of the world.
;;-0.3839;;(photo pti)bsp chief mayawati on wednesday, asked prime minister narendramodi to ensure strict action against those indulging in attack against dalits in the name of cow protection and not just show sympathy.
;;0.7506;;hours before his death,salot,who belongs to rajkot,was celebrating chief minister narendramodi modis appointment as bjps campaign committee chairman,with party workers.
;;-0.0129;;hours before his death salot spoke with the indian express and had said,the popularity of narendramodi is growing nationally not only among hindus but also among muslims.
;;0.0;;tashkent : prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with uzbekistans president islam karimov during a bilateral meeting in tashkent, uzbekistan on thursday.
;;0.0;;pti photo by subhav shukla tashkent : prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with uzbekistans president islam karimov during a bilateral meeting in tashkent, uzbekistan on thursday.
;;0.7425;;pti photo by subhav shuklaprime minister narendramodi on thursday held a meeting with uzbekistan president islam karimov during which the two leaders called for more security cooperation to further expand and strengthen bilateral relations.
;;-0.5423;;in porbandar: criticises manmohan singh for calling pakistan prime minister yousaf raza gillani a man of peacechief minister narendramodi on sunday lashed out at prime minister manmohan singh for hailing his pakistani counterpart yousaf raza gillani as a man of peace even as that country has arrested several hundred indian fishermen and apprehended trawlers only for losing their way in water.
;;0.2263;;tn cm panneerselvam with pm modi (ani photo) tn cm panneerselvam with pm modi (ani photo)as massive protests over the supreme court ban on jallikattu entered the third day in chennai and other parts of tamil nadu on thursday, chief minister o panneerselvam met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi and urged him to bring in an ordinance for the conduct of the popular traditional sport.
;;-0.4019;;# pmk leader anbumani ramadoss, who was sitting on dharna outside prime minister narendramodi modis residence seeking ordinance on jallikattu, has been detained by the police.
;;-0.7003;;(file)the isros record launch of 104 satellites including 90 that belonged to the us, a country which once denied visa to prime minister narendramodi , is proof of indias development, union minister harsh vardhan said friday.
;;0.8519;;pti photojammu and kashmirs ruling peoples democratic party (pdp) on tuesday welcomed prime minister narendramodi modis statement on the kashmir situation and expressed hope that it would mark a fresh beginning in a sustained dialogue process to address the issues.
;;0.5994;;breaking his silence on the 32-day turmoil in kashmir, prime minister narendramodi , at a public rally in bhabra in madhya pradesh, on tuesday advocated a path of democracy and dialogue to restore peace in the spirit of insaniyat (humanity), jamhuriyat (democracy) and kashmiriyat.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is a strict vegetarian.
;;0.0;;kant said one of the things which prime minister narendramodi has been focusing on in recent times is the target of becoming a usd 5 trillion economy by 2024 and subsequently a usd 10 trillion economy by 2030.
;;0.0;;the purported letter allegedly mentioned of a plan to assassinate prime minister narendramodi in another rajiv gandhi-type incident, the police told the court.
;;-0.4588;;smoking out gutkhagutkha has been banned in gujarat by the narendramodi government.
;;0.7096;;the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on monday said prime minister narendramodi modis plea for respecting the muslim women was correct.
;;0.5423;;uddhavs constant criticism of prime minister narendramodi over demonetisation and chief minister devendra fadnavis for mismanagement of the state alliance signalled a coming of age moment where the usually calm uddhav stood up against the bjp denying the latter a free hand in their alliance.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi should break his silence on the controversy over his photo on kvic calendar and diary otherwise people would assume that it was done with his consent, congress leader ahmed patel said on sunday.
;;0.2263;;(source: ani) prime minister narendramodi should break his silence on the controversy over his photo on kvic calendar and diary otherwise people would assume that it was done with his consent, congress leader ahmed patel said on sunday.
;;0.2263;;(source: ani)prime minister narendramodi should break his silence on the controversy over his photo on kvic calendar and diary otherwise people would assume that it was done with his consent, congress leader ahmed patel said on sunday.
;;0.5106;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)prime minister narendramodi sunday appealed to the people to build a new india which is free of casteism, communalism and corruption.
;;-0.6943;;b'a clique in bjp is furious over bjp president rajnath singh elevating gujarat chief minister narendramodi and not giving a suitable promotion to madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.743;;the leaders were hoping that in order to balance the growing clamour for gujarat chief minister narendramodi as the prime ministerial candidate,the bjps national leadership would also include chouhan in the parliamentary board,but their hopes were dashed when the list was officially declared.
;;-0.3826;;days after world health organisations deputy director general (programmes) soumya swaminathan hit out at nationalistic groups for opposing vaccines, a group of medical associations have written to prime minister narendramodi and urged him not to pay heed to unsubstantiated and irresponsible claims about vaccines.
;;0.4019;;we wish to have a word with chief minister narendramodi at the end of the yatra.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi addressing at the kisan rally in belgaum, karnataka on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi addressing at the kisan rally in belgaum, karnataka on saturday.
;;0.0772;;(pti photo)calling for a relook at the proposal to link rivers in the country, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said that if water management is given importance, there would be no farmer suicides.
;;0.0;;indian prime minister narendramodi described him as one of the tallest leaders of our times.
;;0.4404;;srinagar: prime minister narendramodi addressing the bjp supporters during vijay sankalp rally at srinagar in uttarakhand on sunday.
;;0.4404;;pti photo srinagar: prime minister narendramodi addressing the bjp supporters during vijay sankalp rally at srinagar in uttarakhand on sunday.
;;-0.0869;;express photodespite being denied a cabinet post for the party in the centre by prime minister narendramodi , the lone mos from shiv sena, anant geete, did not boycott the swearing-in ceremony held at rashtrapati bhawan in new delhi and in fact participated in the event.
;;0.6369;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi held a roadshow on his four-km ride to the national executive from the bhubaneswar airport, leaning out of his vehicle and stepping out to greet supporters who lined the roads.
;;0.4019;;just weeks after prime minister narendramodi first pushed for simultaneous elections at a party forum on march 19, 2016, then finance minister arun jaitley had said the idea is fraught with many pit-falls, according to the minutes of a meeting of a committee of ministers (com) obtained by the indian express under the right to information act.
;;0.0;;(file photo)the us is looking forward to host prime minister narendramodi in washington later this month, the state department has said.
;;0.4019;;(source: express file photo by vishal srivastav)samajwadi party national president mulayam singh yadav will hold his first public meeting for the 2017 up elections on wednesday from muslim-obc dominated ghazipur district, where prime minister narendramodi had addressed bjps parivartan yatra on november 14.
;;0.0;;today, that constituency has shifted its allegiance to narendramodi , who has snatched the broom out of the aaps hands with the swachh bharat campaign.
;;0.7832;;yet, narendramodi won more than handsomely.
;;0.0;;b'j&k chief minister mehbooba mufti after meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) j&k chief minister mehbooba mufti after meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.4939;;former australian prime minister tony abbott had signed an agreement with prime minister narendramodi for civil nuclear cooperation in september 2014, clearing the way for uranium sales.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi had denounced cow vigilantes and asked people to beware of the fake protectors trying to divide society.
;;-0.3804;;naqvi also added that the message given by prime minister narendramodi on tuesday is a very serious one and forces trying to create unrest kashmir will be defeated by the people of kashmir themselves.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi indicated his willingness to hold a dialogue under the framework of insaniyat (humanity), jamhuriyat (democracy) and kashmiriyat.
;;0.6908;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping have the opportunity to meet at least three times this year to take forward their friendship forged during their unprecedented informal summit in wuhan, chinas ambassador to india luo zhaohui said on may 4.
;;0.0;;vice president hamid ansari accompanied by his wife salma, prime minister narendramodi , union ministers rajnath singh and gen (retd) v k singh and lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan were present on the occasion.
;;-0.8316;;zakia jafri, widow of former congress mp ahsan jafri at her home in surat (express photo) zakia jafri, widow of former congress mp ahsan jafri at her home in surat (express photo)the lawyers representing zakia jafri, wife of former congress mp ahsan jafri who was killed in the gulberg society massacre during the 2002 riots, on thursday concluded their submissions before the gujarat high court, which is hearing her petition challenging the clean chit to the then chief minister narendramodi and others in the communal riots.
;;0.0;;the purpose of this integration is to bring various parts of the country especially the northeast, close to each other under the banner of ek bharat shrestha bharat announced by prime minister narendramodi , sharma said during a press conference.
;;0.0;;b'when prime minister narendramodi took the stage at the public rally in kozhikode on saturday to break his silence on uri, it was a moment set in a clamorous context.
;;-0.7351;;the cardinal also denied reports that prime minister narendramodi had rejected a request on pope franciss visit to india.
;;0.4215;;b'prime minister narendramodi (source: pti) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti)national security and references to religious tension was at the core of prime minister narendramodi modis plea for votes in punjab as the ruling shiromani akali dal-bharatiya janata party (sad-bjp) alliance seeks to return to power.
;;0.7003;;finance minister arun jaitley finance minister arun jaitleythe union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , on wednesday approved a two per cent hike in dearness allowance for government employees and pensioners from january 1, 2017.
;;0.4767;;b'the changes, made with prime minister narendramodi modis approval, have come just 10 days ahead of the meeting of niti aayogs governing council.
;;0.4767;;the changes, made with prime minister narendramodi modis approval, have come just 10 days ahead of the meeting of niti aayogs governing council.
;;0.4767;;the changes, made with prime minister narendramodi modis approval, have come just 10 days ahead of the meeting of niti aayogs governing council.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi met the prime minister of pakistan, nawaz sharif at his residence on raiwind.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi met the prime minister of pakistan, nawaz sharif at his residence on raiwind.
;;0.9348;;for some pakistanis and indians, the surprise christmas day arrival of prime minister narendramodi in lahore was like an appearance by santa claus himself  a moment of merriness and joy, greatly anticipated, and deeply cherished.
;;0.0;;the sena also referred to prime minister narendramodi modis recent meeting with us president donald trump.
;;-0.3182;;( a grab from dinalmars youtube video)a young woman from uttar pradesh was gagged and whisked away by police when she raised slogans near the podium where prime minister narendramodi was addressing a gathering of women panchayat members on international womens day in gandhinagar on wednesday.
;;0.7003;;(source: ani)prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin on thursday held wide-ranging talks on bilateral, regional and international issues of mutual interests, including ways to boost energy and trade ties.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi (file photo) pm narendramodi (file photo)a first-of-its-kind conclave in india, the national womens parliament will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi at pavitra sangamam on the outskirts of vijayawada city in andhra pradesh capital region amaravati on friday.
;;-0.5574;;this comes in the wake of prime minister narendramodi modis call against the use of single-use plastic, and the centres plans to ban the use of plastic items such as carry bags, cutlery, milk pouches, decoration items, packaging materials and bottles, among others.
;;-0.6808;;(file)moderate hurriyat conference chairman mirwaiz umar farooq was on saturday detained after he defied house arrest and tried to march towards lal chowk city centre here to demand the resolution of the kashmir issue during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the state.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi modis call for a ban on the use of single-use plastic has put state dairies in a fix as they are still looking for an economical alternative to plastic pouches.
;;-0.9001;;prime minister narendramodi has announced an ex-gratia amount of rs 2 lakh to the next of kin of those who were killed and rs 50,000 for those seriously injured in the accident.
;;0.0;;the surge of skull caps suddenly dwindled on the final day of the three-day sadbhavana mission fast of chief minister narendramodi at the gujarat universitys convention hall.
;;0.5106;;(source: express photo by prem nath pandey)cricket became an analogy to highlight the warm ties between india and new zealand as prime ministers narendramodi and john key drew references from the game to stress on the progress made in their bilateral equation.
;;0.0;;b'jamshedpur: prime minister narendramodi addressing at the panchayati raj sammelan marking panchayati raj day and concluding session of gram uday se bharat uday programme in jamshedpur on sunday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) jamshedpur: prime minister narendramodi addressing at the panchayati raj sammelan marking panchayati raj day and concluding session of gram uday se bharat uday programme in jamshedpur on sunday.
;;-0.4588;;stating that the congress ran a positive campaign in the run-up to the polls, moily alleged that prime minister narendramodi , in contrast, ran a negative campaign, resorting to personal attacks against congress leaders.
;;-0.6908;;india denies trumps claim that pm modi asked him to mediate on kashmiradvertisingindia has denied us president donald trumps claim that prime minister narendramodi asked him to mediate on kashmir.
;;0.0;;pm modi with nursultan nazarbayev, president of the republic of kazakhstan (image: twitter/pmo) pm modi with nursultan nazarbayev, president of the republic of kazakhstan (image: twitter/pmo)prime minister narendramodi met kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev upon arriving in astana where he will attend the two-day shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit.
;;-0.4019;;(source: ap photo)india on friday reacted sharply to a new york times editorial, criticising prime minister narendramodi modis move to name yogi adityanath as uttar pradesh cm.
;;-0.6908;;police claimed that he was a lashkar-e-taiba member and was on a mission to kill chief minister narendramodi and vhp leader pravin togadia.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi was not the first to raise concern over the situation in balochistan, congress said on, insisting that the party-led upa government had consistently spoken about the spiralling violence and heavy pakistani military action.
;;0.0;;watch videohis statement came a day after the congress appeared to be speaking in different voices on the issue and the aicc even distancing itself from the remarks of senior leader salman khurshid on prime minister narendramodi modis reference to balochistan in his independence day address.
;;-0.25;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)several congress leaders and workers have been booked for their alleged attempt to burn an effigy of prime minister narendramodi during a protest event at pardi in valsad district on thursday evening.
;;0.6705;;chief minister narendramodi has himself keen interest in the activities and had recently visited the excavation site in vadnagar in mehsana district in north gujarat to take stock of the work.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)india alone cannot walk the path of peace with pakistan and the neighbouring country must walk away from terrorism if it wants bilateral dialogue to resume, prime minister narendramodi said today, amid continued chill in indo-pak ties.
;;0.3818;;taking forward the skill india concept of prime minister narendramodi , the skilled maharashtra, employable maharashtra initiative will make employment, self-employment opportunities available to the states youth aged between 15 and 45 years through skill training.
;;0.0258;;the rs 5 registration fee for gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis public meeting scheduled in hyderabad for august 11 sparked a fresh war of words between bjp and congress,which said the saffron party was monetizing democracy by collecting a listening tax.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi with cji j s khehar on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti pm narendramodi with cji j s khehar on sunday.
;;0.5423;;ptiprime minister narendramodi on sunday stressed the use of technology to ease judicial processes while chief justice of india jagdish singh khehar spoke about expeditiously dealing with cases related to triple talaq.
;;-0.9313;;expressinvestigation into the murder of undertrial rajesh dhurmut, who was shot dead outside the rohini court complex last saturday, has revealed that the assailants were hired by gangster neeraj bawanas cousin narendramodi , who wanted to avenge his uncles death, police said.
;;0.0;;police also said that besides the two bike-borne assailants, three to four more people, including narendramodi , were at the spot, inside an maruti i20 car, when the incident took place.
;;0.8885;;with a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping scheduled on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation summit this week, china monday hoped that the two leaders would discuss their respective trade frictions with the us and the two good friends could reach a consensus on opposing trade protectionism.
;;0.1779;;renuka puria day after turkeys president recep tayyip erdogan advocated a multilateral dialogue to settle the jammu and kashmir question, prime minister narendramodi on monday said that both sides have agreed to work together to strengthen cooperation bilaterally and multilaterally to effectively counter terrorism.
;;-0.296;;express photo by rana simranjit singhin a bid to find out the whereabouts of the 39 youths missing in iraq for the last two years, their families are seeking an appointment to meet prime minister narendramodi when he visits chandigarh on tuesday to mark yoga day.
;;-0.5106;;we have been repeatedly trying to meet pm narendramodi for the last few months and have tried every possible means of communication to get in touch with him, claimed gurpinder kaur, whose brother manjinder singh is one of the youths abducted by the islamic state (is) in iraq.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi with canadian prime minister justin trudeau during a bilateral meeting at the nuclear security summit in washington.
;;0.34;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with canadian prime minister justin trudeau during a bilateral meeting at the nuclear security summit in washington.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi also raised the issue in his campaign rallies.
;;-0.1531;;b'congress vice-president rahul gandhi (pti photo) congress vice-president rahul gandhi (pti photo)congress vice president rahul gandhi took an aggressive avatar against prime minister narendramodi at the congress partys national convention held in delhi on wednesday.
;;0.4588;;gandhi lashed out at prime minister narendramodi , bharatiya janata party and the rss at the convention over a myriad number of issues including demonetisation, mgnrega and economic slowdown.
;;-0.34;;the arrest comes ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to rameswaram in the district to inaugurate a memorial for former president late apj abdul kalam on july 27.
;;0.4019;;navy chief sunil lanba (file photo) navy chief sunil lanba (file photo)navy chief admiral sunil lanba will visit israel next week close on the heels of israel signing two major defence contracts with india and prime minister narendramodi modis planned trip to the country.
;;0.1531;;the day that began with pakistan air force shooting down a mig fighter jet and an indian air force pilot being captured by pakistans army, ended with prime minister narendramodi being briefed by chiefs of the three armed forces.
;;-0.3182;;he,however,candidly admitted that his party did fail to counter chief minister narendramodi and his false propaganda because he had control over the state machinery and industrialists were backing him.
;;0.7269;;watch what else is making newsrohatgi submitted that the selection panel, comprising prime minister narendramodi , chief justice of india j s khehar and leader of the single largest party in the opposition, mallikarjun kharge, met a day ago to select the new cbi chief and the minutes of the meeting were being drawn up.
;;0.0;;advertisingduring his campaigns, prime minister narendramodi has already stated that over 40 mlas of the trinamool are in touch with him.
;;-0.4767;;with the elections, now in their last lap, turning out as a virtual referendum on his bid for a second term for the bjp in power at the centre, prime minister narendramodi is framing the contest as one between the elite consensus of the khan market gang that he defeated in 2014 and his 45 years of tapasya.
;;0.0;;he (rahul gandhi) said he wanted to dismantle narendramodi modis image.
;;0.5106;;in 2019, people are hopeful of the congress and are saying that it is this organisation that is going to demolish mr narendramodi , the bjp and the rss, congress president rahul gandhi had told the indian express in an interview on may 5.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with union ministers venkaiah naidu and others.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with union ministers venkaiah naidu and others.
;;0.4019;;going by the sources in the bjp, both prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah took almost two months  during which they had several meetings that went on for hours  to finalise the list of new ministers to be inducted in the council of ministers on tuesday.
;;0.0516;;the ips officer has sought security cover for himself and his immediate family in view of the affidavit in which he has accused chief minister narendramodi of instructing policemen to go soft on the rioters after the godhra train burning incident of 2002.
;;-0.8834;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on thursday expressed anguish at the death of over twenty schoolchildren following an early morning collision between a school bus and a truck in uttar pradeshs etah district.
;;0.0;;imphal west: prime minister narendramodi at an election rally at langjing achouba ground, imphal west on saturday.
;;0.0;;pti photo imphal west: prime minister narendramodi at an election rally at langjing achouba ground, imphal west on saturday.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, pm narendramodi appealed to voters to come out and vote in large numbers.
;;0.0;;click here to read morepm modi to visit varanasi todayprime minister narendramodi will on saturday visit his parliamentary constituency, varanasi, ahead of the seventh and final phase of polling in uttar pradesh on march 8.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi addressing students at the smart india hackathon.
;;0.4019;;(source: ani) prime minister narendramodi addressing students at the smart india hackathon.
;;0.2023;;(source: ani)on saturday, prime minister narendramodi addressed over 10,000 aspiring innovators who will be aiming to solve 598 problems at smart india hackathon.
;;0.5423;;here are the top quotes by prime minister narendramodi in his address at the smart india hackathon:1.
;;-0.7783;;(file)the congress on thursday targeted prime minister narendramodi over his silence on the killing of 12 people in police firing in tuticorin.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi will soon have a new address on indira gandhi marg,the street in gandhinagar where the state secretariat is located.
;;-0.34;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , jayalalithaa referred to the arrest of four indian fishermen who had ventured from rameswaram, on june 5 and pointed out that this was the third such incident since may 31.
;;-0.2382;;prime minister narendramodi had dedicated to the nation the rail section of sonepur-digha bridge in march last but the road bridge could not be inaugurated then due to delay in construction of approach road on both digha and sonepur sides.
;;0.1531;;those who organised inauguration function for launch of rail bridge between sonepur and digha by the prime minister narendramodi last year did not have decency to invite prasad, the chief minister said.
;;0.0;;33 pm, prime minister narendramodi said in multiple tweets, spoke to officials & took stock of the situation in the wake of the earthquake felt in various parts of north india.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at 71st independence day celebrations at red fort, delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;exprees photo by amit mehra prime minister narendramodi at 71st independence day celebrations at red fort, delhi on tuesday.
;;-0.1027;;exprees photo by amit mehraon august 15, 2013, gujarat chief minister narendramodi delivered an independence day speech from bhuj which had parodied and questioned prime minister manmohan singhs address from the red fort that had ended a short while earlier.
;;-0.4767;;the wharton india economic forum revoked its decision to invite gujarat chief minister narendramodi to deliver a keynote address after three indian-american professors from the university of pennsylvania sent a petition signed by about 135 people furious against such a move.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)in 2014, when indian prime minister narendramodi visited nepal twice within a gap of six months, and after a gap of 17 years by any indian prime minister, he seemed to be introspective.
;;0.8834;;he said he has joined the saffron party because he wants to work in national interest as he is convinced that the country is safe under prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;-0.3182;;meanwhile, in light of the prevailing tension in the state, tamil nadu governor banwarilal purohit left for delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi over the cauvery issue.
;;-0.5994;;the cpi(m) leader alleged that the number of farmers committing suicide has gone up during the nda regime headed by prime minister narendramodi due to anti-farmer policies.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on friday asked various arms of the government to function in cohesion under a broad vision and lamented that its departments preferred to settle disputes in courts and worked in silos.
;;-0.8555;;speaking out against the attacks on kashmiris in the wake of the terror strike in pulwama on february 14, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday that our fight is for kashmir, not against kashmir or kashmiris.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi met us president barack obama at the white house on tuesday.
;;0.8126;;# narendramodi sought easier access for indian service companies to the us economy during his talks with presidentbarack obama# india, us agree on efforts for dismantling of terror havens# indias food security concern at wto needs solution, says modi# obama has given a new dimension to our relation has met with humility and grace says modi on meeting with obama.
;;0.8126;;# happy we are meeting after the success of our mars mission says narendramodi after meeting president barck obama.
;;0.2023;;# we are serious about resolution of issues on both sides to enable civil nuclear energy cooperation to take off says narendramodi modi# after india-us summit on mars, we are meeting here on earth, says narendramodi after meeting us president barack obama.
;;0.3612;;# pm narendramodi and president barack obama discuss global issues# this visit has reinforced my conviction that india and us are natural global partners: modi.
;;0.0;;government on saturday rubbished as false and baseless the allegation of senior uttar pradesh minister azam khan, who plumbed new depths to claim that prime minister narendramodi had met underworld don dawood ibrahim in lahore at the residence of his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif during his christmas day visit.
;;-0.0258;;there are certain statements in a section of press that prime accused in serial blasts in mumbai, dawood ibrahim, was also present during prime minister narendramodi modis meeting with pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif in lahore on december 25, 2015.
;;0.4767;;the bjp wednesday announced its parliamentary party executive committee with prime minister narendramodi as its leader in lok sabha and defence minister rajnath singh as the deputy leader.
;;-0.296;;though the chandigarh administration has received no confirmation, prime minister narendramodi is expected to receive hollande at the airport.
;;-0.296;;reacting to pakistan foreign ministry spokesman nafis zakarias statement that prime minister narendramodi crossed the red line by talking about balochistan, the ministry of external affairs today said it finds it an extraordinary remark by a country which recognises no red line in its diplomacy.
;;0.0;;the proposed changes pave the way for prime minister narendramodi modis work and his time spent in office to be featured at the museum.
;;0.34;;b'prime minister narendramodi being welcomed on his arrival at qingdao, china on saturday.
;;0.34;;(pti) prime minister narendramodi being welcomed on his arrival at qingdao, china on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti)prime minister narendramodi arrived in chinas qingdao to attend the annual shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit on saturday.
;;-0.3818;;karnataka chief minister hd kumaraswamy called on prime minister narendramodi and sought central assistance to the state reeling under severe drought due to 45 per cent shortfall in the rainfall.
;;0.7269;;(pti photo)stay fit, play games but do not forget the traditional sports, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday, highlighting the role of physical and mental fitness for all-round development.
;;0.0516;;lok sabha deputy speaker m thambi durai lok sabha deputy speaker m thambi durailok sabha deputy speaker m thambi durai on thursday met prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley in parliament and demanded their intervention in ensuring that aiadmk chief v k sasikala is sworn in as tamil nadu chief minister.
;;-0.25;;express photo by sahil waliacontinuing with her protest against the ut administrations demolition drive at maloya, former mayor poonam sharma monday burnt the effigies of prime minister narendramodi and member of parliament kirron kher at the villages cremation ground.
;;-0.6124;;public sentiment is sharp and there is huge pressure on prime minister narendramodi to give perpetrators of the attack a befitting reply.
;;0.296;;the deal for the s-400 system, which can counter ballistic missiles and stealth aircraft like those china is developing, is likely to be announced before an annual summit between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin in october.
;;0.0;;jittery chinathe cover story of organiser, jittery china locks horns, says the chinese incursion in doklam plateau in bhutan is a calculated move which came to spotlight when prime minister narendramodi was away on a foreign visit.
;;0.0;;fadnavis on friday briefed prime minister narendramodi about the flood situation in sangli and kolhapur districts.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had on november 8, last year, announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes in an attempt to check black money.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will attend the summit along with his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif and chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.9169;;(pti/file photo)after the bjps astounding victory in assembly polls in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, prime minister narendramodi , who led the party campaign, thanked karyakartas for their hardwork and all the people who reposed faith in the party.
;;0.1779;;describing the nda government at the centre as pro-capitalist, mayawati alleged that prime minister narendramodi had forgotten all of his promises made to the people before the 2014 general election.
;;0.6486;;reminding the people of prime minister narendramodi modis promises of free water and electricity, foodgrains at an affordable price for the poor and better remuneration for labourers, the bsp supremo claimed that the bjp had failed to deliver on every front.
;;0.0772;;b'pm narendramodi (file) pm narendramodi (file)with floods and landslides causing widespread devastation in sri lanka, prime minister narendramodi has said india stands by the people of the island nation and that ships are being rushed with relief material.
;;0.2732;;the pacts are part of the 16 agreements to be signed between the two countries after the talks on january 25 between prime minister narendramodi and al nahyan, who will be the chief guest at this years republic day parade, uae ambassador ahmed al banna told pti in an interview here.
;;0.4767;;the state-run china railway rolling stock corporation (crrc) is the first foreign company to set up assembly line of rail transportation equipment in india after prime minister narendramodi unveiled his ambitious make in india campaign in 2014, the company said in statement.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (r) and indonesia president joko widodo fly kites at national monument in jakarta, indonesia.
;;0.0;;(reuters photo) prime minister narendramodi (r) and indonesia president joko widodo fly kites at national monument in jakarta, indonesia.
;;0.0;;(reuters photo)prime minister narendramodi , who arrived in indonesia tuesday night, was seen flying kites with indonesian president joko widodo at a kite exhibition in jakarta.
;;0.0;;#watch pm narendramodi and indonesian president joko widodo fly kites at a kite exhibition in jakarta pic.
;;0.0;;follow narendramodi in indonesia livethe prime minister is on the first leg of his five-day three-nation tour to indonesia, malaysia and singapore.
;;0.0;;indonesia president joko widodo and prime minister narendramodi jointly unveiled a kite exhibition on the theme of ramayana and mahabharat, ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
;;0.0;;(reuters photo) indonesia president joko widodo and prime minister narendramodi jointly unveiled a kite exhibition on the theme of ramayana and mahabharat, ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
;;-0.3318;;b'each slide at a conference of women journalists organised by the women and child development ministry had an imposing photograph of prime minister narendramodi , did not feature any prominent woman.
;;-0.3318;;each slide at a conference of women journalists organised by the women and child development ministry had an imposing photograph of prime minister narendramodi , did not feature any prominent woman.
;;0.34;;he was left on stage as a mere spectator when prime minister narendramodi joined the enthusiasts on the ground.
;;0.0;;jammu: tight vigil ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit, on the jammu-srinagar national highway on friday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) jammu: tight vigil ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit, on the jammu-srinagar national highway on friday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo)touted to be indias longest tunnel, the chenani-nashri tunnel on jammu-srinagar national highway will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on sunday.
;;0.9501;;it is a matter of great pride for the people of jammu and kashmir that this great tunnel is being dedicated to the nation by none other than prime minister narendramodi  the most popular pm.
;;-0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi further truncated sharmas mission, even before his first trip, by likening p. chidambarams call for the restoration of j&ks autonomy to an insult to the martyrs.
;;0.25;;cpi(m) state secretary kodiyeri balakrishnan on friday said the left government has invited prime minister narendramodi to inaugurate the kochi metro to convince him that development has begun in kerala.
;;-0.7845;;express photo by ravi kanojia(file)congress leader ghulam nabi azad on saturday attacked prime minister narendramodi modis government over national security saying that 172 terror attacks have taken place in the country over the last three years.
;;-0.1779;;in kolkata, congress spokesman abhishek manu singhvi claimed that the countrys defence preparedness was at an all-time low under the narendramodi government.
;;-0.7184;;in january, rizvi had written letters to prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, in which he claimed that madrassas bred terrorists and demanded that the islamic institutions should be shut.
;;0.128;;when the jan chetna yatra of former deputy prime minister and gandhinagar mp lk advani will enter gujarat on november 6,every effort will be made to send a message to people and party workers alike that he has no differences whatsoever with chief minister narendramodi on any issue.
;;0.0;;around 30,000 people had participated in the mega-event which was led by prime minister narendramodi at capitol complex in the city last year.
;;0.0;;james rupert murdoch,chairman of star tv for europe and asia,on thursday called on chief minister narendramodi here.
;;-0.1779;;we want to tell this to prime minister narendramodi , dyfi national president mohammed riyaz, who led the protest, said.
;;0.4588;;while noting that a fundamental reorientation of the china-pakistan relations was not likely, sitharaman said that through last months informal summit meeting between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping both countries will immensely benefit from it.
;;0.4404;;according to iyer, both trump and prime minister narendramodi are working to improve business environment.
;;0.0;;prem nath pandeynaik mahendra singh, 30, was serving at roughly 20,000 feet above sea level in siachen when prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
;;0.7184;;the truth is that prime minister narendramodi (not the bjp) won this election because he was seen as a real leader.
;;0.5719;;over 500 gift items and souvenirs,including a jersey used by ace batsman sachin tendulkar in the 2003 world cup,were on friday donated by chief minister narendramodi to the state treasury for auctioning.
;;-0.3182;;in a veiled dig at prime minister narendramodi , the sena said that those vying for an independent balochistan do not see the 60-year struggle of the people living at the border of maharashtra and karnataka.
;;-0.3182;;in a veiled dig at prime minister narendramodi , the sena said that those vying for an independent balochistan do not see the 60-year struggle of the people living at the border of maharashtra and karnataka.
;;-0.3182;;in a veiled dig at prime minister narendramodi , the sena said that those vying for an independent balochistan do not see the 60-year struggle of the people living at the border of maharashtra and karnataka.
;;0.0;;the police have lodged an fir against a person for allegedly posting an objectionable picture and derogatory remarks on prime minister narendramodi modis facebook page, officials said on tuesday.
;;0.0;;a person named sajid rizvi posted an objectionable picture of prime minister narendramodi and made derogatory remarks about him and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;-0.3612;;(pti/file photo)on the surface, just like in up, its a bjp victory in uttarakhand but, in reality, prime minister narendramodi has won uttarakhand for the bjp, pushing the congress to its worst ever low in the state that used to be among its last bastions.
;;0.4404;;it was easy to identify who this badri (local deity badrinath) was  narendramodi modi.
;;0.0;;with the clamour for speeding up cases of crimes against women,gujarat chief minister narendramodi along with other cms on sunday batted for setting up more fast-track courts and sought central assistance,which was discontinued a few years ago.
;;0.3612;;the state government is getting ready to set up indias fist geospatial technology park,a project that was announced by chief minister narendramodi recently.
;;0.7096;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday greeted congress president sonia gandhi on her 70th birthday wishing her a long life filled with good health.
;;0.34;;mos for pmo jitendra singh had informed the house that government under prime minister narendramodi had taken a number of steps to speed up ongoing nuclear projects as well as the setting up of new plants across the country.
;;0.5719;;along the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in the kyrgyz capital bishkek, prime minister narendramodi and chinas president xi jinping engaged in delegation-level bilateral talks thursday, during the course of which jinping confirmed his readiness to visit india this year.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/jipns502i3  narendramodi (@narendramodi) june 13, 2019in his interaction with the chinese president, pm modi also had a brief discussion about pakistan.
;;0.0;;during his deposition before the commission on may 16,bhatt was asked to recall the names of those present at the meeting held at chief minister narendramodi modis residence on the evening of february 27,2002,in which he was also present.
;;0.0;;speaking to the indian express, haryana agriculture minister om prakash dhankar, who was also present when gadkari was addressing the event, said, prime minister narendramodi had also raised the issue of indus water treaty earlier.
;;0.8591;;just days after the end of the rio olympics, where india won just two medals, prime minister narendramodi had announced the setting up of the task force, which will help plan for effective participation of indian sportspersons in the next three olympics  2020, 2024 and 2028.
;;-0.9062;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi on saturday accused the sonia gandhi-led national advisory council (nac) of drafting a perverse and ill-conceived bill to tackle communal violence which,he claimed,portrays that the majority community is always the perpetrator.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi will flag off run for rio event at india gate in new delhi on july 31.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo) prime minister narendramodi will flag off run for rio event at india gate in new delhi on july 31.
;;0.2732;;(source: express photo)in order to create olympic fever in the country ahead of next months multi-sporting spectacle in brazil, prime minister narendramodi will flag off run for rio event at india gate in new delhi on july 31, sports minister vijay goel said on saturday.
;;0.8225;;azad recalled that prime minister narendramodi had spoken strongly against cow vigilantes last year and said actions on the ground seem to suggest that bjp workers have been given a free hand.
;;-0.2263;;he claimed that they had met gujarat chief minister narendramodi in august 2008 and demanded a cbi probe into the deaths of their children.
;;0.4019;;(source: pti)tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa on tuesday met prime minister narendramodi and signalled that the aiadmk could provide issue-based support to his government in the rajya sabha where it is in a minority.
;;0.4767;;he was speaking at the launch event of prime minister narendramodi modis ambitious scheme stand up india, start up india.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.0;;(file) prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping.
;;-0.7269;;sadiq was shot in naroda area on january 13,2003,by ahmedabad crime branch,on the basis of the intelligence input that he wanted to kill chief minister narendramodi and other senior bjp and vhp leaders.
;;0.0;;harsimrat, who is the minister of food processing, had also written a letter in this regard to prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi (pti/file) prime minister narendramodi (pti/file)claiming that his government is trying to move away from a set way of thinking and a tunnel vision, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said that he is striving for all-round development of the country by giving shape to the collective aspirations of the people.
;;0.3612;;he said prime minister narendramodi is touring places within and outside the country exploring avenues to attract business and industries in india.
;;-0.6597;;b'a video grab of the song a video grab of the songcontroversial tamil folk singer kovan was arrested from his home in tamil nadus trichy city on friday for singing a song he has composed on the vhps recent ram rath yatra, which criticises prime minister narendramodi and the bjp.
;;0.8807;;now, prime minister narendramodi has carved out a separate ministry, so we will take steps to make this sector vibrant and attract investments to boost productivity and growth, he said.
;;0.1531;;(pti photo/file)bjp on tuesday targeted congress alleging that some of its leaders are seen offering support to pakistan after prime minister narendramodi brought up balochistan and pok in his independence day speech and said its a sad commentary that it is divided on issues of national interests.
;;0.0;;this was after the cold shoulder from prime minister narendramodi for pakistan pm imran khan in bishkek in kyrgyz republic where both leaders attended the shanghai cooperation organisation summit on june 13-14.
;;-0.4019;;he told the gathering that during his visit to new delhi, he had urged prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh and minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju to depute a central team to arunachal to ascertain the damage in flood affected areas, to which the central ministers had readily agreed.
;;0.296;;during his speech, owaisi freely criticised both prime minister narendramodi as well as ncp chief sharad pawar.
;;-0.0772;;an analysis of previously disclosure reports filed by amnesty shows that amnesty has been lobbying on india-related issues in the past also, while in the year 2014 ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the us, one of the specific issues included that visit itself.
;;0.5859;;hours after the japan-us-india trilateral meeting, prime minister narendramodi , chinese president xi jinping and russian president vladimir putin met for the russia-india-china trilateral meeting where they discussed challenges pertaining to economy and peace and stability.
;;0.0;;b'thai king bhumibol adulyadej (source: reuters/file photo)prime minister narendramodi condoled the demise of thai king bhumibol adulyadej whom he described as one of the tallest leaders of the current times.
;;0.6705;;delhi metros former chief e sreedharan gave the aam aadmi party (aap) governments proposed free travel scheme for women in delhi metros a thumbs down and urged prime minister narendramodi to oppose the proposal as it would set alarming precedence.
;;0.0;;he said my name is narendramodi and i can snatch your land.
;;0.3612;;#watch: rahul gandhi says pm narendramodi modis #demonetisation announcement sounded like amitabh bachchans movie dialogue.
;;0.4939;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi today expanded his cabinet by inducting six new ministers,taking the ministry strength to 27.
;;0.1027;;the audit could be in the form of a commission of inquiry and should fix responsibility of the political executive, including that of the defence minister and prime minister narendramodi , the partys chief spokesperson randeep surjewala told reporters.
;;-0.7351;;bsp chief mayawati, uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav and prime minister narendramodi have all indulged in personal attacks unbecoming of their positions and the picture is turning ugly now.
;;0.0;;bachchan has been the brand ambassador for gujarat tourisms incredible gujarat campaign for several years now and was roped in by then chief minister narendramodi in 2009.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi has used his skills in wordplay to coin terms like scam denoting samajwadi party, congress, akhilesh yadav and mayawati.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi , in his first address to the nation after article 370 was revoked in jammu and kashmir, promised jobs, all-round development, transparent elections to the j&k assembly and an end to terrorism.
;;0.6369;;advertisingthe move comes within days of the parliament approving a resolution abrogating special status to jammu and kashmir under article 370 of the constitution, and a day after prime minister narendramodi promised iits and iims for the region in his address to the nation.
;;0.0;;recently, prime minister narendramodi had said that a mandate to prescribe generic medicines may soon be implemented.
;;0.4588;;the turkish president will hold talks with prime minister narendramodi on may 1 on key bilateral, regional and international issues of mutual interest.
;;0.2732;;b'prime minister narendramodi at the signing of agreements between india and the kingdom of saudi arabia in riyadh on sunday.
;;0.2732;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi at the signing of agreements between india and the kingdom of saudi arabia in riyadh on sunday.
;;-0.4939;;the statement was the result of the shared perception on terrorism, indian officials said, after an extensive meeting between prime minister narendramodi and saudi king salman bin abdulaziz for about three hours at the royal palace.
;;-0.0018;;to make matters worse, the first months of the nda government seemed to suggest prime minister narendramodi might be more interested in israel than the rest of the region.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken in a meeting held in the presence of prime minister narendramodi at somnath temple office in gujarats gir-somnath district today.
;;0.3089;;despite its relentless criticism of prime minister narendramodi before sealing an alliance with the bjp, the sena entirely banked on moditva to see its candidates through.
;;0.4019;;visiting the arlington national cemetery to pay respect to the us soldiers, a brief stay at the blair house and separate meetings with the us house foreign relations committee and the senate foreign relations committee will be part of prime minister narendramodi modis itinerary in the us, where he will visit on june 7 and 8, sources have told the indian express.
;;0.0;;the leader of opposition in the state assembly,shaktisinh gohil,today asked chief minister narendramodi to appoint lokayukta instead of taking political mileage from the anna hazare-led movement against corruption.
;;0.4404;;telangana chief minister k chandrasekhara rao told the assembly on saturday that he would try to convey to prime minister narendramodi the mood of the house in favour of recalling university of hyderabad vice-chancellor p appa rao.
;;-0.891;;in his petition,chavda has alleged that kumar has been very close to gujarat chief minister narendramodi and it was kumarwho created a false intelligence input that operatives of terror outfit lashkar-e-toiba were to come togujarat to kill modi to give an impression that modis life was under constant threat from terrorists.
;;0.4767;;(express photo by javed raja)claiming that prime minister narendramodi was trying to implement the vision of mahatma gandhi, union minister for commerce and industry suresh prabhu friday said the nda government was working on making khadi a globally accepted fabric.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during the celebration function of 50 years of basava jayanthi at vigyan bhawan 2017.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during the celebration function of 50 years of basava jayanthi at vigyan bhawan 2017.
;;0.0258;;picking up from where he had left off in his last mann ki baat address, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said he was overwhelmed by the public response on preventing wastage of food.
;;-0.296;;soon after the rajya sabha was adjourned sine die on wednesday, naidu, prime minister narendramodi and about 25 leaders from various parties discussed a range of issues.
;;-0.4404;;expressing concern over the recent attacks on people from dalit community, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that there is a need for strict action against those involved in it.
;;0.5719;;one of the major attractions was the theme pavillion that was transformed into a selfie station in line with prime minister narendramodi modis visions of skill development, start-ups, swacch bharat etc, das said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will begin his two-day visit to gujarat monday where he is scheduled to attend the annual general meeting of african development bank in gandhinagar.
;;0.0;;responding to a question on whether the issue of the extradition of islamic preacher zakir naik from malaysia came up for discussion during prime minister narendramodi modis meeting with his malaysian counterpart mahathir mohamad, kumar said the interaction between the two leaders was very short.
;;-0.4039;;speaking about his chances of entering electoral politics, patel taunted prime minister narendramodi saying, i am a proud gujarati who would never seek peoples sympathy to achieve power by wearing poverty and lower class origins on my sleeves.
;;0.0;;those present included prime minister narendramodi , leader of the house and finance minister arun jaitley and mos state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday launched his pet project and the biggest ever cleanliness drive the swachha bharat abhiyaan from rajpath, new delhi.
;;0.7184;;every indian must do utmost 2 make success of swachh bharat abhiyan & goal of toilet in every home by 2019 #presidentmukherjee  president of india (@rashtrapatibhvn) october 2, 2014every road, path, office, home, hut, stream and particle of air around us can and must be kept clean #presidentmukherjee  president of india (@rashtrapatibhvn) october 2, 2014# venkaiah naidu, vk singh and lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan also pay tribute to gandhi# pm narendramodi pays tribute to mahatama gandhi at rajghat, new delhi.
;;0.4215;;pti photospeaking at the bjps national executive meet in bhubhaneshwar on sunday, prime minister narendramodi said that there is a need to reach out to the backward classes in the muslim community, in line with the party slogan sabka sath sabka vikas.
;;0.0;;(source: ap photo)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday opened the fourth india-germany intergovernmental consultations (igc) with german chancellor angela merkel here to set a roadmap for the bilateral strategic ties.
;;-0.4767;;significantly, the attack took place hours after prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the nashri-chenani tunnel on the jammu-srinagar highway.
;;0.0516;;the report, with inputs from local officials, chinese geologists as well as strategic experts, comes less than a month after the first ever informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping that was aimed at cooling tensions to avert incidents like the dokalam military standoff last year.
;;0.7096;;it has become more and more evident with the likes of us president barack obama and prime minister narendramodi using social media as an effective platform to interact with people.
;;0.3384;;back home, prime minister narendramodi has proven to be someone who can use the platform very well.
;;-0.5574;;b'after receiving a tricycle at the samajik adhikar shivir held at dlw sports ground in varanasi on friday, where prime minister narendramodi was the chief guest, a 22-year old different abled youth died while returning home with his father.
;;-0.6908;;meanwhile,the congress filed a complaint against chief minister narendramodi and state irrigation minister nitin patel,alleging they were violating the model code by distributing a booklet printed by the narmada water resources,water conservation and kalpsar department of the state government.
;;0.0;;the plot should be located at a reasonable driving distance from varanasi, prime minister narendramodi modis constituency, a source added.
;;0.0;;the gujarat high court had recently declined to direct nanavati commission,which is probing the post-godhra riots,to summon chief minister narendramodi while disposing of the pil filed by bhatt.
;;0.6597;;bhatt,who had alleged complicity of chief minister narendramodi in the post-godhra riots,had sought those documents in support of his claim and to help him file a detailed affidavit.
;;0.4939;;former finance minster p chidambaram today slammed prime minister narendramodi over his raincoat barb at manmohan singh and said even us president donald trump had praised his predecessors in his speech.
;;0.4939;;former finance minster p chidambaram today slammed prime minister narendramodi over his raincoat barb at manmohan singh and said even us president donald trump had praised his predecessors in his speech.
;;0.4939;;former finance minster p chidambaram today slammed prime minister narendramodi over his raincoat barb at manmohan singh and said even us president donald trump had praised his predecessors in his speech.
;;0.0;;the congress on wednesday went to the election commission, seeking action against prime minister narendramodi for invoking lord ram at a recent function.
;;0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi had earlier made a strong pitch for holding simultaneous elections to the lok sabha and the state assemblies and had urged all parties to consider the suggestion rising above political differences.
;;0.4939;;rashtrapati bhavan has asked former village sarpanch of bibipur in hisar district, sunil jaglan  who had introduced the selfie with daughter concept, which was praised by prime minister narendramodi in 2015  to implement the model at these villages.
;;0.0;;it was on december 21 that acharyulu had ordered inspection of du degree records of 1978, the year in which prime minister narendramodi , according to the university, had got his degree.
;;0.0;;(file photo) it was on december 21 that acharyulu had ordered inspection of du degree records of 1978, the year in which prime minister narendramodi , according to the university, had got his degree.
;;0.0;;it was on december 21 that acharyulu had ordered inspection of du degree records of 1978, the year in which prime minister narendramodi , according to the university, had got his degree.
;;0.0;;the news report contains a letter of modhwadia addressed to chief minister narendramodi in which the former has allegedly described pal as characterless,corrupt,and drunkard.
;;0.6124;;chief justice of india ranjan gogoi has written to prime minister narendramodi to initiate a motion for removal of allahabad high courts justice sn shukla, months after an in-house panel found him guilty of misconduct.
;;-0.3291;;prime minister narendramodi has hinted at this  but as the days drag on, we are yet to see any sign of it.
;;-0.3182;;(representational image)a massive waste management campaign will be launched in 4000 cities across the country on june 5, the world environment day, prime minister narendramodi announced on sunday.
;;0.8689;;reaching out to prime minister narendramodi for the second time since may 23, pakistan prime minister imran khan has written a congratulatory letter in which he is learnt to have advocated working for durable peace and stability in south asia and the peaceful resolution of all outstanding issues, including the jammu and kashmir dispute.
;;0.8074;;in their first conversation since the nda government was re-elected for a second term, khan had dialled prime minister narendramodi on may 26 and said that he looked forward to advancing his vision for peace, progress and prosperity.
;;0.7895;;earlier in the day, cm kejriwal wrote a fresh letter to prime minister narendramodi , seeking his intervention to end the ias officers strike even as he hit out at his detractors, saying the sit-in was not for personal gains but for greater good of the people of delhi.
;;0.0;;express photo by neeraj priyadarshi primne minister narendramodi .
;;-0.5106;;express photo by neeraj priyadarshiciting privacy reasons, the university of delhi (du) has rejected another right to information query seeking information about prime minister narendramodi modis degree.
;;0.0;;saying prime minister narendramodi had brought journalists together, shourie had a couplet for him.
;;0.3612;;finding fault with chief minister narendramodi for using sardar patels name,gujarat parivartan party (gpp) general secretary gordhan zadaphia wednesday said sardar patel and modi were ideologically poles apart and invoking the iron mans name for electoral benefits was opportunistic.
;;-0.1477;;nearly a month after he drew flak from activists in gujarat for praising chief minister narendramodi for his development initiatives in rural areas,activist anna hazare made an aboutturn here on thursday,saying so many scams were breaking out in the state.
;;-0.7096;;at the end of a three-hour public hearing organised by india against corruption (gujarat chapter) at gujarat vidyapith during which people from across the state spoke of losing their land,their waters being polluted and their occupations being threatened,hazare pulled no punches in narendramodi who he had hailed as a role model just a month ago.
;;-0.4215;;the new factory was opened by prime minister narendramodi on february 24, with about 3 lq of cane crushed on a trial basis this season.
;;0.0;;pakistan foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi said khan was also willing to talk to prime minister narendramodi on the phone.
;;0.0;;the visit, which was part of the regular dialogue at the nsa-level between the two countries, comes ahead of summit talks between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin in india later this year.
;;-0.743;;(source: express photo by vishal srivastav)in an attempt to reach out to the dalit communities in election-bound uttar pradesh, bjp president amit shah on friday lashed out at all political opponents - the congress, bsp and the samajwadi party  for exploiting the community for narrow political ends, and claimed that prime minister narendramodi is leading a government of dalits, the deprived, backwards and the poor.
;;0.4019;;amit shah presided over a recent bjp parliamentary party meeting in the absence of narendramodi , who was out of delhi, though he is not an mp.
;;0.7964;;it was prime minister narendramodi who had cleared the promises in the manifesto, after scrutinising them in great detail for feasibility.
;;0.4927;;prime minister narendramodi , microsofts indian-born ceo satya nadella, us president doanld trump, newly re-elected russian president vladimir putin and chinese president xi jinping are among the contenders this year for time magazines list of 100 most influential people who have made an impact on the contemporary world.
;;0.0;;b'tamil nadu governor banwarilal purohit (express photo by dasarath deka/files) tamil nadu governor banwarilal purohit (express photo by dasarath deka/files)the cpms tamil nadu state secretary k balakrishnan sunday wrote to prime minister narendramodi , seeking his immediate intervention to recall governor banwarilal purohit after his name cropped up in the case of a woman teacher allegedly asking students to become sexually intimate with a senior official of madurai kamaraj university.
;;0.0;;at that time prime minister narendramodi had asserted that blood and water could not flow together.
;;0.0;;(file photo)government has electrified almost one fourth of 18,452 unelectrified villages since prime minister narendramodi modis announcement in his independence day speech last year that these areas will be provided power within 1,000 days.
;;-0.7783;;shah emphasised the zero-tolerance approach adopted by prime minister narendramodi towards people accused in drug trafficking, international terrorism and money laundering cases.
;;0.3818;;crowley hoped there would be an india-specific doctrine in place before the meeting between prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;mentioning about the development projects of the nda government led by prime minister narendramodi , sathasivam said the centre had implemented several schemes for the upliftment of different sections of society.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi on saturday addressed eighth indian heads of missions conference here.
;;0.0;;b'mygov townhall: prime minister narendramodi speaks to the public at the indira gandhi indoor stadium in new delhi.
;;0.0;;mygov townhall: prime minister narendramodi speaks to the public at the indira gandhi indoor stadium in new delhi.
;;-0.128;;prime minister narendramodi has finally spoken, silencing the cow rakshaks who have been running amok across the country.
;;-0.34;;lt general bakshi is officially on leave until january 26, and this means he could be missing the annual combined commanders conference to be chaired by prime minister narendramodi in dehradun on january 21.
;;0.5574;;the bjp on monday alleged that two ruling biju janata dal (bjd) leaders had a role in the disappearance of freedom fighter laxmi indira pandas grandson, who went missing soon after prime minister narendramodi felicitated his family in odisha.
;;0.128;;barely a week after chief minister narendramodi modis social media managers launched his urdu twitter handle,it already has 286 followers.
;;0.4404;;former prime minister of japan yasuo fukuda met chief minister narendramodi on tuesday and said japan-india parliamentary friendship association (jipfa) has started working towards execution of the delhi-mumbai industrial corridor (dmic) project.
;;0.6486;;gujarat chief minister and senior bjp leader narendramodi is scheduled to address captains of industry in the city on april nine in a special session and let the economically lagging west bengal in on the gujarat success story.
;;-0.4767;;congress vice president rahul gandhi congress vice president rahul gandhicongress vice-president rahul gandhi began his uttarakhand campaign on thursday with a scathing attack on prime minister narendramodi for his remarks against former prime minister manmohan singh.
;;0.0;;speaking in sitarganj constituency, rahul said singh was an elected pm of india and when narendramodi speaks about manmohan singh in this manner he is not talking only about manmohan singh, he is talking about every citizen of india.
;;-0.128;;chief minister narendramodi on friday urged the people of the state to launch a mass movement for an effective implementation of the ban on gutkha,which comes into force on september 11.
;;-0.4215;;protesting against the sharp hike in the prices of fuel, congress leaders sought to remind prime minister narendramodi of his partys 2014 general election slogan bahut hui mehangai ki maar, ab ki baar bjp ki sarkar (we have had enough of inflation, now the nation will have the bjp government).
;;0.25;;adani enterprises, which has interests in coal mining, oil & gas and logistics, has bet big on solar power riding on prime minister narendramodi modis solar mission that targets setting up of 100 gigawatts of solar power generation capacity by the end of 2022.
;;0.2944;;sarna said that us president donald trump and prime minister narendramodi have had very warm and constructive conversations.
;;0.0;;pradhan mantri narendramodi up wale hain kyunki wo up se chun kar sansad me gaye hain (pm narendramodi is from up as he has been elected to lok sabha from this state).
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi with australian counterpart malcolm turnbull (source: twitter/ @narendramodi) pm narendramodi with australian counterpart malcolm turnbull (source: twitter/ @narendramodi)on the sidelines of the g20 summit in hangzhou, china, prime minister narendramodi on sunday held bilateral talks with his australian counterpart malcolm turnbull.
;;0.3612;;a native of latur, mangnale was working with prashant kishore  the political strategist credited with crafting the victory of prime minister narendramodi and bihar chief minister nitish kumar prior to his association with sharmila.
;;-0.3724;;at the rally for which leaders of jd(u)s key ally in bihar bjp were not invited,kumar launched a clear counter to gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis development plank,saying his state would present the real model for progresswhich takes everyone along.
;;-0.872;;even as he cautioned against attempts to politicise the pulwama terror attack, ncp chief sharad pawar on friday took a dig at prime minister narendramodi , reminding him about the statements he made after similar terror incidents during the term of the upa government.
;;0.0;;b'taking a dig at gujarat chief minister narendramodi for his india first comment,union minister kapil sibal today said the bjp leader should first demonstrate in his state that he was secular before talking about the rest of the country.
;;0.0;;(source: pib) narendramodi addressing the bloomberg india economic forum 2016, in new delhi on march 28, 2016.
;;0.0;;(source: pib)as his government nears the two-year milestone, speaking at the bloomberg india economic forum, prime minister narendramodi outlined its economic policies and achievements.
;;-0.3612;;(source: pti)under attack from the congress for his remarks on predecessor manmohan singh, prime minister narendramodi on friday warned the party that he had a detailed dossier on them.
;;-0.6249;;find out more: rbi governor raghuram rajans exit  final leg  stories, pictures, videosticking off swamy, prime minister narendramodi has also disapproved of his attacks on rajan calling them inappropriate and asserted the rbi governor was no less patriotic than us.
;;0.25;;express photoa day after prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the new cable bridge over the narmada in bharuch, senior congress leader and rajya sabha mp ahmed patel on wednesday shot a letter to union minister for road transport and highways & shipping nitin gadkari, pointing out to a brazen attempt to mislead the people of gujarat, and urging gadkari to set the record straight in the matter.
;;-0.0;;health sector and ayushman bharat26 lakh poor patients have benefitted under prime minister narendramodi modis flagship project ayushman bharat or national health protection scheme, president kovind said.
;;-0.7717;;(source: express photo by ravi kanojia)opposition congress on tuesday stepped up criticism of prime minister narendramodi modis pakistan policy in the wake of the pathankot terror strike, saying he focused on optics rather than outcome and argued that the environment at the moment is not conducive for talks.
;;0.128;;the letter said the books were launched by prime minister narendramodi in the presence of bjp president amit shah and rss sarkaryvaha bhaiyyaji joshi.
;;0.0;;in his last mann ki baat address on the radio, prime minister narendramodi had called on the need for revolutionary steps to mitigate the effects of drought.
;;0.5859;;(source: file)ravi shastri on thursday congratulated prime minister narendramodi for bjps landslide win in the up elections in his inimitable style.
;;0.0258;;b'prime minister narendramodi with mexican president enrique pena nieto who has backed indias nsg bid.
;;0.0258;;( pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with mexican president enrique pena nieto who has backed indias nsg bid.
;;0.3919;;in the last two years ever since the present government took over under prime minister narendramodi , not only there has been developmental works in north-east but there has been an outreach at the social and cultural level to bring north-east as close as possible to the mainstream of india.
;;-0.6597;;(source: file photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday said india stood with sri lanka in the hour of need as torrential rainfall caused floods and mudslides in the island country killing over 90 people.
;;0.6705;;in other encounters,victims ran extortion rackets and politics played a role,but ishrat jahans encounter was purely a case of policemen seeking attention from chief minster narendramodi for rewards, mussarat said.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi in south africa.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/ani) pm narendramodi in south africa.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/ani)prime minister narendramodi , in his 5-day and four-nation tour, addressed a gathering of indian diaspora on friday (ist) in johannesburg, south africa.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi embarked on a four-nation tour of the african continent on july 7.
;;0.1531;;here are the live updates (all times in ist):pm narendramodi greets the indian community members in johannesburg (sa) #modiinafrica pic.
;;-0.8625;;govt says no harm if it saves time which can be utilised for betterment of peopleleader of the opposition in the assembly,shaktisinh gohil on monday accused chief minister narendramodi of wasting crores of public money for air travel,and using the state information department for personal publicity.
;;0.743;;bjp member from ladakh jamyang tsering namgyal earned the praise of prime minister narendramodi for his speech in the lok sabha on tuesday on the motion to scrap special status given to jammu and kashmir and a bill to bifurcate the state into two union territories.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi pays homage at the space shuttle columbia memorial as kalpana chawlas husbandjean-pierre harrison looks on.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) pm narendramodi pays homage at the space shuttle columbia memorial as kalpana chawlas husbandjean-pierre harrison looks on.
;;-0.8779;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday condemned the kabul explosion and asserted that india stands with afghanistan in its fight against terrorism.
;;-0.8779;;(source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi on tuesday condemned the kabul explosion and asserted that india stands with afghanistan in its fight against terrorism.
;;-0.9382;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday condemned the deadly twin explosions in kabul killing over 30 people, and asserted the india stands with afghanistan in its fight against terrorism.
;;-0.0772;;bjp leader shanta kumar on wednesday said he has urged prime minister narendramodi to start giving direct income support to farmers of the country so that incidents of suicide by peasants can be prevented.
;;0.1779;;(express photo by prem nath pandey)two days after congress asserted that prime minister narendramodi was incapable of sending a strong message to china on the doklam standoff, the pm on monday said india had never encroched upon anyones territory or ideology.
;;0.0;;file photo of prime minister narendramodi paying his tribute to lord buddha during his visit to myanmar last year.
;;0.0;;(photo: twitter/@narendramodi) file photo of prime minister narendramodi paying his tribute to lord buddha during his visit to myanmar last year.
;;-0.25;;after the bypoll results,chief minister narendramodi tweeted,heartfelt thanks to people of gujarat for placing their faith in us yet again and rejecting negative politics of congress.
;;0.7579;;speaking at the up ahead conference of the confederation of real estate developers associations of india (credai) in lucknow, adityanath said prime minister narendramodi has set an ambitious goal of providing a house to every indian by 2022, but he is hopeful this target will be achieved before the deadline.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has directed the cbi to put these corrupted leaders in jail, vijayvargiya said at a rally in burdwan.
;;-0.2263;;advertisinggautam has also written to prime minister narendramodi , demanding that steps be taken for reinstatement of the idol at the spot.
;;0.4215;;suzuki motor corp chairman osamu suzuki friday met chief minister narendramodi to review the progress of the two projects in the state being set up by its subsidiary maruti suzuki india.
;;0.0;;the council, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , may also discuss plans for celebrations to mark the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
;;-0.25;;on the second day of his three-day visit to wayanad, congress president rahul gandhi saturday renewed his attack on prime minister narendramodi and said the prime ministers lok sabha election campaign was filled with lies, poison and hatred, whereas his party stood for truth, love and affection.
;;0.4215;;tressing on the need for infrastructure and road network, singh said prime minister narendramodi has set the target of taking the gdp to double digits which was possible only by improving the infrastructure.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in mind, nitish said, i am not against any individual though.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi represents the maninagar assembly constituency.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , home minsiter rajnath singh, bjp president amit shah and senior bjp leader l k advani during the bjp parliamentry party meeting at plb building at parliament house in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.4019;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi , home minsiter rajnath singh, bjp president amit shah and senior bjp leader l k advani during the bjp parliamentry party meeting at plb building at parliament house in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.7096;;it was possible because of welfare-oriented governance and the brave decisions, like demonetisation, of the narendramodi government.
;;0.4019;;he also announced that yogi adityanath will be taking oath as the cm on sunday along with keshav prasad maurya and dinesh sharma as deputy cms.the oath taking ceremony will take place at 2:15 pm on march 19 in up, in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah.
;;0.5719;;(express photo/renuka puri)for the sixth consecutive time, the bjp has won gujarat and the man of the moment is again prime minister narendramodi , not chief minister vijay rupani, not bjp state president jitu vaghani.
;;0.25;;today, as narendramodi consolidates his position and power as the numero uno in the party, there is no challenger in the distance.
;;0.0;;it is prime minister narendramodi who has delivered gujarat for the bjp.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in ahmedabad on thursday.
;;0.0;;(express photo: javed raja) prime minister narendramodi in ahmedabad on thursday.
;;0.1531;;the central government on friday opposed in the supreme court a clutch of petitions that challenged its decision to restrict the deposit of demonetised currency till december 30, 2016, though prime minister narendramodi had earlier declared that old notes could be deposited till march 31, 2017.
;;0.6597;;jd(s) supremo h d devegowda today urged prime minister narendramodi to give equal attention to the plight of the farmers and work out schemes for them just like he was focusing on digital india programme.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi met women mps of the bjp over breakfast at his residence on friday, the fifth in the series of meetings with a cross-section of parliamentarians from the party.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has this in mind and the day is not is far when parliament will pass the law providing women reservation through consensus.
;;-0.0701;;(source: twitter/@incindia)congress president rahul gandhi on sunday took potshots at the bjp, insisting the saffron party will not win the 2019 lok sabha elections and that even prime minister narendramodi might lose his varanasi seat under a united opposition.
;;0.2263;;president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi graced the occasion with their presence.
;;0.2263;;president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi graced the occasion with their presence.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday attended the 90th-anniversary function of the essel group at delhis indira gandhi stadium.
;;0.4019;;dignity of women was one of the 51 points in the simhastha declaration released by prime minister narendramodi at ninora near ujjain during the valedictory session of the three-day antarrashtriya vichar mahakumbh on saturday.
;;0.9451;;share this article related article madhya pradesh: bjp govt delivered only corruption, says jyotiraditya scindiamadhya pradesh: bjp govt delivered only corruption, says jyotiraditya scindia roti, kapda, makaan fine, but shivraj singh chouhan wants to offer happinessroti, kapda, makaan fine, but shivraj singh chouhan wants to offer happiness we dont know how to market ourselves: pm modi in ujjainwe dont know how to market ourselves: pm modi in ujjain bjp scales down amit shahs social harmony dip with dalits in madhya pradeshbjp scales down amit shahs social harmony dip with dalits in madhya pradesh shivraj singh chouhan calls on narendramodi to discuss state issuesshivraj singh chouhan calls on narendramodi to discuss state issues chouhan gets advani patthe cm has often spoken out against indecent portrayal of women.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has made a modified version of it by almost saying that behind every corrupt person there is a financial advisor.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi loves to dress up; in sartorial terms as well as his personally-patented language of politics and statecraft.
;;-0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said the opposition was frustrated over repeated electoral defeats and was spreading lies about the bjp-led government, and asked party mps to counter the lies using technology and by working among the people.
;;0.0;;the chandigarh international airport was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on september 11, 2015.
;;0.6059;;pawar noted the bjp and the congress are the only two parties with pan-india presence, but rued their politics is hit by personality cult and revolves around prime minister narendramodi and congress vice-president rahul gandhi, respectively.
;;0.4019;;speaking at the bjp parliamentary party meeting here, kumar said that the demonetisation move is a historic step taken by prime minister narendramodi and people are with him in his crusade against black money.
;;0.0;;the banner features prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, among others.
;;0.128;;b'speaking during the 11th inter-state council meet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi, kerala cm pinarayi vijayan said the state government is handling the matter legally with due sensitiveness.
;;0.128;;(source: pti) speaking during the 11th inter-state council meet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi, kerala cm pinarayi vijayan said the state government is handling the matter legally with due sensitiveness.
;;0.128;;speaking during the 11th inter-state council meet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi, vijayan said the state government is handling the matter legally with due sensitiveness.
;;0.0;;the cm, who is accompanied by states ports minister kadannapally ramachandran, plans to meet prime minister narendramodi and shipping minister nitin gadkari tomorrow to discuss the issue of centre issuing in-principle nod to colachel port in tamil nadu, nearly 30 km away from the proposed vizhinjam port project in state.
;;0.4939;;b'the people of the country have accepted the policies of the bjp (source: pti) the people of the country have accepted the policies of the bjp (source: pti)prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah have changed the countrys polity by ending dynastic politics, the partys vice-president prabhat jha said friday.
;;0.0;;in may 2015, as head of the small farmers agribusiness consortium (sfac), an autonomous society under the union agriculture ministry, i visited jayapur, the adopted village of prime minister narendramodi in his parliamentary constituency of varanasi.
;;-0.4215;;krishna, who belongs to the dominant vokkaliga community in karnataka, said he was yet to decide on the next step but confirmed he had no plans to meet prime minister narendramodi .
;;-0.296;;twitter.com/ekysszxpoz  dipankar ghose (@dipankarghose31) july 5, 2019prime minister narendramodi had strongly disapproved of akash vijayvargiyas conduct after videos of him assaulting a municipal officer with a cricket bat went viral.
;;0.0;;modi to inaugurate ymca event on fridaychief minister narendramodi will inaugurate a three-day national consultation of young men christian association (ymca) in the city on friday.
;;-0.0516;;7 million tax liability for anil ambanis france-based company, reliance atlantic flag france, barely six months after prime minister narendramodi announced the government-to-government deal for 36 rafale fighter jets in paris in 2015.
;;0.0;;dr ali al-hamza,who signed the mou and had a one-on-one talk with chief minister narendramodi , told the indian express that the project would be completed in the next five years.
;;-0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi meets with secretary-general ban ki-moon during the 69th united nations general assembly at u n headquarters in new york on saturday.
;;-0.5574;;(source: pti)on saturday prime minister narendramodi met un secretary-general ban ki-moon during which he referred to raising of the kashmir issue by his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif while implying that the global body was not the right forum to discuss it.
;;0.4939;;b'the samajwadi party today distanced itself from shahid siddiqui,saying he is no longer a part of the party two days after his interview with gujarat chief minister narendramodi made waves.
;;-0.6908;;shahid siddiqui,who is the editor of urdu weekly nai duniya,had recently interview narendramodi in which the chief minister had refused to apologise for the gujarat riots and instead said he would prefer to be hanged if found guilty.
;;-0.8957;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo/praveen jain) prime minister narendramodi (express photo/praveen jain)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday condemned the maoist attack in chhattisgarhs sukma district that killed nine security personnel of the 212 battalion of the crpf and left two others injured.
;;-0.4939;;the nation stands shoulder to shoulder with them in this hour of grief, narendramodi wrote on twitter.
;;0.6369;;also read | tukde gang drafted national security points agenda to break india: jaitleyit is a very inclusive manifesto, gandhi said, and took a swipe at prime minister narendramodi modis popular radio programme, saying it is a manifesto that has come to us from the people manifesto mein aapke mann ki baat hai, humare mann ki baat nahi hai.
;;0.0;;one of the first documents signed by prime minister narendramodi after he assumed charge were rules regarding the appointments of personal staff, attached to ministers.
;;0.0;;the bombay high court on monday asked the election commission of india (eci) and the central board of film certification (cbfc) to take a decision on the release of prime minister narendramodi modis biopic, which is slated for release on april 5.
;;0.0;;congress leader rahul gandhi on friday called on prime minister narendramodi and sought assistance in tackling the flood situation in kerala, including his constituency wayanad.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at bjp, cpi(m) state secretary kodiyeri balakrishnan said, prime minister narendramodi and amit shah always return from kerala by stating that bjp will come to power in the state.
;;-0.3818;;in varanasi, ajai rai was not able to give a direct fight to prime minister narendramodi where sp candidate shalini yadav stood second.
;;0.6705;;(representational image)prime minister narendramodi will speak to around 400 railway staff in person, and around 20,000 over video conferencing to firm up a road map with innovative ideas to ensure the national transporter meets the aspirations in a fast changing scenario.
;;0.0;;the centre is learnt to have put a spanner in the bjps plans to hold prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis rally at the sashastra seema bal (ssb) ground in gorakhpur on january 23.
;;0.6124;;prime minister narendramodi has been smartly leaning on mahatma gandhi and congress icons like jawaharlal nehru and sardar patel to establish his credentials as an administrator and acquire the stature of a statesman.
;;0.2732;;he also argued that the government has acted with malafide against sharma immediately after discovering that the latter had met ramchandran who was in gujarat sometime back under the directions of the supreme court to inquire into the allegations against chief minister narendramodi and 62 others with reference to the gulberg society massacre.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at hyderabad house in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(express photo/renuka puri/file) prime minister narendramodi at hyderabad house in new delhi.
;;-0.4404;;(express photo/renuka puri/file)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday condemned the incidents of vandalism of statues in several parts of the country.
;;-0.7549;;a former mla, who is known for his hate speech against prime minister narendramodi , had got over 4 lakh votes in 2014 lok sabha elections against bjp candidate but could not win.
;;0.0;;however, congress unit in varanasi has been requesting her to rather camp from the district, prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency.
;;0.2732;;we want to make india a top scientific nation under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , vardhan said.
;;0.128;;congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala (file photo) congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala (file photo)congress on tuesday accused union minister ananth kumar and former karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa of misusing power by collecting ill-gotten money and dared prime minister narendramodi to sack them from the party and lodge an fir against them.
;;0.296;;former prime minister hd deve gowda and former karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah on monday wrote to prime minister narendramodi demanding the immediate release of rs 5,000 crore for flood relief and rehabilitation work in the state.
;;0.0;;b'macron visit begins from march 9 macron visit begins from march 9prime minister narendramodi will jointly inaugurate a 75-megawatt solar power plant in uttar pradeshs mirzapur district with french president emmanuel macron, who will be in india on a four-day visit, beginning march 9.
;;0.7184;;b'pm narendramodi (file photo) pm narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi has congratulated outgoing prime minister of nepal pushpa kamal dahal prachanda for the successful conduct of local elections there.
;;-0.2732;;former cm prem kumar dhumal on friday cautioned chief minister virbhadra singh against attempts to defame him on property charges and reminded him that he himself had volunteered for the probe by any agency, including cbi, a request he had made to prime minister narendramodi in 2015.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe raids in delhi and chandigarh come at a time when trinamool congress chief and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee is in the national capital and has met prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah among others.
;;-0.1154;;prime minister narendramodi is learnt to have picked up the conversation as he stopped by but did not offer his thoughts.
;;0.4215;;reportedly, the decision has been taken to announce the candidates name ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis departure for united states on june 24.
;;0.0;;prime minister prime minister narendramodi along with uttar pradesh governor ram naik, up cm yogi adityanath, haryana cm manohar lal khattar, union minister nitin gadkari and others during the inauguration of the eastern peripheral expressway at baghpath on sunday.
;;0.0;;varanasi: prime minister narendramodi during his road show in varanasi.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) varanasi: prime minister narendramodi during his road show in varanasi.
;;0.5267;;it credited bjps landslide victory to prime minister narendramodi , whom they hailed as a mesmerising orator.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi on a victory march to the bjp office in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) pm narendramodi on a victory march to the bjp office in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;it said the victory has been seen as a referendum on the performance of prime minister narendramodi modis nearly 3-year-old government.
;;-0.6684;;(pti photo)congress chief ministerial candidate for uttar pradesh assembly polls sheila dikshit on sunday attacked prime minister narendramodi for his foreign tours, saying these did not benefit the country in any way.
;;-0.8225;;in one complaint, he accused aiyar of calling prime minister narendramodi a neech aadmi before the 2017 gujarat elections, allegedly to influence voters and incite hatred.
;;0.4404;;b'uttar pradesh governor ram naik (express photo/file) uttar pradesh governor ram naik (express photo/file)prime minister narendramodi feels that the just concluded up investors summit was better than the first such event organised by the gujarat government in 2003, according to up governor ram naik.
;;0.4404;;prime minster narendramodi acknowledged that the uttar pradesh investors summit was better than the first such event organised by the gujarat government in 2003, he added.
;;0.0;;even before that meeting is over, prime minister narendramodi , back from the g7 summit in france just hours earlier, invites her to 7, lok kalyan marg.
;;0.0;;astana: prime minister narendramodi met with chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the sco summit in astana, kazakhstan on friday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) astana: prime minister narendramodi met with chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the sco summit in astana, kazakhstan on friday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday met with chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of two-day shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) in kazakhstan capital astana.
;;0.5267;;rajesh stephendescribing prime minister narendramodi and ncp sharad pawar as two sides of the same coin, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray said his government would extend permanent support to the devendra fadnavis government if he waives farmers loan.
;;0.7096;;prime minister narendramodi went to uttar pradesh and declared that farmers in that state will get loan waiver if bjp wonbut he did not show the same sympathy for the dying farmers of maharashtraif chief minister devendra fadnavis announces loan waiver to farmers, the shiv sena will extend permanent support to his government, he said.
;;0.4019;;pti photo by shahbaz khanprime minister narendramodi today called upon the diamond industry in surat to take a lead in making india emerge as number one in the gems and jewellery sector.
;;0.3818;;read | four years of modi government: roads on course, rivers next, says nitin gadkarirapid strides have also been made in tuberculosis control, spurred by the suo motu commitment of prime minister narendramodi to eliminate the disease by 2025, five years ahead of the global deadline.
;;0.0;;mayawati will not hold any rally in varanasi, prime minister narendramodi modis constituency, in the first phase of her ongoing state-wide campaign.
;;0.1779;;the opposition parties in punjab mocked chief minister parkash singh badal and criticised prime minister narendramodi for not announcing an economic relief package for the state during his visit to chandigarh on friday.
;;-0.5719;;(source: pti/file)prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet reshuffle  or expansion as he calls it  has revealed that union minister smriti irani has lost her portfolio of human resource development and has been given charge of, what many argue, is a less-significant textiles ministry.
;;0.0;;bjp ideologue deendayal upadhyay, prime minister narendramodi and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan are among personalities whose short biographies could be taught in government recognised madrasas in madhya pradesh.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi is to be present throughout the programme.
;;0.4019;;the family has decided to take out a mashal rally in varanasi seeking support from local residents and gherao prime minister narendramodi modis office in varanasi on july 30.
;;-0.7717;;congress president rahul gandhi, reacting to the reports, blamed prime minister narendramodi for destroying the banking system.
;;0.1027;;lokayukta row z seeks details of correspondence between cm,governor over an ordinance to amend the lokayukta actamid the controversial correspondence between chief minister narendramodi and governor kamla beniwal over the issue of appointment of lokayukta,one vital detail that was not mentioned in the high court was that modi had sent an ordinance to the governor to amend the lokayukta act.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi moditen years after it started with just three districts, the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , renamed the multi-sectoral development programme (msdp) as pradhan mantri jan vikas karyakram.
;;0.0;;last month, congress president sonia gandhi held a roadshow in prime minister narendramodi modis lok sabha constituency of varanasi, which is also in the same region.
;;0.0;;read hereadvertisingus president donald trump threw a bombshell at india on monday during a meeting with visiting prime minister imran khan when he said prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on kashmir.
;;0.1779;;speaking at the golden jubilee celebrations of vadodaras navrachna education society, patel asked the society to come forward and adopt schools and villages while also conveying a message from prime minister narendramodi to schools and educational institutions in the state that educational tours for students should be arranged for jammu-kashmir and the north-east states of india, in order to facilitate interaction between students from other parts of the country.
;;-0.2263;;there is a palpable sense of hurt in prime minister narendramodi modis words when he complains that everyone rushes to do politics in the name of babasaheb ambedkar while no other government has honoured, given respect to babasaheb ambedkar the way the present government has.
;;-0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi at the 150-year celebrations of allahabad high court (photo: pmo) prime minister narendramodi at the 150-year celebrations of allahabad high court (photo: pmo)prime minister narendramodi on sunday suggested fusing judiciary with digital technology in order to ensure the burden on judiciary is reduced.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi along with cji j s khehar and others at the 150-year celebrations of allahabad high court.
;;0.0;;(source: pmo india/twitter) pm narendramodi along with cji j s khehar and others at the 150-year celebrations of allahabad high court.
;;-0.5106;;in a relief to gujarat chief minister narendramodi earlier in the day,the apex court refused to pass any order on his alleged inaction to contain the 2002 riots and referred the matter to the concerned magistrate in ahmedabad for a decision.
;;-0.6705;;zakia had filed a complaint against gujarat chief minister narendramodi and others in the gulburg society riots case,based on which,the apex court had asked the sit to investigate.
;;0.1027;;b'pathankot: indian prime minister narendramodi watching a presentation on counter-terrorist and combing operation by the defence forces, at pathankot airbase on saturday.
;;0.1027;;(pti photo) pathankot: indian prime minister narendramodi watching a presentation on counter-terrorist and combing operation by the defence forces, at pathankot airbase on saturday.
;;0.4767;;(pti photo)praising the bravery and determination of our men and women on the ground, prime minister narendramodi visited the pathankot airbase saturday and expressed satisfaction over the tactical response of the security forces in eliminating the terrorists who attacked the iaf facility.
;;0.0;;although omar did not specify as to who he was referring to,the comment seems to be in response to jd-us stand on reconsidering its ties with the nda in the wake of elevation of gujarat chief minister narendramodi as bjps poll panel chief for next years lok sabha elections.
;;0.7845;;jdu national spokesperson shivanand tiwari had said yesterday that it is a matter of great concern that advani,who had built bjp brick by brick is being treated shabbily by his own party leaders who ran roughshod over him and went ahead with their decision to anoint gujarat chief minister narendramodi as the bjp poll campaign panel chief.
;;-0.4767;;(source: express photo by prem nath pandey)congress on wednesday reminded prime minister narendramodi that he had advocated a stern approach towards pakistan while in opposition and asked him to walk the talk in the wake of the pathankot attack.
;;-0.7964;;bhatt,who accused gujarat chief minister narendramodi of misusing the state machinery during post-godhra riots in 2002,had last month filed an additional affidavit in the apex court alleging that gujarat government was helping the accused in the fake encounter case to prepare their defense.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , who is in russias vladivostok for the 5th eef summit, met malaysian prime minister mahathir bin mohamad and discussed the issue of islamic preacher zakir naiks extradition.
;;0.0;;that was the main message from the second leg of prime minister narendramodi modis european sojourn last week.
;;0.7003;;b'a fresh chorus of l k advani for prime minister has begun in bjp even as a tussle is on between the party and jd(u) over gujarat chief minister narendramodi being declared the nda candidate for the top post.
;;0.0;;in 2017, a team of union ministers  rajnath singh, arun jaitley, manohar parrikar, nitin gadkari and ravi shankar prasad  was constituted on the direction of prime minister narendramodi to deliberate on the idea.
;;-0.5267;;last week, while addressing an election rally in gonda, prime minister narendramodi said the derailment of indore-patna express in kanpur dehat was an act of sabotage, the plan for which was hatched across the border.
;;0.4767;;b'kudankulam nuclear plant kudankulam nuclear plantindias discussions on units five and six of the kudankulam nuclear plant is at the stage of internal approval, the external affairs ministry said today, less than a fortnight ahead of the annual summit between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;prime minister prime minister narendramodi and rajnath singh during a ceremonial reception at the forecourt of rashtrapati bhawan, in new delhi.
;;0.5423;;(source: pti photo)stating that demonetisation has had no impact on gdp, prime minister narendramodi citing testimonials by apple chief tim cook, microsoft founder bill gates, world bank chief kristalina georgieva, nobel laureate for economics muhammad yunus and others, on tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with former pm manmohan singh in december 2017.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/manish swarup) prime minister narendramodi with former pm manmohan singh in december 2017.
;;-0.9442;;(ap photo/manish swarup)hitting out at prime minister narendramodi for his long silence over the rape and murder of an eight-year-old girl in kathua and the alleged rape of a teenager by a bjp mla in unnao, former prime minister manmohan singh told the indian express that modi should follow his own advice to me and speak more often.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi during the 2nd international day of yoga at the capitol complex in chandigarh on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi during the 2nd international day of yoga at the capitol complex in chandigarh on tuesday.
;;0.0;;on the second day of his satyagraha fast to counter chief minister narendramodi modis sadbhavana upvas,senior congress leader shankersinh vaghela said neither fasts nor bringing topi-clad muslim men or burqa-clad muslim women to his programme could wash the stains of 2002 off modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at lingaraj temple in bhubaneswar on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti prime minister narendramodi at lingaraj temple in bhubaneswar on sunday.
;;0.0772;;ptiin a veiled swipe aimed at the nehru-gandhi family, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that the narrative of countrys freedom struggle was appropriated by a few families, even while the fight against the british was a saga of sacrifice of several people.
;;0.0;;berlin : german chancellor angela merkel, right, and indian prime minister narendramodi , walk through the garden of the government guest house meseberg palace during a meeting in meseberg, about 70 kilometers (43 miles) north on berlin, monday, may 29, 2017.
;;0.0;;(ap/pti) berlin : german chancellor angela merkel, right, and indian prime minister narendramodi , walk through the garden of the government guest house meseberg palace during a meeting in meseberg, about 70 kilometers (43 miles) north on berlin, monday, may 29, 2017.
;;0.0;;(ap/pti)setting a roadmap for the bilateral strategic ties between india and germany, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday opened the fourth india-germany intergovernmental consultations (igc) with german chancellor angela merkel in berlin.
;;0.0;;06 pm: prime minister narendramodi has had a busy day in berlin.
;;0.8126;;15 pm: prime minister modi inspecting guard of honour in berlinprime minister narendramodi inspects guard of honour in berlin, germany pic.
;;0.6124;;15 am: reflecting on the modi-merkel meet, the ministry of external affairs said the two leaders reviewed brexit and its potential impact on both india and germany as well as the future of the european union: ani1: 27 am: in the latest update, prime minister narendramodi said he has had a good interaction with chancellor angela merkel.
;;0.0;;#watch prime minister narendramodi and german chancellor angela merkel interact at schloss mesebergs garden in germany pic.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/yx7d9udqbe  ani (@ani_news) may 29, 201710: 35 pm:#watch prime minister narendramodi interacts with german chancellor angela merkel at schloss meseberg, germany pic.
;;0.0;;germany: prime minister narendramodi with german chancellor angela merkel at schloss meseberg, signs visitors book pic.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi being received on his arrival, in berlin, germany on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo/pib) prime minister narendramodi being received on his arrival, in berlin, germany on tuesday.
;;0.0;;45 pm: prime minister narendramodi has landed in berlin, germany, the first country he will visit as part of his four-nation tour.
;;-0.7501;;terming the charges as very serious, the congress leader asked prime minister narendramodi to take immediate action against him and sack him, failing which the congress will be constrained to take up other means.
;;0.0;;effigies of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister chouhan were burnt.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has written to heads of all village panchayats in the country urging them to conserve rain water and make it a peoples movement.
;;-0.7003;;related news a jana sangh founder who brooked no diktatprime minister narendramodi was among the first leaders who visited the rajendra nagar residence of balraj madhok, a former rss pracharak and founding member of bharatiya jan sangh, who died at aiims monday morning.
;;-0.6124;;suspended ips officer sanjiv bhatt has claimed that rs 10 lakh,allegedly drawn from the state secret service fund (ssf) to undermine the proceedings of a 2002 riots related petition before the supreme court,were handed over by chief minister narendramodi to former minister amit shah for further disbursal as per plans,in his presence.
;;0.0;;this,the letter states,were drawn from the secret service funds on april 12,2002,and were immediately delivered,as instructed,to narendramodi modi; and were subsequently handed over by modi to shah,in my presence,on the very same day,for further disbursal and execution of plans as per the instructions of modi.
;;0.6486;;invoking names of past mayors,she said the city had developed well under the direct guidance of chief minister narendramodi besides revenue minister anandiben patel and party treasurer surendra patel.
;;-0.5994;;(file photo)slamming the narendramodi government over demonetisation, rjd leader raghuvansh prasad singh today termed the bjp-led government jhansaram (one who deceives) for making tall claims on notes ban as fight against black money which in truth did not yield any result.
;;-0.3182;;mounting an offensive against prime minister narendramodi and the bjp, ncp president and former union defence minister sharad pawar said on wednesday that the ghost of rafale will ensure the burial of the modi regime.
;;0.4019;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee tuesday said she would not be attending tomorrows meeting of presidents of all political parties called by prime minister narendramodi to discuss the one nation, one election issue.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , right, welcomes turkish president recep tayyip erdogan, center, as president pranab mukherjee, left, watches them during the ceremonial reception of erdogan at the presidential palace, in new delhi, monday, may 1, 2017.
;;0.4019;;(ap photo/manish swarup) prime minister narendramodi , right, welcomes turkish president recep tayyip erdogan, center, as president pranab mukherjee, left, watches them during the ceremonial reception of erdogan at the presidential palace, in new delhi, monday, may 1, 2017.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with a us congressional delegation during a meetingin new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi with a us congressional delegation during a meetingin new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.34;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on tuesday raised the issue of h-1b visas during his interaction with the visiting us congressional delegation and shared his perspective on areas where both countries can work more closely.
;;0.891;;prime minister narendramodi today promised total support to these flood-hit states in conduct of rescue and relief operations.
;;0.0;;(source: narendramodi website)prime minister narendramodi addressed the nation on sunday through his radio programme mann ki baat.
;;0.5267;;chief minister narendramodi held a series of meetings with political leaders and industry representatives in tokyo on the second day of his japan tour on tuesday,and invited them to attend the vibrant gujarat global investors summit (vggis) to be held in january next year.
;;0.3182;;opposition congress on sunday dismissed chief minister narendramodi modis claim that the ruling bjp government was solely responsible for bringing law banning cow slaughter in the state.
;;0.2023;;read: as narendramodi unfurls flag, twitterati make #independencedayindia trendnow, prime minister modi seemsand seems is the operative word here that he might be willing to take his chances.
;;0.0;;mayawati said, prime minister narendramodi keeps calling all his work historic.
;;-0.8519;;because of the wrong economic strategies of the narendramodi government, especially the immature decision of demonetisation and the gst, there is an unprecedented rise in poverty, inflation and unemployment in the country.
;;0.5267;;divulging details of the meeting of party state committee held on tuesday, he said as part of agitation against the demonetisation, the party would hold symbolic public trial of prime minister narendramodi in all the 14 district head quarters on january 25.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and road transport, highways & shipping minister nitin gadkari during the launch of setu bharatam project.
;;0.0;;(express file photo: amit mehra) prime minister narendramodi and road transport, highways & shipping minister nitin gadkari during the launch of setu bharatam project.
;;0.7184;;(express file photo: amit mehra)two years ago, prime minister narendramodi launched the setu bharatam scheme for building 208 bridges at railway crossings on national highways to ensure safe and smooth flow of traffic.
;;0.802;;on march 4, 2016, prime minister narendramodi launched setu bharatam scheme and stated that a good infrastructure network is vital for the growth and development of a nation.
;;0.0;;the bjp leader faced questions on prime minister narendramodi not tweeting on some of the burning issues.
;;0.5719;;last weeks conversation between prime minister narendramodi and president donald trump on the evolving situation in the maldives points to the prospects for greater coordination between india and the west in the maldives.
;;0.5574;;b'prime minister narendramodi modis interview to the tv channel, times now, was remarkable in itself.
;;-0.3612;;with prime minister narendramodi by her side, hasina is likely to present the citation and rs 5 lakh to each fallen soldiers family, according to sources.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will on saturday attend the closing ceremony of allahabad high courts sesquicentennial celebrations in allahabad.
;;-0.8201;;a number of civilians were also killed and injured in the jammu area due to this firing incident which was seen to have increased in the wake of prime minister narendramodi modis day-long visit to jammu and kashmir on saturday.
;;0.7351;;in august last year, prime minister narendramodi had made a clarion call to increase farmers incomes by improving the production of honey through increased bee-keeping activities.
;;0.0;;he tagged prime minister narendramodi in his tweet and said a bmc employee had sought rs 5 lakh from him.
;;0.0;;b'congress mp shantaram naik today compared gujarat chief minister narendramodi to adolf hitler and pol pot.
;;0.0258;;meanwhile, darjeeling mp s s ahluwalia  who is currently on an official visit to europe  has written to prime minister narendramodi regarding the matter, asking him to intervene in what he calls an emergency-like situation.
;;0.6269;;prime minister narendramodi on monday requested tripura chief minister manik sarkar to send him a detail note on how the left front government had tackled insurgency so successfully.
;;0.5423;;rashtriya sahara, in its editorial on march 20, writes: after the bjps massive victory in the up assembly elections, it was thought that prime minister narendramodi would devote his entire energy to the development of the country.
;;0.0;;chief minister pinarayi vijayan, who is in delhi on a two-day visit, met prime minister narendramodi and discussed the states issues regarding the public distribution system.
;;0.0;;(express photo) chief minister pinarayi vijayan, who is in delhi on a two-day visit, met prime minister narendramodi and discussed the states issues regarding the public distribution system.
;;0.0;;chief minister pinarayi vijayan, who is in delhi on a two-day visit, met prime minister narendramodi and discussed the states issues regarding the public distribution system.
;;0.25;;in varanasi, sonias focus is likely to be on the two-year rule of prime minister narendramodi , who represents that consituency in lok sabha  and what the party terms as his failed promises.
;;-0.5574;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi will next week hold a review meeting with the revenue department to take stock of the anti-black money drive post note ban and tax collected thereof, as also steps taken for the gst rollout.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi celebrating the diwali with the jawans of the indian army and bsf, in the gurez valley, near the line of control, in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.5719;;(file) prime minister narendramodi celebrating the diwali with the jawans of the indian army and bsf, in the gurez valley, near the line of control, in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.8271;;read | finance: gst on course, noose on black money tightenedthe award of one rank one pension (orop) has taken care of a long-pending demand of retired military personnel, which was promised by narendramodi as a prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.0;;read | arvind kejriwal addresses aap workers: some upset, say real issues not discussedstriking a reconciliatory tone, kejriwal also congratulated prime minister narendramodi on his election victory and hoped that the incoming union government and the delhi government will work together.
;;0.6486;;the congress on friday said prime minister narendramodi should apologise to the country for his remarks during the gujarat election last year that his predecessor manmohan singh and other party members had colluded with pakistan to influence the poll results.
;;0.6808;;file photo/agencieschhattisgarh chief minister raman singh on monday praised prime minister narendramodi for easing the foreign direct investment (fdi) norms in pharma, aviation and defence sectors in what is being called a major reform move.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi modis fourth visit to france in a little over five years marks the consolidation of a relationship that had offered much promise for so long.
;;0.2263;;sonowal requested prime minister narendramodi to allow continuation of the neiipp till a new industrial policy is put in place for the northeast.
;;0.5537;;instead of railing against china for blocking indias nsg entry, though, this a good opportunity for introspection about whether prime minister narendramodi modis government is actually doing what it needs to deserve that recognition.
;;-0.5892;;watch video | jallikattu organisers defiant, say they will organise sport despite supreme court rulingaiadmk general secretary v k sasikala has already urged prime minister narendramodi to promulgate an ordinance for holding jallikattu.
;;0.2042;;chief minister narendramodi had made a strong pitch for speedier allocation of coal blocks for captive power and steel plants,as claimed by union finance minister p chidambaram on monday,but he had not recommended allocating it to any one in particular,as per the state governments records accessed by the indian express.
;;0.34;;deputy prime minister nidhi told reporters that the purpose of his visit to india was to invite president mukherjee to visit nepal and prepare the ground for the india visit of prime minister prachanda, who received an invitation from his indian counterpart narendramodi on the day he was elected to the top post.
;;0.0;;(express photo by subham dutta)breaking tradition, visva bharati university has invited chief minister mamata banerjee to be on the dais during its convocation ceremony on friday, which will be attended by prime minister narendramodi and his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina.
;;0.0;;mamata banerjee will be on the dais along with prime minister narendramodi and bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina.
;;-0.2062;;they said prime minister narendramodi had not fulfilled his promises to raise minimum support price (msp) of agricultural produce by 50 per cent he made during 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.296;;ap photoencouraged by prime minister narendramodi modis supportive words, leaders of the baloch nationalist movement here have sought support from the us and european countries against the oppressive pakistani regime.
;;-0.128;;fadnavis raised the demand at the niti aayogs fourth governing council meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on sunday.
;;-0.296;;he claims to have also written to chief minister narendramodi to carry out an inquiry against the accused officials.
;;-0.5859;;india against corruption members mallika sarabhai and arvind kejriwal have now sent a letter to chief minister narendramodi to look into the issue following the alleged assault on shah on monday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi called up marxist veteran v s achutanandan and congratulated him for the ldfs resounding victory.
;;-0.1027;;in the run up to the election, prime minister narendramodi modis comparison of kerala with somalia had hurt the malayalee pride and congress president sonia gandhi made an emotional reply to modis remarks on her italian roots.
;;0.6486;;b'earlier, narendramodi cited sachin tendulkar as an example for students to compete with oneself and not with others (source: twitter) earlier, narendramodi cited sachin tendulkar as an example for students to compete with oneself and not with others (source: twitter)former indian cricketer sachin tendulkar has been travelling around the country to promote the upcoming film, sachin: a billion dreams.
;;0.4927;;twitter.com/irqm7q51sl  sachin tendulkar (@sachin_rt) 19 may 2017after this narendramodi too responded on twitter and wrote,had a very good meeting with @sachin_rt.
;;0.128;;twitter.com/qquyb3qeez  narendramodi (@narendramodi) 19 may 2017it may be recalled here that earlier, prime minister narendramodi on sunday cited sachin tendulkar as an example for students to compete with oneself and not with others, the cricket legend thanked him and stressed that preparation is key for everyone, be it a student or a player.
;;0.34;;how delhi rewound to osaka to rebut trump  diplomaticallyadvertisingindias response to donald trumps claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir, came after 40-45 minutes of deliberations within the government on how to respond to the us presidents statement.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , left and spanish premier mariano rajoy speak while walking in the gardens of the moncloa palace in madrid, spain, wednesday may 31, 2017.
;;0.0;;(ap/pti photo) prime minister narendramodi , left and spanish premier mariano rajoy speak while walking in the gardens of the moncloa palace in madrid, spain, wednesday may 31, 2017.
;;-0.4767;;(ap/pti photo)prime minister narendramodi and spanish president mariano rajoy on tuesday stressed the importance of resolving the disputes in the strategic south china sea in accordance with the universally recognised principles of international law, a statement that could anger china.
;;0.5267;;we have received a confirmation from uae for being a partner country for vibrant summit, said p k taneja, additional chief secretary, industries and mines department that is overlooking the preparation for the summit that was first started in 2003 by the then chief minister narendramodi to rekindle the pace of investments in gujarat.
;;-0.6249;;condemning the increasing attacks on doctors in india, an influential body of indian-american physicians has sought intervention of prime minister narendramodi to put an end to violence against medical professionals.
;;0.128;;a day after patnaik wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to withdraw the negotiation committee formed by the union water resources ministry to resolve the issue, pradhan said as per the inter-state water disputes act, there was a provision for forming a tribunal.
;;0.0516;;abhinav sahawith his government completing three years in office, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said he welcomed the critical feedback and in-depth analysis of its work, tested on every touchstone, and said constructive criticism strengthens a democracy.
;;0.0;;(file)the history of the rashtrapati bhavan, from its construction to the lives of its occupants, will be on display in a high-tech story-telling museum which will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi next week when president pranab mukherjee completes four years as the head of state.
;;-0.9042;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on friday criticised prime minister narendramodi for inaugurating the vande bharat express a day after the pulwama terror attack and said the centre should have declared a three-day mourning period.
;;0.1027;;the decision to ramp up defence cooperation was taken during the annual summit talks between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin st petersburg.
;;-0.4005;;terming prime minister narendramodi modis recent telangana visit, a completely flop show, the telangana pradesh congress committee (tpcc) said his claim of bringing down urea prices is a lie.
;;0.0;;the indian navy chiefs trip to israel comes ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis historic visit to the country next month.
;;0.0;;the chief minister was speaking at a programme where documentaries on the lives of prime minister narendramodi , governor ram naik, yogi adityanath and union minister of state for external affairs general (retd) v k singh were unveiled on the birth anniversary of maharana pratap.
;;0.3089;;former vice-chancellor of darul uloom deoband ghulam muhammad vastanvi sunday said that muslims should not have any problem if the country elects gujarat chief minister narendramodi as the prime minister.
;;-0.296;;he merely said that if our country chooses narendramodi as the next prime minister,then there is no reason muslims would have objection to it.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with his qatar counterpart emir of qatar abdullah bin nasser bin khalifa al thani during arrival at doha airport on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi with his qatar counterpart emir of qatar abdullah bin nasser bin khalifa al thani during arrival at doha airport on saturday.
;;0.6124;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi arrived in doha on saturday on a two-day visit which is focused on giving a newpush to the economic ties, particularly in the hydrocarbon sector, between india and the energy-rich qatar.
;;0.25;;sacha had created ripples last week when he made an appearance in full arab attire at the sadbhavna fast venue of chief minister narendramodi and occupied the stage for hours.
;;0.4019;;read morencc experience gives a glimpse of indias strengths and diversities: pm modiprime minister narendramodi on saturday addressed ncc cadets and officers at a rally in new delhi.
;;0.0;;b'new delhi: mauritian pm pravind kumar jugnauth addresses media as his wife kobita jugnauth and prime minister narendramodi look on during the ceremonial reception at the forecourt of rashtrapati bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) new delhi: mauritian pm pravind kumar jugnauth addresses media as his wife kobita jugnauth and prime minister narendramodi look on during the ceremonial reception at the forecourt of rashtrapati bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.6808;;the two countries also signed a maritime security agreement after extensive talks between prime minister narendramodi and his mauritian counterpart pravind jugnauth.
;;-0.8934;;praveen khannaon a day prime minister narendramodi condemned the killing of e-rickshaw driver ravinder kumar and directed authorities to punish the culprits, delhi police were yet to make a breakthrough in the case.
;;0.34;;with the reserve bank of india expressing helplessness in their case in a letter on march 22, the two children have now pinned all their hopes on an open letter  one they posted online on march 25 to prime minister narendramodi modis office, seeking help.
;;-0.34;;the people burnt fire crackers and distributed sweets,after bjp announced chief minister narendramodi as partys prime ministerial candidate for the next lok sabha elections.
;;0.6096;;on the occasion,surat city mayor said,we are very much happy that bjp has declared narendramodi as partys pm candidate.
;;0.4019;;surat city bjp president purnesh modi said,it was the wish of each and every worker,leader and youth of country that narendramodi should lead india in 2014.
;;-0.5994;;in his address, he launched a scathing attack on prime minister narendramodi , bjp and the rss over demonetisation and for weakening all institutions  rbi, election commission and judiciary in a span of two and a half years.
;;-0.7964;;many call it polemics, but his vicious attacks against the central government and prime minister narendramodi have gone up many notches in the recent past.
;;0.1739;;bihar cannot develop unless the state is granted special category status and the country too cannot make much progress without bihars development, manjhi said while stating that even prime minister narendramodi is also of the same opinion but he did not do anything concrete on it.
;;0.34;;swarajs direction came after the punjab chief minister, in a tweet, requested prime minister narendramodi and swaraj to take up the issue of security concerns of indians living in the us with president donald trump.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiin his first visit to african mainland, prime minister narendramodi will travel to mozambique, south africa, tanzania and kenya from july 7 to 11.
;;0.4019;;b'family members of netaji subhas chandra bose have sought the help of gujarat chief minister narendramodi for declassification of all secret files concerning the leader.
;;-0.7906;;source: renuka purireturning to parliament from campaigns in the states going to assembly polls, prime minister narendramodi mounted a scathing attack tuesday on the congress, accusing it of not taking steps against black money in the past for fear of an electoral backlash.
;;-0.8402;;prime minister narendramodi on monday condemned the attack on a minibus carrying nepalese security guards in kabul and said india will provide all assistance to nepal government in this hour of tragedy.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will visit jammu and kashmir on may 19.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi will visit jammu and kashmir on may 19.
;;-0.25;;(file photo)separatists leaders syed ali shah geelani, mirwaiz umar farooq and yasin malik, under the banner of joint resistance leadership (jrl), will march to lal chowk in srinagar to protest against prime minister narendramodi modis impending visit to the state on may 19.
;;-0.2263;;to register their protests against prime minister narendramodi modis visit to state on may 19, the people should march towards the historic lal chowk (in srinagar), the separatist leaders said.
;;-0.2144;;criticising the modi government, the article stated, senior members of the b.j.p. and the rastriya swayamsevak sangh (r.s.s.), a hindu nationalist organization with major influence over prime minister narendramodi , have responded not with dialogue but with persecution, not with negotiation but with clampdowns.
;;0.8074;;indian legend sachin tendulkar has commended and thanked prime minister narendramodi for promoting cricket while on his diplomatic visit to the maldives earlier this week.
;;0.4404;;twitter.com/g0pggaz60e  narendramodi (@narendramodi) 8 june 2019the gift on behalf of the indian head of state follows delegation-level talks with the maldivian president  pm modis first visit to a leader overseas since his reelection in may.
;;0.0;;(photo: twitter/@pib_india)prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit motihari on april 10 to take part in the concluding ceremony of champaran satyagraha centenary celebrations, a district official has said.
;;0.0;;earlier this month,suzuki motor corporation (smc) chairman osamo suzuki met chief minister narendramodi to discuss his companys tentative plans of setting up its indian arm maruti suzukis manufacturing plant in the state.
;;0.0;;in 2015, chief minister jayalalithaa appealed to prime minister narendramodi twice to denotify bulls from the list of performing animals, he said.
;;0.0;;advertisingwhite house counsellor kellyanne conway was responding to a question on thursday on the denial by the indian government that prime minister narendramodi requested president donald trump to mediate on the kashmir issue.
;;-0.5994;;b'prime minister narendramodi at rajghat on mahatma gandhis death anniversary.
;;-0.5994;;(photo-pib) prime minister narendramodi at rajghat on mahatma gandhis death anniversary.
;;-0.5994;;(photo-pib)prime minister narendramodi on saturday paid tributes to father of the nation mahatma gandhi on his death anniversary.
;;0.8271;;but, he is still hopeful and said that he will appeal to prime minister narendramodi so that his case at the nada anti-doping disciplinary panel is expedited like in the case of wrestler narsingh yadav.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi took to twitter to condole the deaths and express support for swaraj and gen singh.
;;0.7906;;with the supreme court directing the government to appoint the director by january 16, the selection panel, comprising prime minister narendramodi , chief justice of india j s khehar, and leader of opposition in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge, is set to meet on monday.
;;-0.296;;police stop the traffic while the motorcade of prime minister narendramodi leaves the rally ground in sector 25, chandigarh, on friday.
;;-0.6124;;(express photo by sahil walia)the chandigarh administration was left red-faced on friday when prime minister narendramodi tweeted expressing regrets on the inconvenience caused to chandigarh residents during his visit.
;;0.4588;;i went to delhi and met prime minister narendramodi and overnight i got an ordinance cleared through home ministry, law ministry, environment ministry to ensure jallikattu happened, he said.
;;0.4767;;(source: pti)former cricketer and pakistan tehreek-e-insaf chief imran khan has lashed out at pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif for making friends with indian prime minister narendramodi while the latter was busy isolating pakistan in the international community.
;;-0.1779;;last week, khan had warned prime minister narendramodi saying pakistan will stand united in case of war and he should not think all of pakistan is like nawaz sharif.
;;-0.296;;taking note of our complaint addressed to prime minister narendramodi regarding corruption in upcl, the pmo has forwarded it to the state government for necessary action, aaps state working committee president anoop nautiyal told the reporters.
;;0.3182;;dash was supported by other ruling party legislators, including priyadarshi mishra who were on their feet criticising narendramodi for his remark at an election rally in poll-bound uttar pradesh on friday.
;;0.7003;;buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi had yesterday said he was committed to root out corruption.
;;0.6124;;hold all polls together, save time, money: pm modi floats ideathe commissions remarks are significant against the backdrop of prime minister narendramodi recently pitching for concurrent polls to panchayats, urban local bodies, states and the parliament at a bjp meeting in march.
;;0.0772;;chief minister narendramodi last week tweeted that gujarat was the number one state in the country in providing employment through state-run employment exchanges.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister, narendramodi (file photo) prime minister, narendramodi (file photo)a committee, headed by prime minister narendramodi , will meet on monday to select the next cbi chief, a post which is lying vacant for some time.
;;0.3612;;a team of the indigenous peoples front of tripura (ipft), an alliance partner of the state government, met prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath rpt rajnath singh on january 8 this year before the tripura assembly elections and they were assured of forming the committee, jamatia told pti.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee in this file photo.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee in this file photo.
;;-0.7783;;chief minister mamata banerjee on wednesday said she is set to meet prime minister narendramodi and raise the states financial crisis and ganga erosion problem, seeking more funds to tackle both issues.
;;0.7003;;singh also referred to prime minister narendramodi making it clear that india wants to maintain peaceful relations with all its neighbouring countries.
;;-0.3875;;yechury also slammed prime minister narendramodi and said that his silence showed that the government did not care.
;;0.4939;;follow g-20 summit 2019 highlights hereindia stresses on ending support to terrorismapart from committing to the paris agreement, prime minister narendramodi held separate bilateral meetings with leaders of indonesia, brazil, turkey, australia, singapore and chile besides participating in the japan-us-india trilateral meeting.
;;0.0;;b'chinese president xi jinping (c) takes a group photo with prime minister narendramodi , brazils president michel temer (l), russian president vladimir putin (2nd r) and south africas president jacob zuma at the west lake state guest house ahead of g20 summit in hangzhou, zhejiang province, china, september 4, 2016.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters/wang zhao/pool) chinese president xi jinping (c) takes a group photo with prime minister narendramodi , brazils president michel temer (l), russian president vladimir putin (2nd r) and south africas president jacob zuma at the west lake state guest house ahead of g20 summit in hangzhou, zhejiang province, china, september 4, 2016.
;;0.4767;;however, for the past one month senior officers have been engrossed in making arrangements for the mega event that will be led by prime minister narendramodi , leaving them with little time to attend to this vital aspect of their work.
;;0.0;;a day after narendramodi said he was being bribed with a couple of aakash tablets,hrd minister kapil sibal on said he had sent the low-cost devices to the gujarat chief minister so that he could learn about them.
;;-0.438;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi has meandered around the idea of demonetisation but never clearly gave away his agenda.
;;0.8176;;prime minister narendramodi modis office said in a statement the country was ready to support bangladesh with search and rescue efforts if needed.
;;-0.1027;;b'file photo: prime minister narendramodi , lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, home minister rajnath singh and mos jayant sinha at a function to pay tributes to shyama prasad mukherji on the occasion of his birth anniversary in the central hall of parliament in new delhi.
;;-0.1027;;6 july, 2016 (source: pti photo by shahbaz khan/file) file photo: prime minister narendramodi , lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, home minister rajnath singh and mos jayant sinha at a function to pay tributes to shyama prasad mukherji on the occasion of his birth anniversary in the central hall of parliament in new delhi.
;;0.4019;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on thursday inaugurated the first shimla-new delhi flight under a government scheme to boost regional air connectivity, saying that it would enable the common man to fly.
;;0.0;;last year, chief election commissioner nasim zaidi had written to prime minister narendramodi drawing his attention to the funds needed for the machines.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by renuka puri)as the results came in saturday, prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah had brief conversations over phone.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi will launch azadi-70, yaad karo kurbani campaign on tuesday in bhabhra, birth place of revolutionary leader chandrashekhar azad, in madhya pradeshs alirajpur district on the anniversary of the quit india movement.
;;-0.7701;;bjp leader yashwant sinha flayed the narendramodi government over its vigorous push to get nsg membership, saying there was no need for it as india stands to lose and not gain by becoming a member and alleged that people sitting in the government were misguiding it everyday.
;;0.7003;;ahead of the meeting, india had pushed its case with a number of countries, with prime minister narendramodi leading the charge and also meeting chinese president xi jinping in tashkent urging him to take a decision on indias membership on merit while seeking beijings support.
;;-0.4767;;terming the developments at the nsg meet in seoul as an embarrassment to india, congress too had hit out at prime minister narendramodi , saying he needs to realise that diplomacy needs depth and seriousness and not public tamasha.
;;0.5719;;following prime minister narendramodi modis vision of a digital india, the party seems to have adopted technology and claims to have been trending nationally with hastags such as #kejricheatsdelhi and #hawabaazkejriwal.
;;-0.2023;;on zakir naikhe also rebutted malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamads claim that prime minister narendramodi did not request the extradition of controversial islamic preacher zakir naik when the two leaders met earlier this month.
;;0.0;;b'journalist bobby naqvi with prime minister narendramodi (photo source: facebook/bobby naqvi) journalist bobby naqvi with prime minister narendramodi (photo source: facebook/bobby naqvi)in the backdrop of the heavily-publicised interview of prime minister narendramodi by times now editor-in-chief arnab goswami, a uae-based journalist has posted on facebook an account of his experience interviewing the indian head of state.
;;0.5574;;therefore, delhi attempts to play the tibet card against beijing, it said, adding that unlike his predecessors, indias prime minister narendramodi seems to have taken a different stance on the dalai issue, raising public engagements with the monk and challenging beijings bottom line, it said.
;;-0.296;;finance minister mungantiwar, who also hails from chandrapur, said, when prime minister narendramodi has said such people must be acted against, there is no question of sparing anyone.
;;0.296;;this development comes in the wake of kejriwal creating a furore over prime minister narendramodi modis degrees following which, a website named thelotpot.com reportedly made big revelations regarding his iit-kharagpur background.
;;-0.34;;advertisingfollowing the allegations posted on twitter by ramani in october 2018, akbar had to resign from his position in prime minister narendramodi modis government.
;;0.6816;;pitching prime minister narendramodi modis make in india campaign in the united states, dilip shanghvi, the promoter of sun pharmaceutical industries, on june 8 vowed not just to promote the campaign but will innovate in india.
;;0.4215;;he said prime minister narendramodi recognised the trustworthiness of radio soon after coming to power in 2014.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi during a video conference with afghanistan president ashraf ghani from new delhi.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi during a video conference with afghanistan president ashraf ghani from new delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on august 22 said the 1.
;;0.4588;;the wuhan meeting in late april between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping may have tempered the dispute, but indias nuclear arsenal has not tilted the balance of usable power in new delhis favour.
;;-0.8807;;mohaniya was arrested amidst high drama when he was addressing a press conference, triggering an angry reaction from chief minister arvind kejriwal who accused prime minister narendramodi of declaring an emergency in delhi.
;;0.2732;;however, much-anticipated pact pertaining to the usd 75 billion investment fund, committed by the uae, was not among the fourteen pacts which were signed after the talks between prime minister narendramodi and crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohamed bin zayed al nahyan.
;;-0.5423;;those who have lost their relevance and mandate among people of this country are now doing all they can to stop prime minister narendramodi modis development agenda.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan before a meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan before a meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on monday.
;;-0.296;;(source: pti photo)in a joint statement by prime minister narendramodi and turkey president recep tayyip erdogan at the hyderabad house, both the leaders agreed to strengthen cooperation in combating terrorism.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan after a meeting giving a hug to each other at hyderabad house in new delhi on monay.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan after a meeting giving a hug to each other at hyderabad house in new delhi on monay.
;;0.3612;;(ap)as afghanistan get ready to face india in their historic first ever test match on thursday, prime minister narendramodi on twitter congratulated the people of the nation.
;;0.0258;;union finance minister arun jaitley (file photo) union finance minister arun jaitley (file photo)finance minister arun jaitley was today subjected to intense grilling for his rs 10 crore civil defamation suit against chief minister arvind kejriwal in the delhi high court in which prime minister narendramodi modis name was sought to be dragged by noted lawyer ram jethmalani.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and us president barack obama during a bilateral meeting at 28th and 29th asean summit in vientiane, laos.
;;0.0;;pti photo by vijay verma prime minister narendramodi and us president barack obama during a bilateral meeting at 28th and 29th asean summit in vientiane, laos.
;;0.1397;;pti photo by vijay vermawhen india and the us cooperate, they can do incredibly important things not only for themselves but for the entire world, the white house has said nearly a week after american president barack obama and prime minister narendramodi met in laos.
;;0.3612;;referring to prime minister narendramodi modis leadership in the scheme of things, mufti said its an asset and that hes a very down-to-earth person.
;;-0.5267;;(representational image)indian meat traders plan to take the government to court over new rules banning the trading of cattle including buffalo for slaughter, calling it a move by prime minister narendramodi modis administration to hurt the business run mainly by muslims.
;;-0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi wanted to throw a challenge to indians to see if a solution could be suggested by users who complain about train toilets being dirty and stinky.
;;0.743;;twitter.com/4wvwxuapqr  narendramodi (@narendramodi) august 27, 2019sports minister kiren rijiju, who also accompanied her and coach pullela gopichand when they met modi, presented a rs 10 lakh cheque to sindhu for her historic triumph at the world championships in basel, switzerland.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in his address to the nation on november 8 had said, there may be some who for some reason, are not able to deposit their old rs 500 or rs 1,000 rupee notes by december 30, 2016.
;;-0.1027;;kejriwal, who returned from punjab on monday, said lt governor najeeb jung and prime minister narendramodi should be questioned over the issue as powers rested with them.
;;-0.5346;;the banners and posters that were put up at different locations at the meeting venue had photographs of prime minster narendramodi , shah, rupani, vaghani and local party leaders, but anandiben, who resigned as cm last month, was missing from all of them.
;;0.0;;noting the achievements of the narendramodi government at the centre, the bjp president said: in the two and a half-year rule, the modi government has achieved many goals, and there is not a single case of corruption against the central government.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi will qingdao in china for the shanghai cooperation organisation summit on june 9-10, bambawale has confirmed.
;;0.0;;(express photo by praveen jain/file) prime minister narendramodi will qingdao in china for the shanghai cooperation organisation summit on june 9-10, bambawale has confirmed.
;;0.2023;;in a significant step that is being seen as an attempt to mend fences with beijing, prime minister narendramodi will visit qingdao in china for the shanghai cooperation organisation summit on june 9-10, bambawale has confirmed.
;;0.34;;it said the development was pursuant to the announcement made by prime minister narendramodi at the nuclear security summit last year.
;;0.0258;;expressprime minister narendramodi on monday broke his security protocol and stopped his convoy mid-way to meet a six -year-old girl, daughter of a diamond polisher, who ran to the centre of the road to meet modi dada.
;;0.4404;;prakash gondaliya said, my daughter studies in grade 1 and she is fond of narendramodi and calls him modi dada (grandfather).
;;0.1326;;as prime minister narendramodi looked on, prasad did not hide the governments reservation on the apex courts move to overturn a new law on appointment of judges.
;;0.4767;;the approval for the deal comes ahead of a possible visit of prime minister narendramodi to israel later this year.
;;0.6369;;a meeting of the cabinet committee on security, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , on wednesday approved the missile deal, sources said.
;;0.0;;ptiprime minister narendramodi today unveiled the trophy for brics u-17 football tournament, scheduled to be held in goa from october 5 to 15.
;;0.0;;the commemoration will conclude with a mega event, to be attended by prime minister narendramodi on november 12.
;;-0.1027;;mufti appealed to prime minister narendramodi for initiating talks with all stakeholders for a lasting solution to the kashmir problem.
;;-0.1027;;(source: pti photo) mufti appealed to prime minister narendramodi for initiating talks with all stakeholders for a lasting solution to the kashmir problem.
;;-0.1027;;mufti appealed to prime minister narendramodi for initiating talks with all stakeholders for a lasting solution to the kashmir problem.
;;0.7845;;b'pm narendramodi flagging off the mahamana express train from varanasi (twitter/pib) pm narendramodi flagging off the mahamana express train from varanasi (twitter/pib)pointing out that those with physical disabilities may have extraordinary capabilities, prime minister narendramodi expressed his governments resolve to ensure dignity and empowerment of the differently-abled.
;;0.0;;when asked if the lok sabha polls will be a contest between gujarat cm narendramodi and rahul gandhi for prime ministers post,he dismissed the query.
;;-0.0772;;(source: express photo by rana simranjit singh)the congress party attacked policies followed by punjab chief minister parkash singh badal and prime minister narendramodi at the partys conference at baba bakala.
;;-0.4767;;charter of demandspro-kannada organisations have called for a karnataka bandh to press for their charter of demands, which include farm loan waiver, prime minister narendramodi modis intervention in the mahadayi river water dispute and a permanent solution to the problem of water scarcity in arid areas.
;;0.1027;;referring to prime minister narendramodi modis flagship schemes, swaraj said india got technical expertise and investment from countries across the world, which brought in over rs 14 lakh crore between may 2014 and february 2018.
;;0.3818;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday paid a visit to delhis research and referral hospital where lance naik hanamanthappa, who was miraculously found alive after remaining buried in snow for six days, is recuperating.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with chinese president xi jinping at the west lake state guest house ahead of g20 summit in hangzhou, zhejiang province, china, september 4, 2016.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters/wang zhao/pool) prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with chinese president xi jinping at the west lake state guest house ahead of g20 summit in hangzhou, zhejiang province, china, september 4, 2016.
;;0.0;;b'tashkent : prime minister narendramodi , russian president putin, chinese president xi jinping and other leaders at a photo session ahead of the sco summit in tashkent on friday.
;;0.0;;pti photo tashkent : prime minister narendramodi , russian president putin, chinese president xi jinping and other leaders at a photo session ahead of the sco summit in tashkent on friday.
;;0.0;;speaking at the annual two-day summit, prime minister narendramodi highlighted indias historical linkages with the region to drive home the point that the countrys membership to the sco would stretch the regions boundaries from the pacific to europe; and from the arctic to the indian ocean.
;;0.0;;the election results gave prime minister narendramodi an unprecedented mandate.
;;-0.5994;;reddy also criticised prime minister narendramodi for allegedly distorting facts about the hindu code bill recently.
;;-0.128;;amid rising indo-pak tension, bjp leader and rajya sabha mp subramanian swamy has urged prime minister narendramodi to ban import of cement from pakistan in the interest of domestic industry and national security.
;;0.8481;;chief minister rupani took on the issue of trust and said it was the governments responsibility to ensure an environment of trust, and that it would do everything to follow prime minister narendramodi modis directive of sauno saath, sauno vikas and sauno vishwas.
;;0.0;;modi factor will not work in upanswering a question about the likely influence of gujarat chief minister narendramodi in the coming lok sabha elections,mayawati said the modi factor has never worked in up and will not work in future.
;;0.0;;a panel headed by prime minister narendramodi selected dattu for the post.
;;0.1027;;ahead of the formal opening, prime minister narendramodi held bilateral talks with us president donald trump during which the two leaders discussed a host of key issues including trade, defence and 5g communications networks, among other things.
;;-0.3612;;(reuters photo)prime minister narendramodi at g-20 summit in japan live updates:with an eye on indias g-20 presidency in 2022, the countrys negotiators are looking at the issue of corruption and fugitive economic offenders, which is going to be the focus area of this editions summit.
;;0.4019;;b'renowned painter partha das gives final touch to a potrait of prime minister narendramodi on the eve of modis birthday at bjp state party office in kolkata on friday.
;;0.4019;;(source: pti photo) renowned painter partha das gives final touch to a potrait of prime minister narendramodi on the eve of modis birthday at bjp state party office in kolkata on friday.
;;0.5267;;development and building of confidence are the key to address the problem of kashmir, prime minister narendramodi said tonight while hoping that the youth of the valley wont get misled.
;;0.1531;;while the bjp put up a poster of the pakistan-based jamaat-ud-dawa chief hafeez saeed and rahul gandhi, accusing the congress vice-president of speaking the language of pakistan, the congress responded with a parallel poster of prime minister narendramodi featured with afzal guru, hafiz saeed and peoples democratic party (pdp) leader mehbooba mufti, questioning the pms patriotic credentials.
;;0.3182;;gandhi had also taken a swipe at prime minister narendramodi over the delay in appointment of judges to the supreme court.
;;-0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi condemned the attack calling it cowardly and deplorable.
;;0.765;;chief justice of india tirath singh thakur on april 24, while speaking at the annual chief ministers and chief justices conference in new delhi, made an emotional appeal to the prime minister narendramodi to clear appointment of high court judges as recommendation of 169 judges is still pending with the centre.
;;0.0;;(twitter/bjp) narendramodi in kashmir highlights: pm dedicates kishanganga hydroelectric power project to the nation at skicc, srinagar.
;;0.0;;(twitter/bjp)prime minister narendramodi on saturday inaugurated the 330-mw kishanganga hydroelectric power project and laid foundation stone for the semi-ring road project, in srinagar.
;;-0.34;;this is for the first time that i see that the minutes of the highest decision-making body of the university had been shamelessly forged and circulated, banerjee wrote in a letter to prime minister narendramodi on may 10.
;;0.5267;;keeping up its diatribe against bjp, sena taunted prime minister narendramodi over his rain coat jibe against former prime minister manmohan singh and heaped praises on congress for leading the country in the path of development after independence.
;;0.6808;;(source: ap)the us on sunday welcomed indias ratification of the paris climate agreement with president barack obama saying that by joining the pact prime minister narendramodi and the indian people have carried on mahatma gandhis legacy.
;;0.0;;hours before leaving for varanasi to take on bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , kejriwal said the bjp would do anything to come to power.
;;0.3612;;when the pac met on january 13, bjp members objected to thomass remarks when the pac met on january 13, bjp members objected to thomass remarksdays after public accounts committee (pac) chairman k v thomas said the panel has the power to summon prime minister narendramodi , a bjp member wrote to lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan on wednesday, accusing thomas of breach of privilege and lowering the dignity of the committee for ulterior political motives.
;;0.4019;;i wish to bring to your attention the unilateral announcement by pac chairman k v thomas seeking to summon prime minister narendramodi to appear before it.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at the red fort on the 70th independence day in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(express photo by renuka puri) prime minister narendramodi at the red fort on the 70th independence day in new delhi.
;;-0.6249;;(express photo by renuka puri)prime minister narendramodi was not the first to raise concern over the situation in balochistan, congress said on tuesday, insisting that the party-led upa government had consistently spoken about the spiralling violence and heavy pakistani military action.
;;0.0;;watch videohis statement came a day after the congress appeared to be speaking in different voices on the issue and the aicc even distancing itself from the remarks of senior leader salman khurshid on prime minister narendramodi modis reference to balochistan in his independence day address.
;;-0.8225;;(express photo by ravi kanojia)delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal on wednesday said that it is sad to know that prime minister narendramodi was getting hyderabad university student rohith vemulas caste probed rather than his suicide.
;;0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi and chancellor angela merkel have promised precisely that  that they will deepen their political, economic and security cooperation on the basis of shared values and offer responsible leadership on regional and global problems, ranging from maritime order to climate change.
;;-0.0258;;b'of the 144 schemes construed during the last three fys, only 8-10 per cent fructified within the stipulated time period, the report stated (representational) of the 144 schemes construed during the last three fys, only 8-10 per cent fructified within the stipulated time period, the report stated (representational)a report on the defence procurement process submitted on the directions of prime minister narendramodi has noted that the make in india initiative has failed to demonstrate its true potential due to procedural delays.
;;-0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said efficient governance can lessen the burden of judiciary and his government is in the process of cleaning the system.
;;-0.0258;;(source: ani photo) prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said efficient governance can lessen the burden of judiciary and his government is in the process of cleaning the system.
;;-0.0258;;(source: ani photo)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said efficient governance can lessen the burden of judiciary and his government is in the process of cleaning the system.
;;-0.34;;the 29-second commercial begins with a photograph of prime minister narendramodi and has a map of pakistan, which includes disputed pakistan-occupied kashmir as its territory.
;;-0.8591;;(representational image)union minister rajiv pratap rudy on wednesday charged the cpi(m) led ldf government with failing to book all those involved in killing of an rss worker here and said this would be brought to prime minister narendramodi modis notice.
;;0.0;;this will be brought to the notice of prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh, rudy told reporters at kannur.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with vietnam president tran dai quang at hyderabad house in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(express photo by amit mehra) prime minister narendramodi with vietnam president tran dai quang at hyderabad house in new delhi.
;;0.0;;this was decided after the bilateral meeting between prime minister narendramodi and the visiting vietnamese president tran dai quang on saturday.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi addressing at the gyan sangam, a two-day retreat function of the chiefs of financial institutions, in pune on saturday.
;;0.4767;;(source: pti photo)the delhi bjp is lobbying hard for securing full statehood for the national capital  which it promised in its manifesto during the last assembly elections  ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis rally at ramlila maidan on january 10.
;;0.5106;;during the launch, sonowal expressed his gratitude to prime minister narendramodi for selecting kamakhya temple as one of the 10 iconic places in phase one of the clean-up initiative of 100 iconic places under the swachh bharat mission.
;;0.0;;b'the prime minister, shri narendramodi at the niser, in bhubaneswar on february 07, 2016.
;;0.0;;the prime minister, shri narendramodi at the niser, in bhubaneswar on february 07, 2016.
;;-0.0516;;naidu said he also wrote to prime minister narendramodi regarding the grant of special status to andhra but to no avail.
;;-0.0516;;a metropolitan court on thursday reserved its order on the issue of filing protest application against the closure report filed by the supreme court-appointed special investigation team (sit) in connection with zakia jafris complaint alleging chief minister narendramodi and other in the post-godhra riots in 2002.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;0.4767;;faced with a setback to his ambitious pakistan policy, prime minister narendramodi may be ruefully contemplating her words.
;;0.0;;b'(former pm) manmohan singh has advised narendramodi to speak more often and to speak on time.
;;0.0;;(former pm) manmohan singh has advised narendramodi to speak more often and to speak on time.
;;0.0;;the shiv sena on friday denounced prime minister narendramodi for speaking about domestic issues on foreign soil and said he is coming back empty-handed from the uk which has given shelter to fugitive businessman vijay mallya.
;;-0.5267;;read | manmohan singh on kathua, unnao rape cases: pm narendramodi should follow own advice to me, speak more oftenthe advice given by manmohan singh is only fair.
;;0.6486;;sharing a tweet by prime minister narendramodi on labour rights, the cm added, i agree sir.
;;0.6124;;nawaz sharifs daughter is an influential voice in the ruling pakistan muslim league (n)  it was for her daughters wedding that prime minister narendramodi paid a surprise visit to the family home in raiwind, outside lahore, last december.
;;0.0;;for the time being, at least, the narendramodi government seems to have decided to give in to the restraint sought by the international community  even though it reserves the right to take action at a time of its own choosing.
;;0.6705;;as the vikram lander of the chandrayaan-2 failed to make a smooth soft-landing, shattering a billion dreams, prime minister narendramodi , in a bid to boost the morale of the sagging isro team, asked the scientists to be courageous and said ups and downs were a part of life.
;;0.0;;on friday evening, pm narendramodi arrived at the yelahanka airbase on friday night to witness from the planned landing of chandrayaan-2s vikram module on the lunar surface in the early hours of saturday.
;;0.6808;;the home minister also thanked lg for its support to prime minister narendramodi modis make in india initiative.
;;-0.3612;;(pti photo)headlining celebrations of the bjps fourth year in power at the centre, prime minister narendramodi on saturday listed his governments achievements and sought to link vote bank politics as the principal obstacle to development.
;;0.0;;anyone can guess what narendramodi modis elevation means.
;;0.0;;b'supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei, right, speaks with prime minister narendramodi during their meeting in tehran, iran.
;;0.802;;(photo: office of the iranian supreme leader via ap) supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei, right, speaks with prime minister narendramodi during their meeting in tehran, iran.
;;0.8316;;(photo: office of the iranian supreme leader via ap)a ministerial task force to implement the development of chabahar port, a commitment to conclude a preferential trade agreement, bilateral investment treaty and double taxation avoidance pact in a year, a new energy dialogue, offices of trade chambers in each others countries  these were some of the key takeaways after prime minister narendramodi met irans president hassan rouhani on monday.
;;-0.5574;;three weeks after lauding prime minister narendramodi for the abrogation of article 370, shiv sena mp sanjay raut on sunday said the scrapping of the same and surgical strikes were not the answer to rising unemployment and earning basic livelihood.
;;0.1531;;b'cricketer irfan pathan today called on gujarat chief minister narendramodi to invite him to his brother and fellow india player yusuf pathans wedding.
;;0.0;;there is a possibility of a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and pakistan pm nawaz sharif on june 4 to 6 in kazakhstan, where both will attend the shanghai cooperation organisation.
;;0.0;;the government will start 75 new medical colleges in the country, announced information and broadcasting minister prakash javadekar after a meeting of the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi expressed grief over bhatts demise.
;;-0.802;;prime minister narendramodi blamed for cauvery violence.
;;-0.802;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi blamed for cauvery violence.
;;-0.5267;;pti photoasserting that karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah has written several letters to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention in the cauvery water dispute, brijesh kalappa, legal advisor to the state government said the latter has no time for domestic issues as he is out of the country on most occasions.
;;-0.5423;;on sunday, prime minister narendramodi had called terrorism as pakistans favourite child at the brics-bimstec outreach summit.
;;0.296;;new zealand is committed to working with nsg members to reach a decision as soon as possible, a joint statement by prime minister narendramodi and his kiwi counterpart john key said after the latters visit to new delhi in october last year.
;;0.0;;slamming chief minister narendramodi for making comments on foreign policy,external affairs minister salman khurshid sunday said modi should not comment on issues about which he has little knowledge.
;;-0.9517;;b'the congress on monday insisted that prime minister narendramodi make a statement in parliament on the steps being taken to bring the accused in banking fraud cases back to india (ap photo/file) the congress on monday insisted that prime minister narendramodi make a statement in parliament on the steps being taken to bring the accused in banking fraud cases back to india (ap photo/file)the congress on monday insisted that prime minister narendramodi make a statement in parliament on the steps being taken to bring the accused in banking fraud cases back to india.
;;0.1027;;vivek guptaa 1994 batch ias officer of haryana cadre, anurag agarwal, 47, is set to become the citys new home secretary as the appointment committee of the cabinet headed by prime minister narendramodi cleared his name on tuesday.
;;0.8555;;prime minister narendramodi delivers the keynote address at shangri-la dialogue in singapore on friday (twitter/meaindia) prime minister narendramodi delivers the keynote address at shangri-la dialogue in singapore on friday (twitter/meaindia)trade between india and china is growing and the two countries have shown maturity and wisdom in managing issues and ensuring a peaceful border, prime minister narendramodi said in singapore on friday.
;;0.6124;;watch video: pm modi was greeted with a bollywood song on his visit to indonesiaprime minister narendramodi delivers a keynote address at the opening dinner of the 17th iiss shangri-la dialogue, an annual defense and security forum in asia, in singapore, friday, june 1, 2018.
;;0.4404;;(ap/pti) prime minister narendramodi delivers a keynote address at the opening dinner of the 17th iiss shangri-la dialogue, an annual defense and security forum in asia, in singapore, friday, june 1, 2018.
;;0.1779;;a day after the supreme court verdict in the 2002 gulberg society case, which also gave clean chit from conspiracy charge to senior bjp leaders, including then gujarat chief minister narendramodi , senior congress leader and aicc general secretary digvijaya singh said the judgement was a result of the prosecution and defence being on the same side.
;;0.8591;;the setting up of the task force was announced by prime minister narendramodi just days after the end of the rio olympics, where india won just two medals, in order to help plan for the effective participation of indian sportspersons in the next three olympics  in 2020, 2024 and 2028.
;;0.743;;i consider todays agreement of the reciprocal logistics support between our armies as a golden step in the history of our close defence cooperation, prime minister narendramodi said, after bilateral talks with visiting french president emmanuel macron.
;;0.3818;;a day after french president emmanuel macron said india and pakistan should resolve the kashmir issue bilaterally, prime minister narendramodi said on friday that it took the country 70 years to remove the word temporary.
;;0.0;;the issue was raised during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to dhaka last year.
;;0.0;;b'switzerlands ambassador linus von castelmur today met gujarat chief minister narendramodi and explored possibilities of mutual cooperation in diverse sectors between his country and the state.
;;0.6597;;that new normal is this: the bjp under the historic leadership of prime minister narendramodi and the organisational master class of amit shah has established itself as the pre-eminent political party of india  the party that caters to the aspirations of every section of indians.
;;0.2732;;trivedi, though, pointed out that singh after prime minister narendramodi and shah had campaigned most in assam and bihar polls as well.
;;0.25;;on a day when india and russia signed 15 mous across a range of sectors, from space to deep-sea exploration, prime minister narendramodi made a veiled reference in vladivostok to j&k and pakistan  and said that india and russia are against outside influence in internal matters of any nation.
;;-0.743;;jha, who blamed the chief minister of not being consistent between his words and deeds, said he is living in the mortal fear of prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;-0.802;;ever since kumar betrayed the mandate of 2015 assembly polls, ditched the rjd-congress combine and joined the nda, he has been living in mortal fear of prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, jha alleged.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi on international yoga day.
;;0.0;;(source: pti/file) prime minister narendramodi on international yoga day.
;;-0.4767;;the song also has a line from prime minister narendramodi modis speech on working for the poor.
;;0.5267;;at the bjps two-day national executive in bhubaneswar, prime minister narendramodi spoke of the need for social justice to encompass backward muslims.
;;0.128;;under the guidance of prime minister narendramodi , who has launched beti bachao beti padhao campaign, the mhrd has announced that girls and physically handicapped students will be given additional time to complete phd.
;;0.0;;gssma will hold a dharna in gandhinagar in mid-april and call on chief minister narendramodi too.
;;0.0;;to this effect, rahul had also written a letter to prime minister narendramodi asking for centres assistance in tackling the flood situation.
;;0.0;;officials on monday said the state-run bsnl is likely to start the wi-fi service at the airport by the end of march, more than a year after prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the new terminal in 2015.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi (r) with union ministers prime minister narendramodi (r) with union ministers arun jaitley (c) and ravi shankar prasad at parliament house in new delhi (express photo/praveen jain/file)subsequently, prasad said the government had asked the department of legal affairs to consider the desirability of filing a review and added that appropriate action would be taken once the ministry gave its view.
;;0.25;;prior to that, president pranab mukherjee along with prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh and several other dignitaries reached palam airport in delhi to receive kalams body after it was flown in from shillong.
;;0.5574;;the launch of the programme in india comes within a week of the joint statement made by sheikh mohamed bin zayed al nahyan, crown prince of abu dhabi and deputy supreme commander of the uae armed forces, and prime minister narendramodi to develop a medium and long term strategy for increasing bilateral trade by 60 per cent over the next five years.
;;0.7906;;prime minister narendramodi and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, ably supported by mumbai president ashish shelar, have demonstrated that the bjp is the true representative of good governance, transparency and development, he told pti.
;;0.8316;;prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo)prime minister narendramodi will honour bureaucrats for excellence in public administration on the occasion of civil services day in new delhi on friday.
;;0.9022;;union home minister rajnath singh after inaugurating the 11th civil services day celebrations, in his address on friday said, prime minister narendramodi modis vision is focused on development and good governance and with the help of technology civil servants can improve service delivery mechanism.
;;0.4019;;(express photo/file)bjp will hold its two-day national executive meeting in the odisha capital from april 15, to be attended by prime minister narendramodi , party national president amit shah, senior leader l k advani and others.
;;0.128;;former chief minister and bjp veteran keshubhai patel,who has been speaking out against chief minister narendramodi at public events,has launched his own blog.
;;-0.7964;;banerjee also expressed her doubt over bjps massive mandate in the just-concluded uttar pradesh polls, saying there is something fishy about it and felt the bsp should move court and challenge the functioning of evms.interestingly, banerjee criticised the bjp but stopped short of making any personal attack on prime minister narendramodi , whom she had repeatedly targeted post demonetisation, saying, i will not say anything personal about the prime minister.
;;0.34;;(source: ap)after the shiromani gurdwara parbandhak committee (sgpc) wrote to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention in safeguarding the interests of sikhs in kashmir, dal khalsa, a hardliner sikh organisation, has claimed that the sgpc was exaggerating.
;;0.0;;for the last three years, since narendramodi became pm, the sangh has received around 7,000 applications a month.
;;-0.25;;b'in chief minister narendramodi modi- ruled gujarat there is a lack of proper health infrastructure to contain number of deaths due to swine flu,which has claimed over 150 lives across the state during this season,according to the india representative of global hygiene council.
;;0.8074;;party chief captain amarinder singh  hoping to return as chief minister  has kicked-off a series of meetings titled coffee with captain  perhaps taking off from prime minister narendramodi modis popular chai pe charcha sessions.
;;-0.2263;;now, prime minister narendramodi has taken an initiative to revive the project to eradicate poverty and backwardness of the common people there, she said.
;;-0.6908;;senior congress mla punja vansh mentioned the murder took place when narendramodi was the chief minister, to make his point about the law and order situation.
;;-0.6908;;(representational image) senior congress mla punja vansh mentioned the murder took place when narendramodi was the chief minister, to make his point about the law and order situation.
;;-0.4939;;speaking on the motion to thank the governor for his address, senior congress mla punja vansh mentioned the murder  which took place when narendramodi was the chief minister  to make his point about the law and order situation.
;;-0.0516;;he accused sharif of damaging the foreign policy by giving his indian counterpart narendramodi a certificate of friendship.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will not attend the unga session for the first time in three years.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will take part in the event.
;;0.5719;;around 20 students of panjab university (pu) celebrated gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis birthday in the presence of senior bjp leaders,including former mp and bjp leader satya pal jain and bjp councillor divesh moudgil,at the student centre on tuesday.
;;0.4588;;when the new government took charge in 2014, prime minister narendramodi took personal interest in revamping indias foreign policy.
;;0.296;;b'the bjp in gujarat is attempting to get the newly appointed vice-chancellor of darul uloom deoband maulana gulam mohammed vastnavi to share stage with chief minister narendramodi and be felicitated by him at the state-level republic day celebrations in surat.
;;0.6369;;b'prime minister narendramodi has spoken of his love for the river ganga on more than one occasion.
;;0.6597;;while chief minister narendramodi is fasting on a sadbhavna mission for unity,harmony and goodwill for all,one of his younger brothers,prahlad modi,has other pressing concerns - he wishes that the cm consid\ers the issues of fair price shop owners and grant them the status of government employees.
;;0.0;;the eldest brother somabhai runs an old-age home in their native vadnagar; the second among them is amrut,living in ghatlodia area of ahmedabad,and narendramodi is the third.
;;0.1779;;he said that prime minister narendramodi modis decision to create a separate ministry for jal shakti means that by 2024, india should have a success story on facing the water crisis.
;;-0.7003;;avdesh dubey, the hawker, was arrested came days after a video of him mimicking and mocking politicians, including prime minister narendramodi and congress leaders sonia and rahul gandhi, went viral on social media.
;;0.0;;to mark prime minister narendramodi modis 69th birthday, a man donated a gold crown weighing 1.
;;0.296;;despite chief minister narendramodi modis much-hyped efforts of improving the states human development index (hdi),the report  health statistics gujarat 2009-10  shows that states like west bengal,tamil nadu,kerala and maharashtra are ahead in spending on health services in proportion to the gross domestic product (gdp).
;;0.7884;;analysing the poll outcome, fadnavis said the bjp did not win the elections because of some vote division, but due to the peoples trust in prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah.
;;0.0;;during the first ground-breaking ceremony held in july last year, singh had accompanied prime minister narendramodi , who was the chief guest.
;;0.7783;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) july 30, 2019triple talaq bill a victory of gender justice, says pm modicalling it a historical step, prime minister narendramodi said passage of the triple talaq bill was a victory of gender justice and would further equality in society.
;;0.0;;i am a minister of the narendramodi government and not rajiv gandhi government.
;;0.4404;;the two world leaders discussed the issue of religious extremism at length during their meeting the two world leaders discussed the issue of religious extremism at length during their meetingprime minister narendramodi discussed the challenges posed by extremism with us president barack obama and the two leaders underlined the need to ensure the participation of civil society and minority communities to address the issue, officials said.
;;-0.5267;;in a related development, a bipartisan group of 18 house members  led by representatives trent franks and betty mccollum wrote to the house speaker paul ryan urging him to prioritize religious freedom in india during his meeting with prime minister narendramodi , especially in light of ongoing violence and harassment against religious minorities, including muslims, christians, buddhists, and sikhs.
;;0.0;;aap mp bhagwat mann (file photo) aap mp bhagwat mann (file photo)aap mp bhagwant mann has written to lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan asking her to expunge derogatory remarks made against him by prime minister narendramodi during his speech in the house on tuesday.
;;0.7906;;(source: express photo by dasarath deka/file)setting the goal to achieve social justice in india, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said the nation already has the manpower, skill, and resources, all it needs is to work on a mission mode to bring about the positive change.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with russia president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/ @narendramodi) prime minister narendramodi with russia president vladimir putin.
;;0.5106;;(source: twitter/ @narendramodi)following the india-russia summit in st petersburg, prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin issued a joint statement on thursday where they spoke about 70 years of strong ties between the two countries.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with co-chairman of the bill & melinda gates foundation, bill gates during a meeting in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(pti file photo) prime minister narendramodi with co-chairman of the bill & melinda gates foundation, bill gates during a meeting in new delhi.
;;0.6369;;apon the day his government completed three years in power, prime minister narendramodi on friday identified the northeast region as the new engine for indias growth and announced the launch of a rs 6,000-crore scheme, sampada, to promote the agro and food processing industry.
;;0.4939;;advertisingsindhu, who beat japans nozomi okuhara in the finals of the world championships, met prime minister narendramodi in delhi on tuesday.
;;0.4215;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee, on sunday, took to twitter and extended their greetings to everyone on the occasion of easter.
;;0.0;;the coins bear engravings of the image of chief minster narendramodi on the obverse and mahatma gandhi and sardar vallabhbhai patel on the reverse.
;;0.34;;at the cost of sounding partisan, those who watch these films will easily understand what prime minister narendramodi meant when he said vikas is the only answer.
;;0.7184;;days after he submitted an affidavit in the supreme court to say gujarat chief minister narendramodi wanted muslims taught a lesson for the burning of kar sevaks at godhra in 2002,ips officer sanjiv bhatts security detail was withdrawn on the orders of the state director general of police.
;;0.2023;;to another question, the chief minister said he would not be able to meet prime minister narendramodi , who held a roadshow here this evening after reaching the city to attend the bjp national executive here.
;;-0.296;;former state minister shivajirao moghe of the congress will lead a day-long protest of over 200 vidarbha farmers at jantar mantar in new delhi on may 18 to remind prime minister narendramodi of the unfulfilled promises he had made during chai pe charcha at dabhadi in yavatmal district before the 2014 elections.
;;0.765;;the cave at the kedarnath shrine where prime minister narendramodi meditated last month has seen an unprecedented boost in popularity, with large number of devotees logging into the gmvn website daily to book the facility online.
;;-0.2023;;jethava has written to chief minister narendramodi and the jail authorities about this and demanded a probe into the matter.
;;0.8689;;b'prime minister narendramodi addressing the plenary session of sco summit in qingdao in eastern chinas shandong province (source: twitter/pmo) prime minister narendramodi addressing the plenary session of sco summit in qingdao in eastern chinas shandong province (source: twitter/pmo)stressing on strengthening regional connectivity within the neighbourhood and in the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) region, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that india was committed to extend full cooperation to a successful outcome of the summit.
;;0.0;;from left: indian prime minister narendramodi , kyrgyz president sooronbay jeenbekov, tajikistan president imomali rakhmon, russian president vladimir putin, chinese president xi jinping, kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev, uzbekistans president shavkat mirziyoyev and pakistani president mamnoon hussain pose for a photo prior to their talks at the shanghai cooperation organization (sco) summit in qingdao in eastern chinas shandong province sunday, june 10, 2018.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/alexander zemlianichenko) from left: indian prime minister narendramodi , kyrgyz president sooronbay jeenbekov, tajikistan president imomali rakhmon, russian president vladimir putin, chinese president xi jinping, kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev, uzbekistans president shavkat mirziyoyev and pakistani president mamnoon hussain pose for a photo prior to their talks at the shanghai cooperation organization (sco) summit in qingdao in eastern chinas shandong province sunday, june 10, 2018.
;;-0.0772;;as she rushes through three public meetings a day, banerjee continues to highlight her governments pro-people initiatives and target prime minister narendramodi over demonetisation, farmer suicides and job losses.
;;0.7506;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday made a fresh pitch for holding lok sabha and assembly polls together, saying the concept of one nation, one election is imperative to make the country great.
;;-0.296;;the gfp leader was reacting to statements made on the contentious river issue by prime minister narendramodi and the goa congress chief girish chodankar.
;;-0.7269;;bhatt has been arrested for having allegedly forced a police constable  kd panth  to sign an affidavit which corroborates the formers claim that he attended a meeting called by chief minister narendramodi on february 27,2002 following the godhra train carnage.
;;0.2732;;raju said that the hobnobbing of bhatt with the opposition party congress clearly shows he filed an affidavit containing false contents in the supreme court with a purpose to arraign gujarat chief minister narendramodi in an offence of murder.
;;-0.8402;;the incident sparked nation-wide outrage and prime minister narendramodi termed the attack as cowardly and deplorable.
;;0.7184;;the comments also come against the backdrop of prime minister narendramodi on april 23 urging all chief ministers to take care of students from jammu and kashmir in their respective states, in view of some recent untoward incidents against them.
;;-0.4767;;suspended ias officer pradeep sharma,arrested in cases of land allotment corruption and financial irregularities,has alleged that chief minister narendramodi is trying to keep him behind bars since he knows about the cms personal life.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at janaki mandir in nepals janakpur on friday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo / pib) prime minister narendramodi at janaki mandir in nepals janakpur on friday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo / pib)prime minister narendramodi , who is on a two-day visit to nepal, on friday along with his nepalese counterpart k p sharma oli jointly inaugurated a direct bus service between janakpur and ayodhya, a move that connects lord ramas birthplace ayodhya with goddess sitas birthplace janakpur.
;;0.2023;;nepal at top in indias neighbourhood first policyprime minister narendramodi with nepal prime minister khadga prasad oli, during the inauguration of janakpur-ayodhya direct bus service, in janakpur, nepal on friday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo / pib) prime minister narendramodi with nepal prime minister khadga prasad oli, during the inauguration of janakpur-ayodhya direct bus service, in janakpur, nepal on friday.
;;0.296;;in a major jolt to the ncp, udayanraje bhosale, its satara mp and the 13th direct descendant of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj, is set to join the bjp on saturday in the presence of prime minister narendramodi in delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday paid tributes to venerable dr. babasaheb ambedkar on the occasion of ambedkar jayanti.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/xvc0tntufv  narendramodi (@narendramodi) april 14, 2017ambedkar jayanti, also referred to as bhim jayanti, marks the birth anniversary of dr. br ambedkar, the father of our constitution.
;;0.6597;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi expressed gratitude to the people of delhi in ensuring victory in the polls.
;;0.8271;;addressing the bjp parliamentary party in the absence of prime minister narendramodi , who after paying tributes to the party founders in its office left for jharkhand to attend an event, shah asked mps to obey with smile the top brass directives for events slated for the next few days.
;;0.128;;the congress on sunday dismissed the gujarat governments claims that chief minister narendramodi had launched the sadbhavana fasts on the directives of the centre.
;;-0.3818;;with the delhi university blocking the rti query seeking details on the ba degree by prime minister narendramodi , delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal on june 19 asserted that this development has further deepened the mystery surrounding the degree.
;;0.3182;;key team anna member shanti bhushan on tuesday called gujarat chief minister narendramodi the most communal person and said he was willing to appear for persecuted ips officer sanjiv bhatt in the supreme court if the latter approached him.
;;0.7906;;b'prime minister narendramodi praised isro and the accomplishments of its scientists after the successful 20-satellite launch.
;;0.7906;;prime minister narendramodi praised isro and the accomplishments of its scientists after the successful 20-satellite launch.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi congratulated the indian space research organisation for breaking new barriers with its historic launch of 20 satellites on wednesday.
;;0.2732;;randhawa went on to add that the way prime minister narendramodi is coming in the way of corridor to baba nanaks place, it is certain that aicc president rahul gandhi will be the next prime minister.
;;0.0;;the bjp parliamentary board under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi is empowered to choose the chief minister.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi is our leader and we take pride in mentioning about his achievements.
;;0.0;;in the 2019 lok sabha elections narendramodi was the face of bjp and sena in maharashtra.
;;0.5106;;the fresh round of acrimony between the tdp and the bjp was triggered after prime minister narendramodi granted an audience to ysr congress president and state opposition leader y s jaganmohan reddy early this month.
;;0.5719;;launched on september 23 by prime minister narendramodi , pmjay is a tertiary care programme under which an annual health cover of rs 5 lakh is being given to 10.
;;0.2732;;modi in russia: prime minister narendramodi , right, talks with russian president vladimir putin, during exchange of agreements between the two countries in the beach resort state of goa saturday, oct.
;;0.2732;;(sputnik, kremlin pool photo via ap) modi in russia: prime minister narendramodi , right, talks with russian president vladimir putin, during exchange of agreements between the two countries in the beach resort state of goa saturday, oct.
;;0.0;;(sputnik, kremlin pool photo via ap)prime minister narendramodi , who is on a four-nation tour to europe, arrived in russia from spain on wednesday.
;;0.7506;;on the promotion of yoga by the centre, the patna saheb mp was all praise for prime minister narendramodi , especially his efforts behind the declaration of international yoga day on june 21 by the united nations.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the countrys longest bridge, connecting dhola on the brahmaputras south bank to sadiya on the north.
;;0.3612;;twitter.com/nzw6qskgn0  narendramodi (@narendramodi) april 14, 2018saturday also marks harvest festivals across the country, such as puthandu in tamil nadu, vishu in kerala, poila boishakh in bengal, bohag bihu in assam, maha sishuba sankranti in odisha, and baisakhi in punjab and parts of north india.
;;0.836;;the senior conservative party leader hailed the living bridge of the indian diaspora between india and the uk and pledged that as prime minister, he would look forward to working with prime minister narendramodi on his new agenda, especially on areas such as building climate resilience and improving the ease of doing business.
;;0.4588;;(express file photo by praveen jain)the verbal battle between bjp and congress over data sharing escalated on monday, with congress president rahul gandhi terming prime minister narendramodi the big boss who likes to spy on indians and union minister smriti irani saying that even chhota bheem knows that the commonly asked permissions on apps are not tantamount to snooping.
;;0.4019;;gujarat chief minister and senior bjp leader narendramodi is scheduled to address captains of industry in the city on april nine in a special session.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in wuhan in april.
;;0.0;;(ap/file) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in wuhan in april.
;;0.0;;(ap/file)prime minister narendramodi will hold a bilateral meeting with chinese president xi jinping on saturday on the sidelines of the sco summit.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in qingdao, china, on saturday.
;;0.0;;(twitter/@meaindia) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in qingdao, china, on saturday.
;;-0.3818;;(twitter/@meaindia)india on sunday again said no to chinas belt and road project, while prime minister narendramodi and pakistan president mamnoon hussain merely shook hands on the final day of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in qingdao city.
;;0.4588;;advertisingnaidu said he expressed his interest to prime minister narendramodi that in his second term (after 2019) he wanted to quit the government, follow nanaji deshmukh and go for constructive work (rachanathmak karyakram).
;;0.8555;;on august 12, be ready for a discovery of pm modis adventurous sideprime minister narendramodi is all set to appear on a special episode of popular wildlife show man vs wild with british presenter bear grylls.
;;-0.5106;;(pti photo)after aam aadmi party attacked prime minister narendramodi over president pranab mukherjee rejecting the bill to exclude the post of parliamentary secretary from the office of profit, the bjp on monday branded it accusing and abusing party and asked chief minister arvind kejriwal not to demean the credibility of the president of india.
;;-0.8074;;sitaram yechury, cpi(m), narendramodi , narendramodi remarks, modi comments on earthquake, modi election speech, india news, latest news sitaram yechury, cpi(m), narendramodi , narendramodi remarks, modi comments on earthquake, modi election speech, india news, latest newswith prime minister narendramodi threatening to expose the congress for their corruption-riddled past, communist party of india-marxist (cpi-m) general secretary sitaram yechury on friday called on the former to take action if he actually had evidence and stop with the stream of verbal assault, as it was unbecoming of his post.
;;0.0;;nepal government has also requested indian prime minister narendramodi to visit nepal.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin will be meeting for bilateral talks on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: ap photo/file) pm narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin will be meeting for bilateral talks on saturday.
;;0.4588;;(source: ap photo/file)prime minister narendramodi took to twitter on saturday to welcome russian president vladimir putin who will be meeting modi in goa later in the day for bilateral talks.
;;0.7964;;interestingly, after the bilateral talks between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping on saturday, an agreement was signed between india and china to share hydrological data for brahmaputra.
;;0.7269;;former karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa,who left the bjp and created his own party last december,has welcomed the bjps elevation of gujarat chief minister narendramodi to the position of chairman of the partys election panel and suggested that an earlier decision on these lines could have brought the bjp to power at the centre and more states in the last five years.
;;0.0;;(file)it seems congress president rahul gandhi has found chinks in prime minister narendramodi modis oratorial skills.
;;0.3182;;senior congress leader abhishek singhvi on friday came out in support of party colleague jairam ramesh over the latters remarks that demonising prime minister narendramodi was wrong all the time.
;;0.25;;(source: file photo)cpi(m) general secretary and rajya sabha member sitaram yechury speaks to the indian express about prime minister narendramodi modis speech in parliament, why his party, along with the congress and other opposition parties walked out of rajya sabha after that speech, and why he feels democracy is in danger after parts of his speech made in the house on monday were edited out.
;;-0.4767;;launching a direct attack on prime minister narendramodi and gujarat chief minister anandiben patel, patidar anamat andolan samiti (paas) leader hardik patel on saturday raised several issues concerning the gujarat model which is being widely publicised across the country.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on august 8 defended the scrapping of jammu and kashmirs special status as a historic step to usher in a new era.
;;-0.0516;;it was something even prime minister narendramodi was acutely aware of, for after paying respects to jayalalithaa at her funeral, he immediately veered towards sasikala (no other aiadmk member).
;;0.1779;;while economic development and infrastructural growth is essential, the state would continue to suffer unless new delhi takes a political initiative to resolve the longstanding political issue in consonance with the sentiments of the people, abdullah said here on a day when prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the countrys longest tunnel in the jammu region.
;;0.25;;state congress president arjun modhwadia monday alleged that chief minister narendramodi was not spending central funds to tackle drought-like situation in the state and instead was busy trying to realise his dream.
;;0.6486;;but chief minister narendramodi is not using the money as he wants to save it to fund his publicity campaigns, modhwadia while addressing a press conference in the city.
;;0.7003;;needless to say, it will be someone chosen by prime minister narendramodi with party chief amit shahs stamp of approval.
;;-0.296;;taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi modis pakora analogy over job creation, he said, they know there is a dearth of jobs.
;;0.3102;;b'international monetary fund chief christine lagarde called the incident revolting while appealing to prime minister narendramodi to pay more attention towards security of women.
;;0.3102;;(file) international monetary fund chief christine lagarde called the incident revolting while appealing to prime minister narendramodi to pay more attention towards security of women.
;;-0.8417;;(file)with pressure mounting on the government to take swift action in the kathua rape case, which has led to a national outrage and has seen protests break out across the country, international monetary fund chief christine lagarde on thursday called the incident revolting while appealing to prime minister narendramodi to pay more attention towards security of women.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday congratulated the team of scientists that led the successful launch of the south asian satellite.
;;0.932;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday expressed satisfaction on a successful budget session, which he said had been very meaningful and useful, and advised bjp mps to work like lord hanuman to publicise the governments achievements.
;;0.5574;;expressing happiness over the results of legislative council elections, prime minister narendramodi said: this is an indication of things to come.
;;0.2023;;at the third annual niti aayogs governing council meeting in delhi last month, prime minister narendramodi had recommended that state governments initiate the process of following january-december fiscal instead of april-march.
;;-0.93;;(source: ap photo/file)in an apparent response to prime minister narendramodi modis statement that india and pakistan should battle to eradicate poverty, pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif told a joint session of his countrys parliament that if they want us to fight them to end poverty, then they should realise that poverty cannot be ended by driving tanks on farmlands, the dawn website reported wednesday.
;;-0.7783;;the kerala police have arrested the recently retired principal, a faculty member and four students of a government polytechnic college in kunnamkulam, thrissur, for putting prime minister narendramodi modis photograph in the list of negative faces in the colleges annual magazine.
;;0.0;;the report was released to mark the completion of 2 years of prime minister narendramodi modis five-year swachh bharat mission.
;;0.765;;naidu announced that varanasi, prime minister narendramodi modis constituency, was the rare success story in up, vastly improving its ranking to reach the 32nd spot.
;;-0.7783;;stepping up the poster war, jd(u)s hayaghat mla amarnath gami lauded prime minister narendramodi by putting up two big posters at darbhanga that read kyun karte to abhi se chinta, 2020 me bhi bajega modi ka danka (why worry from now, modi will prevail in 2020 too).
;;0.0;;expressthe national bank for agriculture and rural developments (nabard) 34th foundation day celebrations on july 12 saw a day-long deliberation on prime minister narendramodi modis call for doubling farmers incomes by 2022.
;;0.0;;this was the message prime minister narendramodi gave to the 19 newly inducted ministers of state on tuesday.
;;-0.5413;;continuing her diatribe against the bjp government over demonetisation, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee today called prime minister narendramodi as totally arrogant.
;;0.6908;;(source: pti)bjp president amit shah today congratulated olympic-bound indian hockey contingent on behalf of prime minister narendramodi , and hoped both the mens amd womens squads will bring smiles on the faces of countrymen with their performances in rio de janeiro.
;;0.836;;i congratulate and wish you (both teams) luck on behalf of the entire country and prime minister narendramodi , said shah, who was the chief guest of the gala function organised by hockey india to announce the mens and womens teams for the rio olympics.
;;0.9136;;our opponents were expecting the winning run of (prime minister) narendramodi to come to a halt in delhi, but due to the hard work and passion of the party workers, a massive victory was secured, shah told the partys newly-elected councillors at a vijay parv function at the civic centre in new delhi.
;;0.0;;delhis mandate is the countrys mandate and the people are with narendramodi , he added.
;;0.0258;;over the last three years, our government has worked for farmers, poor and youth, besides making the indian economy one of the fastest growing economies in the world, as narendramodi had promised when he was selected as the partys prime ministerial candidate, he said.
;;0.0;;b'jamnagar: prime minister narendramodi at aji-3 dam site of the project, in jamnagar district, gujarat on tuesday.
;;0.0;;jamnagar: prime minister narendramodi at aji-3 dam site of the project, in jamnagar district, gujarat on tuesday.
;;0.5499;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said that bits-and-pieces work can run election campaigns but not the country and therefore his party has adopted the policy of taking up major projects which will enrich lives of people and bring about revolution.
;;-0.4215;;(express archive)continuing to berate the centre for being unable to contain the soaring unrest in kashmir valley, the congress on sunday asserted that the lack of coherence of any policy in the government was actually worsening the situation in the state, adding that prime minister narendramodi was using words like insaniyat, kashmiriyat and jamuriyat without even knowing their actual meaning.
;;0.3818;;b'prime minister narendramodi announced the credit line at the india-asean summit in kuala lumpur in november 2015, as part of indias act east policy.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi announced the credit line at the india-asean summit in kuala lumpur in november 2015, as part of indias act east policy.
;;0.3818;;nearly 40 months after prime minister narendramodi offered a $1-billion credit line for digital connectivity for 10 asean countries from india, there are few takers.
;;0.5988;;(source: pti)india does not believe in imposing its views on anyone, prime minister narendramodi said today while underlining the countrys rich tapestry of diversity.
;;0.0;;after getting signatures of the legislators, they plan to meet prime minister narendramodi and raise the issue.
;;0.2023;;b'prime minister narendramodi , who has been reaching out to the masses though his radio address mann ki baat, will now get the peoples feedback on his governments policies on jann ki baat.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressing an election rally in mirzapur on friday.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi addressing an election rally in mirzapur on friday.
;;-0.5423;;urges badal to lead delegation to pmpunjab congress president partap singh bajwa on tuesday called upon chief minister parkash singh badal to immediately call an emergency session of the punjab vidhan sabha and lead an all-party delegation to prime minister narendramodi regarding the farmers protests over increasing incidence of suicides.
;;0.743;;prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that the people of kashmir are eager to join the national mainstream and the power of development is stronger than the might of bullets and bombs.
;;0.7906;;watch videosverma further said that prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the us was of great significance as it churned out lot of important outcomes.
;;0.0;;the move to launch airs digital platforms in baluchi came after prime minister narendramodi modis independence day speech in which he had brought up the issue of pakistani atrocities on the people of balochistan and pok.
;;0.5256;;prime minister narendramodi and french president emmanuel macron (reuters file photo) prime minister narendramodi and french president emmanuel macron (reuters file photo)can france replace russia as indias most valuable international partner?
;;0.0;;co/g1zeov3ubt  o panneerselvam (@officeofops) may 20, 2017panneerselvam had met prime minister narendramodi on friday and is learnt to have discussed the political developments in the state.
;;0.7096;;but if the congress comes into it and i hope it will, then there is no hope for prime minister narendramodi except to see him consigned to the books of history, aiyar told ani.
;;0.296;;just two days after prime minister narendramodi s parivartan rally in shimla, youth congress president vikramaditya singh saturday alleged that union steel minister birender singh was trying to allure state congress leaders to join bjp, ahead of assembly polls later this year.
;;-0.6808;;he also accused prime minister narendramodi of befooling the poor on low-cost air travel and also spreading lies aout making soft-drink giants put five per cent natural fruit juice in drinks sold across india.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is doing a tremendous job.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was present at the meeting.
;;-0.5267;;congress spokesperson kapil sibal (file photo) congress spokesperson kapil sibal (file photo)the congress questioned on friday the silence of prime minister narendramodi on repeated incidents of violence in the name of cow protection, and asked whether safeguarding indians was the priority of the government.
;;0.2023;;advertisingdcw chief writes to pmin another development, delhi commission for women (dcw) chief swati maliwal has written a letter to prime minister narendramodi , demanding the expulsion of rape-accused bjp mla from the party.
;;0.0;;the meeting, which will be chaired by prime minister narendramodi , was earlier scheduled for saturday.
;;-0.25;;former chief minister prem kumar dhumal, who had earlier raised the issue of shortage of funds and slow pace of construction work at the campus, said hrd minister smriti irani has informed him that prime minister narendramodi has taken note of scarcity of funds and sanctioned additional funds for the institute.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi , in his first mann ki baat this year, focused on students set to appear in the boards and other competitive examinations across the country.
;;0.4588;;in this context, he referred to the deep interest shown by prime minister narendramodi in promotion of sports.
;;0.0;;(file)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday offered his prayers at the somnath temple and also offered his tribute to the sardar vallabhbhai patels statue, marking his seventh visit in gujarat.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday urged people to observe the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi this year as a day to make india plastic-free and exhorted municipalities, ngos and the corporate sector to come up with ways for safe disposal of accumulated plastic waste before diwali.
;;-0.296;;chief minister narendramodi modis office has clarified he has no plans to visit ayodhya this week.
;;0.8979;;this is their first meeting after india skipped beijings ambitious the belt and road summit in may (source: file photo) this is their first meeting after india skipped beijings ambitious the belt and road summit in may (source: file photo)prime minister narendramodi said on friday that india was grateful for chinas support in the shanghai cooperation organisation membership.
;;0.3818;;state finance minister etela rajender had earlier said it was decided to pass the bill as chief minister k chandrasekhar rao has assured prime minister narendramodi , who recently addressed a public meeting at gajwel, of the states backing to gst bill.
;;0.34;;congress leader in the lok sabha adhir ranjan chowdhury claimed that the bjp returned to power as prime minister narendramodi was a very big salesman while the grand old party failed to market its product in the parliamentary elections.
;;0.5719;;30 am on thursday, kiran singh (32) and her two children left their uttam nagar home to hear prime minister narendramodi speak as india celebrated its 73rd year of independence.
;;0.1027;;full text: pm narendramodi modis 2019 independence day speechclad in a white kurta pyjama and a colourful turban, the prime minister reached the venue at 7.
;;-0.4019;;stepping up his attack on opposition parties, shah had yesterday compared them to snakes and mongoose, cats and dogs, all traditional rivals now forced to come together on a tree to escape the flood of prime minister narendramodi in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;advertisingin his 2018 independence day speech, prime minister narendramodi had said: atal bihari vajpayee ji had showed us a way of development of #jammuandkashmir, the right way, the way we will walk on, the way of insaaniyat (humanism), jamhuriyat (democracy) and kashmiriyat (spirit of kashmir).
;;0.0;;sharief had written to prime minister narendramodi on march 29 endorsing bhagwats candidature.
;;0.0;;b'gujarat congress today described as marketing gimmick chief minister narendramodi modis meeting with a us delegation which included three republican legislators.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newsthe asi carried out excavation at vadnagar in two phases between january, 2015 and may, 2016, after prime minister narendramodi , who hails from vadnagar, took office.
;;-0.4767;;state congress president arjun modhwadia on wednesday said he was disappointed with the central government for not taking action in the snooping scam,allegedly involving chief minister narendramodi and his former minister amit shah.
;;0.1531;;modhwadia has been accused of making uncharitable remark of a personal nature against cm narendramodi during an election meeting in surat,where by-election campaign is in progress for surat west assembly seat.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee thursday wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi urging him to call an all-party meeting on public funding of elections.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee has written to prime minister narendramodi over electoral reforms and funding pic.
;;-0.6249;;takes dig at state cong for perverse boycott of celebrationschief minister narendramodi targeted prime minister manmohan singh,the congress-led upa government and the state congress in his valedictory speech at the swarnim gujarat celebrations at sardar patel stadium here on sunday,but vowed neither to break down nor bow out.
;;0.128;;(source: express photo by bhupendra rana)after prime minister narendramodi launched a scheme in the memory of pandit deendayal upadhyay called shramev jayate karyakram in october, the maharaja sayajirao university (msu) in vadodara has introduced a short-term course on the political thinker, rss ideologue and member of the bhartiya jan sangh.
;;0.802;;share this article related article pm narendramodi to launch works dedicated to deen dayal upadhyay's philosophypm narendramodi to launch works dedicated to deen dayal upadhyay's philosophy deendayal upadhyay birth centenary: nitish kumar on panel to be chaired by pmdeendayal upadhyay birth centenary: nitish kumar on panel to be chaired by pm aap opposes proposal to rename race course road as ekatma margaap opposes proposal to rename race course road as ekatma marg narendramodi modis mathura visit: bjp deploys 6000 men to garner crowd of 2 lakhnarendra modis mathura visit: bjp deploys 6000 men to garner crowd of 2 lakh msu introduces course on deendayal upadhyayshah to address public gathering in mathurainamdar has also translated into gujarati, sharmas compilation of a book by pandit deendayal upadhyay ekatma manav darshan.
;;0.0;;the move from the governor comes days after he met prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah and apprised them of the present law and order situation here.
;;0.4767;;the cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , gave its approval by revoking a constitution order dated february 12, 1981, and promulgating a new order.
;;0.4767;;(express photo/file) the cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , gave its approval by revoking a constitution order dated february 12, 1981, and promulgating a new order.
;;0.4767;;the cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , gave its approval by revoking a constitution order dated february 12, 1981, and promulgating a new order.
;;0.7845;;ptrs healthy tiger population makes it one of the best managed tiger reserves in the country, according to a wildlife institute of india (wii) report that was released along with status of tigers, co-predators, prey and their habitat, 2018, a four-yearly tiger audit or census which prime minister narendramodi unveiled on june 29.
;;0.4939;;virgin hyperloopone founder-chairman richard branson had announced a framework agreement for the project in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and fadnavis during his visit to mumbai for the `magnetic maharashtra conclave held in february.
;;-0.9153;;in protest over his dissenting views going unrecorded in the commissions final orders, ashok lavasa, one of the three election commissioners, has recused himself from meetings on complaints concerning violations of the model code of conduct (mcc)  lavasa had opposed the clean chit given to prime minister narendramodi on four complaints that accused the pm of violating the code during the campaign.
;;-0.2547;;b'prime minister narendramodi with bjp chief amit shah (file photo) prime minister narendramodi with bjp chief amit shah (file photo)the tdp decision to pull out its ministers from the modi government not only plays a spoiler in bjp celebrations over its electoral gains in three north-eastern states but, for the long term, clouds the ruling ndas poll fortunes in andhra pradesh which sends 25 members to lok sabha  a number that matches seats from all of north-east in the lower house.
;;-0.5267;;though the tdp chief has not announced parting of ways with the nda, his public reference to the sense of hurt in andhra pradesh following union finance minister arun jaitleys terse remarks on tdp demands and the non-availability of prime minister narendramodi to take his calls indicate the widening distance between these two pre-poll partners of 2014.
;;0.0;;b'an opposition delegation from jammu and kashmir during a meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo, file) an opposition delegation from jammu and kashmir during a meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on monday.
;;-0.7196;;on tuesday, opposition leaders were also furious with the government after its demand that prime minister narendramodi come to the house and clarify his position on us president donald trumps remarks on mediation in kashmir was not accepted.
;;0.9805;;rime minister narendramodi exchanges greetings with ministers and chief ministers after signing a board as a commitment to ensure clean india rime minister narendramodi exchanges greetings with ministers and chief ministers after signing a board as a commitment to ensure clean indianew initiatives to clean public places, rewarding the impact-makers and fresh pledges to meet the 2019 target of a clean-india marked the day as the the swachh bharat abhiyan launched by prime minister narendramodi completed two years today on gandhi jayanti.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)taking a leaf out of prime minister narendramodi modis book, visiting nepal pm k p sharma oli sunday addressed non-resident nepalese citizens living and working in india on the lawns of nepal ambassadors residence in new delhi.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with us president barack obama.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with us president barack obama.
;;0.0;;prashant thakur, the local bjp legislator, said the complete majority in panvel was the result of the development work undertaken by prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.8625;;rajasthan chief minister ashok gehlot on monday accused prime minister narendramodi of ignoring the facts and deliberately targeting him over the gang rape of a dalit woman in alwar district.
;;-0.6467;;(pti file photo)in a veiled attack on prime minister narendramodi , rahul gandhi on wednesday said india becoming a republic on january 26, 1950 meant that it would not accept whims of any emperor nor a dictator.
;;0.0258;;madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan (file photo) madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan (file photo)days after prime minister narendramodi backed january-december fiscal year, madhya pradesh on tuesday announced that it will implement the change by presenting its next annual budget in december this year.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had made the proposal at the third governing council meeting of niti aayog held last week on monday.
;;0.7466;;union minister of water resources uma bharti (file photo) union minister of water resources uma bharti (file photo)stating that conservation of ground water is a major challenge, union minister uma bharti on friday said the narendramodi government will work to make water the cause of friendship and not of war among states and neighbouring countries.
;;0.6808;;vehemently criticising the bjp-led central government, modhwadia said that prime minister narendramodi was working against the interest of the farmers and it was quite evident from the ordinance issued by modi government for removing certain clauses pertaining to seeking consent of the farmers and village panchayats for acquisition of land from the right to fair compensation and transparency in land acquisition, rehabilitation and resettlement passed by the previous upa government.
;;0.0;;attending the national executive in bhubaneswar after the bjps victory in the bhoranj by-election last week, the state leadership was not sitting back to listen to their leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , on the partys larger agenda for 2019.
;;0.2023;;next in line is the visit of prime minister narendramodi , who is expected to lay the foundation stone of two major projects, including aiims and hydro-engineering college in bilaspur, the home town of union health minister jp nadda and hamirpur, the lok sabha constituency of anurag thakur.
;;0.4588;;i welcome prime minister narendramodi modis post-election statement that a government has to be run through consensus, not majority.
;;0.0;;he will also meet prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the summit.
;;0.1027;;after the president, prime minister narendramodi and the three defence chiefs arrived at the venue, the trademark bugle call was made.
;;0.1531;;in a veiled reference to reports that gujarat chief minister narendramodi had rescued 15,000 gujaratis from uttarakhand,mayawati sunday said bsp condemns a political party whose leader seeks to become a pm candidate but talks about saving people only from his own state.
;;0.0;;the incident in vaisali district had taken place while the union minister was on his way to attend a function of prime minister narendramodi in east champaran district.
;;0.9217;;it was a come-uppance for the man who had focused public attention on prime minister narendramodi modis monogrammed jacket long ago, and had made the epithet suit-boot ki sarkar stick like a limpet mine (file) it was a come-uppance for the man who had focused public attention on prime minister narendramodi modis monogrammed jacket long ago, and had made the epithet suit-boot ki sarkar stick like a limpet mine (file)the clothes sometimes unmaketh the man, as congress president rahul gandhi discovered when he faced the music at a concert in shillong, where he was found to be dressed rather too splendidly in a padded jacket worth about $1,000.
;;0.6249;;it was a come-uppance for the man who had focused public attention on prime minister narendramodi modis monogrammed jacket long ago, and had made the epithet suit-boot ki sarkar stick like a limpet mine.
;;-0.5267;;flagging concern over the alleged rise in mob lynching incidents against minorities, 49 eminent personalities from various fields have written an open letter to prime minister narendramodi , stressing that such incidents should be stopped immediately.
;;0.0;;forty-nine eminent personalities, including filmmaker aparna sen, have written an open letter to pm narendramodi over alleged rise in mob lynching caseshttps://t.
;;0.9217;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday urged those celebrating ganesh and durga puja in the coming months to think about the environment and ensure they celebrate the festival in an eco-friendly manner.
;;-0.4404;;to mark prime minister narendramodi modis birthday, an exhibition of photographs of his life was inaugurated monday at the city science centre in surat by mayor jagdish patel, in the presence of surat bjp mp darshana jardosh, navsari bjp mp c r patil, surat city bjp president nitin bhajiyawala and event organiser majura bjp mla harsh sanghavi.
;;0.0;;(pti photo/pib)prime minister narendramodi will hold a bilateral meeting with chinese president xi jinping on saturday on the sidelines of the sco summit during which they will take stock of the implementation of decisions taken at the informal summit just over a month ago in wuhan.
;;0.0;;neema shelat (35) said, demonetisation was a time when prime minister narendramodi made people rethink their priorities.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with britains prime minister theresa may during a bilateral meeting at 10 downing street in london.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters) prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with britains prime minister theresa may during a bilateral meeting at 10 downing street in london.
;;0.7845;;(source: reuters)prime minister narendramodi , who began his four-day visit to the united kingdom on wednesday, held wide-ranging talks with his british counterpart theresa may on redefining and infusing new energy into the bilateral engagement after britains exit from the european union (eu).
;;-0.5574;;when isro chairman k sivan approached prime minister narendramodi to convey the status of the mission after the loss of the communication link, he said the telemetry link has been lost to the ground.
;;-0.6369;;(source: ani)prime minister narendramodi , who is also a local mp from varanasi, expressed sadness at the loss of lives.
;;-0.6705;;read: pm narendramodi expresses grief over loss of livesvaranasi is pm modis lok sabha constituency since 2014.
;;0.4767;;sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 18, 2017following the verdict, prime minister narendramodi spoke to swaraj to thank her.
;;-0.5267;;they tried it by taking himanta (biswa sarma) and other mlas, but they could not do it, gogoi told a press conference here targeting the central government led by prime minister narendramodi who had launched a blistering attack on the congress leader during the recent poll rallies in assam.
;;0.9062;;(read more)march 27 | pm modi says strong wind of change will blow away congress, appeals for decisive mandate in assam: a strong wind blowing across assam is all set to uproot the ruling congress in the forthcoming assembly polls, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday and appealed to people for a decisive mandate in favour of the bjp.
;;0.1779;;(read more)march 27 | claiming chaiwallah ties in tea state, modi calls assam diseased, gogoi almost 90: prime minister narendramodi kicked off his campaign for the high-stakes assam election battle on saturday, addressing five rallies where he called assam a diseased state and said he could feel strong winds of change blowing in the state.
;;0.0;;(read more)march 27 | narendramodi in assam: mask, tribal jacket, wooden rhinoceros among many gifts pm received- prime minister narendramodi was given numerous gifts during the five rallies that he attended during the first day of his whirlwind two-day election campaign tour of assam.
;;0.0;;(read more)march 26 | when i was a tea-seller, it was assam tea i sold which refreshed people, says modi: prime minister narendramodi will address five public meetings in assam on saturday and two others on sunday.
;;0.8126;;(read more)march 20 | i am only playing secular politics, not the hindu card, says cm gogoi: assam cm says he is confident of winning a fourth term, rules out any tie-up with aiudfs badruddin ajmal, talks of the vast difference between narendramodi and broad-minded atal bihari vajpayee, and says dubbing people anti-national will only alienate them further.
;;0.9186;;the anti-incumbency of the 15-year-old congress government, the wave for the bjp in the 2014 lok sabha polls in favour of prime minister narendramodi saw the party exude great confidence a few months ago.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi greets israels prime minister benjamin netanyahu at a meeting in new york.
;;0.1531;;(ap/file) prime minister narendramodi greets israels prime minister benjamin netanyahu at a meeting in new york.
;;0.34;;(ap/file)in a big fillip to an already robust bilateral relations, prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to land in israel on july 4 on a three-day visit, the first by an indian prime minister to the jewish state.
;;-0.1531;;firing a salvo against bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , ncp chief sharad pawar has alleged that the senior bjp leader is in a rush to take over the countrys top post.
;;0.0;;speaking at the inauguration of the bangladesh bhawan at santiniketan last friday, prime minister narendramodi talked of the current golden era in the relations between delhi and dhaka.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister prime minister narendramodi condemned the manchester arena attack.
;;0.0;;the event was to mark the release of two books  mann ki baat: a social revolution on radio authored by rajesh jain and marching with a billion: analysing narendramodi modis government at midterm authored by uday muhurkar.
;;0.5267;;pti photogujarat social justice and empowerment minister ramanlal vora wednesday said that it was a dalit girl who helped prime minister narendramodi remain chief minister for 14 years, till he moved to delhi as pm.
;;-0.4019;;rahul gandhi also lashed out at prime minister narendramodi for ignoring the plight of the farmers.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)pushing for a less-cash economy, prime minister narendramodi friday said the governments digidhan movement for digital payment is a step towards curbing the menace of corruption.
;;0.3412;;anand sharma (cong) asked why prime minister narendramodi has not responded to attacks on dalits in name of gau raksha.
;;0.2263;;says cm is pseudo hindu,nirmal baba of gujarat and a mr natwarlalkick-starting his parivartan yatra here on thursday,former chief minister keshubhai patel came down heavily on his successor narendramodi while calling for a complete change in the state.
;;0.1139;;all those who cannot perform yoga will not miss the yoga day function where prime minister narendramodi will be present.
;;0.0;;on june 21, prime minister narendramodi will be coming to capitol complex in chandigarh on the occasion of yoga day.
;;0.5859;;advertisingaddressing party workers at prabhadevi in mumbai, he also took on prime minister narendramodi for his claims that removal of article 370 would create jobs in kashmir.
;;0.5106;;a one-time avid supporter of narendramodi , thackeray has over the years had a fall out with the bjp since it came to power in 2014.
;;0.296;;in the words of the prime minister narendramodi , the make in india scheme is aimed at creating a global manufacturing hub in india.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping inside a house boat, in wuhans east lake, china.
;;0.0;;(pti photo/file) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping inside a house boat, in wuhans east lake, china.
;;0.6597;;(pti photo/file)india and china will work out their differences to ensure that they progress and prosper together, indian envoy here gautam bambawale said on wednesday ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis bilateral talks with chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation summit this week  their second meeting in less than two months.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi wants to empower women.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modithe number of beneficiaries of pm ujjwala yojana for providing lpg connections to bpl households has crossed 2 crore mark in less than a year, prime minister narendramodi said today while hailing the achievement.
;;0.4215;;the appointments committee of the cabinet, led by prime minister narendramodi , approved the appointment of singh as press secretary to the president on contract basis initially for a period of one year or until further orders, the department of personnel and training said in an order.
;;0.5574;;sources said the modi fest will be a three-day affair in order to attract the youth and create awareness about the programmes initiated by the narendramodi government.
;;0.3818;;he claimed that with prime minister narendramodi at the centre and adityanath in up, the state has got double engine for growth.
;;0.4767;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modigood health is a justiciable fundamental right, a delhi court has said while observing that prime minister narendramodi modis ambitious project for health insurance cover for everyone would bring about an evolution in indias health insurance model.
;;0.4767;;the court said, the ambitious project of prime minister narendramodi i.
;;0.0;;(source: file)pakistans balochistan province assembly has adopted a resolution condemning prime minister narendramodi modis remarks on balochistan and asked the federal government to take up the issue at international fora.
;;0.7506;;even prime minister narendramodi praised the punjab police for the forces bravery.
;;-0.0258;;on november 8, prime minister narendramodi , in a late evening address to the nation, announced that old notes of rs 500 and rs 1000 would no longer be accepted.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi is arriving in pune on saturday to launch the smart cities project.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will attend the g-20 summit in osaka, japan from june 27-29, the ministry of external affairs said on friday.
;;0.296;;however, getting three-fourths of the seats now, 325 in 403 and retaining the same vote share, approximately 42 per cent in 2014, and nearly 40 per cent in 2017, after almost three years of prime minister narendramodi modis administration at the centre, is phenomenal.
;;0.7351;;first and foremost, this shows the profound connect which prime minister narendramodi has with the people of india, who are willing to trust even the hardest decisions taken by him as beneficial for the country and the common citizen.
;;0.8633;;coupled with this promising delivery was narendramodi modis leadership signifying courage and a strong conviction for a corruption-free india.
;;-0.34;;prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)prime minister narendramodi will hold talks with us president donald trump on june 26 on issues including strengthening the joint mechanism in combating terrorism, trade and h1-b temporary visa.
;;0.0;;even prime minister narendramodi has asked for a speedy probe.
;;0.0;;the possibility of prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah meeting the partys j&k unit leaders has not been ruled out.
;;0.0;;ahead of the first session of the 17th lok sabha, a group of key ministers in the newly sworn in government met on friday to discuss prime minister narendramodi modis agenda for governance in his second term, sources said.
;;0.4019;;the meeting was also attended by union ministers narendramodi singh tomar, ravi shankar prasad, mukhtar abbas naqvi, dharmendra pradhan and pralhad joshiearlier in the day, joshi, the parliamentary affairs minister, met congress parliamentary party chief sonia gandhi seeking her partys cooperation for smooth functioning of the parliament session.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (express photo by praveen jain/files) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by praveen jain/files)sunday, may 27, marks the fourth anniversary of the prime minister narendramodi modi-led bjp government at the centre.
;;-0.3182;;b'under fire for having attended an iftaar party organised by rss-affiliated muslim rashtriya manch in delhi last week, aligarh muslim university v-c zamiruddin shah said wednesday muslims in india must accept that narendramodi is prime minister, and if they ignore the ruling dispensation it will be at their peril.
;;0.0772;;senior congress leader ghulam nabi azad on wednesday accused prime minister narendramodi of stopping all developmental schemes launched by the congress government in assam affecting its growth.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi arrives at vigyan bhavan to launch make in india initiative in new delhi, india.
;;0.0;;(express file photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi arrives at vigyan bhavan to launch make in india initiative in new delhi, india.
;;0.0;;(express file photo by neeraj priyadarshi)over a dozen union ministries will project make in india programme of prime minister narendramodi at the ten-day swadeshi mela that swadeshi jagran manch (sjm) is organising in pms lok sabha constituency of varanasi from saturday.
;;0.8849;;prime minister narendramodi modis tweet terming the tree plantation drive as excellent was very encouraging and a boost to our efforts, he said.
;;0.3182;;with bjp in the process of forming government in maharashtra, congress today took potshots at it, questioning whether it will ally with a nationalist corrupt party, a name given to ncp by prime minister narendramodi during the campaigning.
;;0.8271;;we will wait to see whether the bjp chooses to ally with nationalist corrupt party or a party, which extorts money (hafta) if we trust the words spoken for them by prime minister narendramodi earlier, congress spokesman randeep surjewala told a press conference here.
;;0.4404;;we hope that the state government gets the required resource allocation from prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley, he said.
;;0.3612;;file photo/agenciescongress general secretary digvijaya singh on tuesday suggested prime minister narendramodi that he should not to give speeches on sensitive issues like dalit atrocities and kashmir unrest, and instead participate in debates in parliament on the issues.
;;0.0;;in fact, minister for information and broadcasting m. venkaiah naidu has called baahubali: the conclusion a shining example of make in india and, in a lighter moment, said that prime minister narendramodi is the real baahubali.
;;-0.802;;an autocratic prime minister narendramodi , bloating over the arrogance of numbers and a captive rbi, has plunged the country into a state of economic anarchy, wiping out peoples earnings and creating a colossal sense of fear and insecurity, it said.
;;-0.3818;;with 2017 elections around the corner, and the congress taking its battle to varanasi, the parliamentary constituency of prime minister narendramodi , we might see more of politics over amethi.
;;-0.4019;;he said tensions abated between india and pakistan after prime minister narendramodi modis visit to lahore last year.
;;0.7783;;(express archive)after a mega show of strength through a roadshow by party president sonia gandhi in varanasi earlier this week, the congress has launched yet another campaign targeting prime minister narendramodi  this time over the condition of the jayapur and nagepur, the two villages adopted by him under his flagship scheme saansad adarsh gram yojana (sagy).
;;0.6249;;b'cbi office in delhi (express photo by purushottam sharma/archives) cbi office in delhi (express photo by purushottam sharma/archives)a centre of excellence in investigation in cbi, announced by prime minister narendramodi three years ago, is yet to see the light of the day, a parliamentary panel said on wednesday, even as it underlined the level of vacant positions affecting the agencys performance.
;;0.0;;(file photo)setting a three-month deadline to complete ongoing development works in varanasi, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath on tuesday issued a slew of directions to authorities to spruce up prime minister narendramodi modis lok sabha constituency.
;;0.4215;;the image of prime minister narendramodi as a strong leader, especially after the surgical strike, had appealed to younger voters in the 18-25 age group.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, prime minister narendramodi took to twitter to salute the services of our soldiers on the occasion of army day.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi after the bjp parliamentary board meeting.
;;0.0;;(source: renuka puri) pm narendramodi after the bjp parliamentary board meeting.
;;0.0;;the bjps poll slogan gujarat ka sher aya, bjp members announced as prime minister narendramodi entered rajya sabha.
;;0.6369;;expressa day after meeting prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley in delhi over the cash credit limit (ccl) issue, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal thursday refuted all allegations regarding any misappropriation in the cash credit limit (ccl) for food grains in the state.
;;0.4404;;he said prime minister narendramodi has taken up the tiranga yatra to undo the injustice done to forgotten heroes of the freedom movement.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi , during 2014 saarc summit in kathmandu, had made the commitment to launch the satellite.
;;0.0;;video: pm modi, mongolian president unveil lord buddhas statue via video conferencingprime minister narendramodi and president of mongolia khaltmaagiin battulga jointly unveiled a statue of lord buddha at the gandan monastery in ulaanbaatar through video-conferencing from pm modis new delhi.
;;0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi modis mention of the vande bharat express in his independence day speech as a mark of peoples growing aspirations has come at a time when the railway ministry is fine-tuning the way forward for this prestigious project.
;;0.128;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on thursday launched an electronic trading platform, the national agriculture marker  enam for farmers to sell their products.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with pakistan president mamnoon hussain after a joint press conference for the shanghai cooperation organization (sco) summit in qingdao.
;;0.0;;(source: ap) prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with pakistan president mamnoon hussain after a joint press conference for the shanghai cooperation organization (sco) summit in qingdao.
;;0.1245;;so, it was without any surprise that the news that grabbed the spotlight during the shanghai cooperation organisation meeting was the brief handshake and exchange of pleasantries between prime minister narendramodi and pakistan president mamnoon hussain.
;;-0.5719;;when prime minister narendramodi decided to stop over in lahore on his way back to new delhi from kabul in 2015 to meet then pm nawaz sharif, it raised hopes that the stop-and-start negotiations between the nuclear-armed neighbours might finally make progress after three wars and more than 65 years of hostility.
;;-0.1779;;here are the instances:then pakistan pm nawaz sharif was the first to shake hands with the new pm narendramodi in 2014.
;;-0.1779;;(file) then pakistan pm nawaz sharif was the first to shake hands with the new pm narendramodi in 2014.
;;0.7351;;(file)* modis surprise stopover in lahore (december 2015): prime minister narendramodi chose to accelerate the pace of engagement with pakistan with a surprise visit to lahore on his way back from moscow and kabul.
;;-0.5994;;gujarat chief minister and bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi on sunday flagged off the run for unity marathon in vadodara where over 1 lakh persons gathered in citys navlakhi ground,to mark the 63rd death anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel.
;;0.0;;the bjd has pointed to a provision used in germany which could form the basis of a possible constitutional amendment to implement prime minister narendramodi modis call for one-nation, one-election, in which in all elections to the lok sabha and state legislatures are held simultaneously.
;;0.1779;;he would often praise prime minister narendramodi and some of his governments initiative and often criticise too.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi has pretty much hit the refresh button with his cabinet expansion and reshuffle on tuesday.
;;0.7845;;advertisingsingh was responding to demands from the opposition for answers from prime minister narendramodi on trumps statement on monday claiming that modi has asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue and that he would love to help.
;;0.0;;it will go into commercial operation once prime minister narendramodi inaugurates it on june 17.
;;0.1531;;bjp president rajnath singh on friday singled out gujarat chief minister narendramodi for special praise as he gave a battle cry for the 2014 general elections at the partys three-day national executive that began here on friday.
;;0.4033;;however,the manner in which the committee has been pressurised to rescind its invitation to gujarat chief minister narendramodi on entirely suspicious grounds,i feel the intellectual integrity of the forum has been compromised, dr parikh said in his letter.
;;0.926;;(source: pti)he may be a strident critic of narendramodi but samajwadi party leader azam khan says he shares many of his qualities like making tea, dressing properly and playing drums and is a fit candidate for prime minister.
;;0.1027;;(file photo)having reached out to the masses with his mann ki baat radio programme, prime minister narendramodi will now get peoples feedback on his governments programmes and policies through jann ki baat.
;;0.0;;in the run-up to the assembly elections in chhattisgarh, the bjp said narendramodi would be their face for the election.
;;0.0;;as the elections got nearer, photos of pm narendramodi and amit shah started shrinking on posters.
;;0.0;;vijayvargiya recalled that prime minister narendramodi , in an election speech in the state, had said that over 40 tmc legislators were in touch with the bjp.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to be in london in the third week of april to attend the commonwealth heads of government meeting.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with home minister rajnath singh.
;;0.0;;(file/express) prime minister narendramodi with home minister rajnath singh.
;;-0.6808;;(source: ani_news/twitter)prime minister narendramodi on friday reiterated his stand on terrorism at the 17th shanghai cooperation organisation summit being held in astana, kazakhstan.
;;0.6486;;sources alleged the police had used force against some patidar youths who had been taken into preventive custody during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to botad last month and that again, cost the party dear.
;;0.8442;;(twitter/pmo india)prime minister narendramodi , who is on an official state visit in russia, underscored the importance of mutual trust between the two nations as he expressed gratitude towards russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.3595;;us president donald trump will join prime minister narendramodi at howdy, modi!
;;0.0;;he said the slowdown was primarily due to demonetisation announced by prime minister narendramodi on november 8 last year.
;;0.6908;;pm modi with netherlands pm mark rutte (source: twitter/mark rutte) pm modi with netherlands pm mark rutte (source: twitter/mark rutte)lauding the goals set by prime minister narendramodi for cleaning the ganga, dutch premier mark rutte on thursday said worldwide there was a need to value water, not only as an economic asset, but also for its social, cultural and environmental importance.
;;0.7184;;(express photo)after a successful strike on black money through demonetisation, bjp, under leadership of prime minister narendramodi , has already started campaign to weed out black money from politics and bring major electoral reforms, party chief amit shah said on tuesday.
;;0.4019;;watch what else is making news:i wish to inform you that bjp under leadership of prime minister narendramodi has started steps for all the three, he added.
;;-0.6124;;the ties between the two allies, who fought the recent civic elections separately, have been strained and sena had often taken a dig at bjp and prime minister narendramodi in the run up to the assembly polls.
;;0.0;;though the proposal to obtain land for the maintenance depot was made as far back as august 2008, when the delhi metro rail corporation (dmrc) first submitted the draft dpr for pune metro, the metro authorities sent the first communication to coap authorities in january 2017, a week after prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the project.
;;-0.9493;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi today described the demise of death row prisoner sarabjit singh as an extra-judicial killing, and accused the indian and pakistani governments of misleading people over the issue.
;;0.0;;patole, who has now joined the congress, had openly assailed prime minister narendramodi modis authoritarian style of functioning.
;;0.0;;on gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis projection as bjps prime ministerial candidate,rudy said the partys parliamentary board will take a call on it.
;;0.0;;amidst the opposition going to the ec over the test, and prime minister narendramodi himself announcing it to the nation, drdo chairman g satheesh reddy gave a detailed representation on mission shakti, with graphics.
;;0.5106;;pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif on friday telephoned narendramodi and congratulated him on bjps impressive victory in the just concluded general elections in india.
;;0.8934;;prime minister muhammad nawaz sharif spoke to mr. narendramodi this afternoon and offered his congratulations and good wishes on the bhartaya janata partys impressive victory in the just concluded general elections in india, said an official release from the pakistan government.
;;0.0;;the comments come days after prime minister narendramodi urged washington to keep an open mind on admitting skilled indian workers.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi at a farmers rally in bargarh, odisha on sunday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) pm narendramodi at a farmers rally in bargarh, odisha on sunday.
;;0.1779;;(source: pti)launching a frontal attack on opposition parties and certain ngos, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said conspiracies were being hatched everyday to finish and defame him.
;;0.5859;;the launch of two-plus-two dialogue was announced last summer when prime minister narendramodi had a successful meeting with us president donald trump at the white house.
;;0.743;;the party is growing under the leadership of narendramodi and results of recent elections in several states had gone in our favour.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi arrives at palam airport in delhi.
;;0.0;;(ani photo) prime minister narendramodi arrives at palam airport in delhi.
;;0.0;;(ani photo)prime minister narendramodi arrived at the palam airport in new delhi friday morning after concluding his five-nation tour.
;;0.6908;;(pti photo)with chinese president xi jinping listening in, prime minister narendramodi said on friday that connectivity projects in the region should respect territorial integrity and sovereignty, and it is essential to maintain inclusivity and sustainability.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi wants every home and school to have access to a toilet by 2019, in time for the 150th anniversary of mahatma gandhis birth.
;;0.7269;;he claimed if bjp leader narendramodi becomes the prime minister, only his industrialist friends would benefit.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with finance minister arun jaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo by kamal kishore) prime minister narendramodi with finance minister arun jaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during his visit to bangladesh [also] confessed to indias involvement in [then] east pakistan in 1971, zakaria said.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi is ending the first day of his london visit by interacting with indian diaspora at a mega event titled bharat ki baat, sabke saath.
;;0.4019;;during a telephone call with prime minister narendramodi , british premier boris johnson called kashmir a bilateral issue between india and pakistan and stressed on the importance of resolving issues through dialogue, reported news agency pti.
;;0.743;;along the lines of prime minister narendramodi modis ambitious model village scheme for mps, the finance minister has announced the launch of a mla model village scheme under which states 288 elected representatives are encouraged to come forward to adopt a village each.
;;-0.7351;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the asian ministerial conference on disaster risk reduction on thursday.
;;0.1027;;(source: file photo)prime minister narendramodi modis mention of balochistan in his independence day address sparked a debate within the congress, seven years after its mention in the india-pakistan joint statement at sharm el-sheikh had triggered disquiet within the party.
;;0.7096;;swarajs presence in israel is of special significance in light of israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahus proposed visit to india later this year, as well as prime minister narendramodi modis much anticipated visit to the west asian nation.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)people sipped tea and listened to prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat programme at over 100 venues including 25 railway stations specially arranged by bjp in mumbai on sunday.
;;0.0258;;though he stressed that the agitation is not aimed at uprooting government, hardik, after addressing the rally, went to gandhinagar to seek blessings of former chief minister keshubhai patel, who had contested the 2012 polls against the bjp when prime minister narendramodi was heading the state government.
;;-0.296;;read | mathura clashes: amit shah demands resignation of senior sp minister shivpal yadavshah in the bjp booth presidents meet in kasganj today said, prime minister narendramodi ji up walle hain kyunki woh up se chun kar sansad me gayen hain (prime minister narendramodi ji is a up man because he chose to contest from here and won).
;;0.4019;;as the indian public discourse on china continues to oscillate between unmitigated romanticism and unreasonable hostility, prime minister narendramodi has settled down to a pragmatic engagement with beijing.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)with the goods and services tax (gst) set for a july 1 roll-out, prime minister narendramodi on monday reviewed the preparations of the new indirect tax regime and said it will be a turning point in the countrys burgeoning economy.
;;0.1027;;the common thread running through all of these posts  they were all critical of prime minister narendramodi and the ruling party, the bjp.
;;0.0;;on monday, 313 mps were administered the oath by pro-tem speaker virendra kumar, including prime minister narendramodi and his council of ministers.
;;0.5165;;ahead of the session, prime minister narendramodi highlighted the role of the opposition in a democracy and said it need not bother about numbers while urging them to speak actively and participate in the house proceedings.
;;0.0;;the new terminal was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on september 11.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi exchanged views with barack obama on the sidelines of the g20 summit in chinas hangzhou.
;;0.0;;(source: ap) prime minister narendramodi exchanged views with barack obama on the sidelines of the g20 summit in chinas hangzhou.
;;0.0;;in the afternoon, the president will hold a bilateral meeting with prime minister narendramodi of india, the white house said in its daily guidance released to the press.
;;0.7269;;he was made the state unit chief in february and enjoys the backing of prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah.
;;0.2118;;(file photo)with the centre facing flak for not issuing an ordinance for conduct of jallikattu, union minister pon radhakrishnan today said prime minister narendramodi had explained the legal situation in this regard but fully backed the states efforts to hold the bull taming sport.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi addresses an election campaign rally in uttar pradesh (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi addresses an election campaign rally in uttar pradesh (pti photo)a day after the latest data revealed that the economy clocked a faster-than-expected growth of 7 per cent despite demonetisation in the third quarter of the financial year, prime minister narendramodi mocked economists and political rivals who had questioned the note ban, saying harvard se jyada dum hota hai hard work mein (hard work is stronger than harvard).
;;0.7717;;in a rare gesture,chief minister narendramodi had a word of appreciation for the central government during his valedictory address at the vibrant gujarat agriculture summit 2013 here on tuesday.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi has pledged $250 billion to modernize the countrys aging military equipment  from fighter jets to guns and submarines.
;;0.743;;in his writ petition filed in the supreme court,suspended ias officer pradeep sharma has alleged that chief minister narendramodi had illegally put his cellphone under surveillance with the help of cid.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday arrived in kuala lumpur from indonesia to meet his newly-elected malaysian counterpart mahathir mohammad.
;;0.5106;;the bjp will invite allies shiv sena and republican party of india for its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis rally at bandra-kurla complex here on december 22,the partys state unit chief devendra fadnavis said monday.
;;0.2023;;prem nath pandeyprime minister narendramodi and cyprus president nicos anastasiades on friday strongly pitched for decisive action against states supporting, sheltering and sustaining violence factories in their regions.
;;0.0;;the case was filed against him for his tweet on prime minister narendramodi calling him a 12th pass.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi is a coward and a psychopath, said the delhi cm.
;;0.3818;;b'prime minister narendramodi modis bold move on tuesday, hours after a sedate and unremarkable ministerial expansion in the morning, has sent out some riveting political signals.
;;0.3612;;british prime minister david cameron on friday congratulated bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi on his partys victory in the lok sabha polls and said he is keen to work together.
;;0.4767;;britains gujarati community are rightly proud of narendramodi , his achievements and his dedication to his home state of gujarat.
;;-0.3182;;the ways in which narendramodi mobilised support and broke through voter apathy will be a lesson for politicians and political campaigners around the world, patel added.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi also be present.
;;0.34;;advertisingthe decision buttresses the union governments emphasis on national security which, both prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah have stated, is one of their primary areas of focus.
;;-0.4588;;b'shiv sena leader suresh prabhu today said he has cancelled his visit to wharton as a mark of protest against the cancellation of gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis keynote address at the wharton india economic forum.
;;0.7269;;b'vijay goel (r) said both he as well as prime minister narendramodi were keen on promoting football.
;;0.7269;;(source: pti) vijay goel (r) said both he as well as prime minister narendramodi were keen on promoting football.
;;0.7269;;goel said both he as well as prime minister narendramodi were keen on promoting football and other sports in the country.
;;0.6249;;referring to prime minister narendramodi modis election speeches in up in which he promised to set up anti-romeo squads to protect women if bjp came to power in that state, oza asked why was pm keeping silence in case of naliya incident and other cases pertaining to atrocities on women in bjp-ruled states of maharashtra, gujarat, rajasthan and madhya pradesh.
;;-0.8442;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)contending that black money had destroyed the country, prime minister narendramodi on thursday reached out to the youth, asking them to fight against it along with social problems like caste discrimination, untouchability and harassment of women.
;;0.0;;b'shillong: prime minister narendramodi delivering his speech on the occasion of the flag off ceremony of three trains in shillong, meghalaya on friday.
;;0.0;;pti photo shillong: prime minister narendramodi delivering his speech on the occasion of the flag off ceremony of three trains in shillong, meghalaya on friday.
;;0.0;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on friday spoke about meghalayas football potential at a public meeting in shillong.
;;-0.4215;;the five erstwhile kings of the dangs district in south gujarat are unhappy with the recent announcement of a 25 per cent hike in the political pension and have written a letter to chief minister narendramodi requesting him to give a pension of rs 25,000 to each king and rs 5,000 to the nayaks.
;;0.0;;the election had been necessitated by the revolt of its mp nana patole against prime minister narendramodi , and the voters have now chosen the ncps madhukar kukade over the bjps hemant patle by a margin of over 48,000 votes.
;;0.0;;(pti photo)hours after congress vice-president rahul gandhi hit out at prime minister narendramodi over the demonetisation drive at a wholesale market in dadri, 35-year-old rajesh kumar took out two soiled rs 20 notes and a few coins from his pocket.
;;0.3612;;they will be competing in various competitions like tent-pegging, dressage before qualifying for a rally that will be held in the presence of prime minister narendramodi before january 26.
;;0.765;;prem nath pandeyaustralian prime minister malcolm turnbull landed on sunday on a four-day india visit during which he will hold talks with prime minister narendramodi on ways to boost ties in key areas, including defence, security, energy and trade.
;;0.8625;;defying the claim of bjp-ruled gujarat government that justice (retired) m b shah commission has given it a clean chit on 15 allegations of corruption levelled on state under the leadership of the then chief minister narendramodi , former chief minister suresh mehta pointed out three allegations on which the commission has not given the state government a clean chit and demanded that a special session of gujarat assembly be called to discuss the commissions remarks on them to decide further course of action.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi condoled the deaths in the accident and hoped for the early recovery of those injured.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi is expected to reach bhubaneswar, odisha on saturday at around 3 pm to attend the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) national executive meet.
;;-0.7096;;election commissioner ashok lavasa has differed with the majority view in five different complaints of violation of the model code of conduct (mcc) against prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, the sunday express has learnt.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet meeting headed by prime minister narendramodi had approved a proposal to declare islamic research foundation (irf) as an unlawful association under the unlawful activities prevention act for five years.
;;0.0772;;speaking on the occasion, the minister lauded the role of haryana government and the sports authority of india (sai) in promotion sports and added that prime minister narendramodi has set a roadmap for olympics to be held in 2020, 2024 and 2028.
;;0.0;;8:00 pm: putin expressed condolences to his indian counterpart pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi , the kremlin press service reported.
;;-0.3182;;watch: pm narendramodi modis message in kerala after meeting victims of #kollam temple tragedyhttp://t.
;;-0.7783;;(read more)#watch: prime minister narendramodi makes an on-the-spot assessment of fire tragedy at puttingal temple in #kollam.
;;-0.7717;;twitter.com/j8d8wpanmq  rss (@rss_org) april 10, 20163:30 pm: prime minister narendramodi arrived in kollam to the victims of todays tragedy.
;;-0.34;;puttingal temple fire tragedy:prime minister narendramodi arrives in #kollam with a team of burn specialist doctors pic.
;;0.0;;35 pm: prime minister narendramodi modis air india one has landed in thiruvananthapuram.
;;0.0;;25 am: prime minister narendramodi has left for keraladelhi: prime minister narendramodi boards flight for #kollam pic.
;;0.0258;;the netaji papers declassified by prime minister narendramodi on january 23 confirm that the creator of the website, ashis ray, brought the matter to the attention of former prime minister p v narasimha rao, leader of the opposition atal bihari vajpayee and west bengal chief minister jyoti basu, among other indian political leaders in 1995.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi and donald trump prime minister narendramodi and donald trumpdescribing india as a true friend of the us, president donald trump invited prime minister narendramodi to visit the country later this year, the white house said today after both leaders spoke over phone and discussed issues such as trade, defence and terrorism.
;;0.743;;during a call with prime minister narendramodi of india, president trump emphasised that the us considers india a true friend and partner in addressing challenges around the world, the white house said in a readout of the call.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on sunday said india has never coveted any territory or attacked a country but made sacrifices for the freedom of others.
;;0.0;;reddy had a meeting with prime minister narendramodi today.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi will fast at godhra for a day as part of his ongoing sadbhavana mission on january 20,a friday.
;;0.6597;;the bihar deputy chief minister greeted gujarat chief minister narendramodi for impressive victory in bypolls held in his state.
;;0.0;;the statue was unveiled by prime minister narendramodi on november 14 in 2015.
;;-0.4215;;pti photowarning that no bank defaulter will be spared, prime minister narendramodi on sunday accused congress of helping the rich usurp peoples money and claimed his government has tightened the screws on the looters who were now fleeing due to fear of going to jail.
;;0.0;;lok sabha elections 2019 highlights: taking a swipe at the congress, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that citizens prefer a chowkidar and not rajas and maharajas to rule the country.
;;0.5719;;he said that prime minister narendramodi had taken the initiative to free the countrys politics from the quagmire of opportunism, nepotism and loot.
;;0.3818;;prime minister, narendramodi (file photo) prime minister, narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday asked top government officials to continue thinking holistically and give top priority to concrete outcomes as he emphasised that the centre is open to new ideas.
;;0.4019;;pm narendramodi talked about fifa u-17 world cup to give further support to the pioneer programme.
;;0.4019;;pti pm narendramodi talked about fifa u-17 world cup to give further support to the pioneer programme.
;;0.0;;ptithrowing his weight behind the fifa u-17 world cup to be held in india this year, prime minister narendramodi has said that the mega-event should serve as a catalyst for lifting the profile of the game in the country.
;;-0.3818;;5 per cent, the lowest in the four years of the narendramodi government.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi called a meeting of economists to discuss proposals for the upcoming budget with a view to accelerate growth and create more jobs.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted.
;;-0.8625;;owaisi asked whether prime minister narendramodi would call those who killed ansari terrorists.
;;0.1531;;prem nath dogra, crediting prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah for the same.
;;0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi is learnt to have told his union council of ministers on monday that the government would disclose some names of those under probe for allegedly stashing black money abroad, to the supreme court when it reconvenes after the diwali break.
;;-0.3612;;,,     (nda)             nda      2019       giriraj singh (@girirajsinghbjp) june 4, 2018the bjp leaders remarks came a day after party spokesperson sambit patra claimed that the grand alliance was trying to prevent prime minister narendramodi from returning to power just like terrorist and 26/11 mumbai attacks accused hafiz saeed.
;;0.0;;hafiz saeed openly saying that he will shed blood of narendramodi , patra had tweeted.
;;0.0;;while both prime minister narendramodi and bihar chief minister paid their condolences, nitish also observed a two-minute silence at a function he attended in patna.
;;0.2023;;defence minister manohar parrikar defence minister manohar parrikardefence minister manohar parrikar had tried to dodge prime minister narendramodi modis offer to elevate him to the union cabinet, he has said, adding that it took him a couple of weeks to take a call on it.
;;-0.6242;;the nda government is not interested in solving these problems; instead it is spending its energies in projecting prime minister narendramodi modis image.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with the prime minister of japan, shinzo abe, at hyderabad house, in new delhi on december 12, 2015.
;;0.0;;(pib) prime minister narendramodi with the prime minister of japan, shinzo abe, at hyderabad house, in new delhi on december 12, 2015.
;;-0.5499;;but it reminded people that india first mentioned the south china sea dispute in the indo-us joint statements during prime minister narendramodi modis trip to washington last september.
;;0.0;;(pti file photo)a day after the cbi registered a preliminary enquiry against deputy chief minister manish sisodia, over alleged irregularities in the delhi governments talk to ak campaign, officials of the central agency visited the directorate of information and publicity (dip) office thursday evening and collected documents related to the social media progamme that was started on the lines of prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat.
;;0.0;;b'a meeting was called by prime minister narendramodi on april 3.
;;0.2023;;swaraj vidwaan, who was part of the meeting, said the government was unhappy with the supreme court order on sc/st act a meeting was called by prime minister narendramodi on april 3.
;;0.0;;a meeting was called by prime minister narendramodi on april 3.
;;0.8576;;the surya namaskar is one of the most popular and significant yoga exercises, with prime minister narendramodi also tweeting about its benefits in a special video made for the occasion of the yoga day this year.
;;0.4019;;b'president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi , defence minister manohar parrikar (l) and chief of naval staff admiral rk dhowan (2nd l) at the international fleet review and flypast in visakhapatnam on saturday.
;;0.4019;;(source: pti) president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi , defence minister manohar parrikar (l) and chief of naval staff admiral rk dhowan (2nd l) at the international fleet review and flypast in visakhapatnam on saturday.
;;-0.0258;;close to 75 indian warships and 24 from navies across the globe sailed past the presidential yacht- ins sumitra, that, besides mukherjee hosted prime minister narendramodi , defence minister manohar parrikar, three service chiefs besides others.
;;-0.122;;they have both said that while they have unflinchingly supported prime minister narendramodi , the bjp has not reciprocated positively to the states demands.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi will hold a meeting with the niti aayog on thursday to take stock of the progress made on the 15-year vision document.
;;0.0516;;five days later vijayvargiya returned to a heros welcome, only to be admonished by prime minister narendramodi in a message that has left the indore bjp in hiding.
;;0.7506;;the cm added that he would try and get prime minister narendramodi to inaugurate the 6-km section, besides giving him the credit for giving faster clearances for the project.
;;0.4019;;buoyed by its performance in delhi assembly polls,aam admi party (aap) is planning to contest all the 26 lok sabha seats in gujarat and take on bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi on his home turf.
;;0.8519;;he urged prime minister narendramodi to announce a special economic package for the development of the border states of punjab and jammu and kashmir to create better job opportunities.
;;0.0258;;chief minister narendramodi is trying to reach out to his partys core voters in the language of the vedas.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and rahul gandhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and rahul gandhi.
;;-0.7506;;after congress vice president rahul gandhis attack on prime minister narendramodi for his raincoat barb on former prime minister manmohan singh, veteran actor anupam kher reminded him of how he insulted singh.
;;0.4019;;b'continuing to back gujarat chief minister narendramodi as a prime ministerial candidate,vishwa hindu parishad leader ashok singhal today said there was lot of support for him in the country.
;;0.7003;;b'congress leader jairam ramesh (express photo by partha paul) congress leader jairam ramesh (express photo by partha paul)congress leader jairam ramesh wednesday favoured that the party directly take on prime minister narendramodi as he remained a challenge.
;;0.0;;the three phone conversations that prime minister narendramodi and trump have had, along with the officials meeting, has shown that the two governments are going to build on this momentum in the years to come, the official said.
;;-0.4588;;b'a day after chief minister mamata banerjee attacked the narendramodi government for bulldozing the federal structure of the country, the cpm and congress lashed out at the trinamool congress chief for her hypocrisy by remaining silent on concerns of federalism during the previous upa government.
;;0.128;;she had been supporting the gst bill of the central government, avoided going to bangladesh with the then pm manmohan singh while later accompanying prime minister narendramodi during his trip to the same country.
;;0.1779;;a day after gujarat chief minister narendramodi was elevated to head the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) election campaign for 2014  much to the anger of party patriarch l k advani  the veteran leader put in his papers today from all posts in the party hierarchy.
;;-0.0772;;advani quits: full text of bjp patriarchs resignation letterin pics: l k advanis career highlightsrelated: narendramodi takes dig at advanirelated: highs and lows of l k advanis careerhe now remains only a primary member of the party.
;;-0.9136;;although state sunderbans development minister manturam pakhira denied the stampede, prime minister narendramodi tweeted about it and announced rs 2 lakh for the next of the kin of the dead and rs 50,000 for those injured.
;;0.7574;;stating that the centre is now providing adequate funds to the state instead of doling out assistance under the garb of special category status, the minister said prime minister narendramodi is very clear in his stand that all states must prosper in a balanced way.
;;0.0;;in an attempt to weed out black money, prime minister narendramodi had announced the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
;;0.3182;;b'prime minister narendramodi unveiled the 300th book penned by prominent jain monk acharya ratnasundersuriji maharaj through a video conference.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi unveiled the 300th book penned by prominent jain monk acharya ratnasundersuriji maharaj through a video conference.
;;0.0;;india has not given communalism to the world but only spirituality, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday, asserting that saints and other learned men have always espoused for rashtra dharma (duty to nation).
;;0.5106;;the project of providing free wi-fi connectivity at 400 railway stations across the country was announced last september during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the google headquarters in the us.
;;0.8957;;b'prime minister modi and king of jordan abdullah ii at delhi airport (source: mea spokesperson raveesh kumar/twitter) prime minister modi and king of jordan abdullah ii at delhi airport (source: mea spokesperson raveesh kumar/twitter)a framework on defence cooperation, a twinning agreement between archaeological sites in agra and petra (jordan), establishment of a centre for excellence in amman by the centre for development of advanced computing (c-dac), and some agreements on health, culture, customs are on the table as the visiting king of jordan abdullah ii bin al-hussein meets prime minister narendramodi on wednesday.
;;0.7506;;meanwhile, chief minister devendra fadnavis briefed prime minister narendramodi about the floods and rescue and relief operations.
;;0.0;;bhatt,who has alleged complicity of chief minister narendramodi in 2002 post-godhra riots,was assistant superintendent of police at the time in jamnagar.
;;0.4767;;turning tablesthere were smiles all around when health minister j p nadda started his press conference on thursday with a mitron, an address that prime minister narendramodi has made his signature.
;;0.0;;the bjp leadership including prime minister narendramodi has repeatedly told the members that their presence in the house should be regular.
;;-0.6808;;making a reference to prime minister narendramodi modis first speech in parliament, he articulated the governments vision as poverty elimination over poverty alleviation.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , chinese president xi jinping and his wife peng liyuan on the sabarmati river front in ahmedabad on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi , chinese president xi jinping and his wife peng liyuan on the sabarmati river front in ahmedabad on wednesday.
;;0.3612;;(source: pti)the brief talk between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping, on the first day of his india visit here on wednesday, was a courtesy discussion and a formal summit meeting between the two leaders will be held in delhi tomorrow, according to ministry of external affairs (mea).
;;0.0;;b'after distributing aid and appliances to differently abled persons in his lok sabha constituency, varanasi, prime minister narendramodi will visit lucknow on january 22 where he will be the chief guest at the sixth convocation of babasaheb bhimrao ambedkar university, a central government university.
;;-0.6765;;vastanvi,who hails from surat,said he did not give a clean chit to gujarat chief minister narendramodi for the 2002 post-godhra riots.
;;-0.4767;;general bajwa, who came to office soon after the cross-border raids ordered by prime minister narendramodi in the wake of the uri attack, has placed kashmir high on his agenda, visiting the kel sector in march, and the shelling-hit bhimber sector in december and february.
;;0.6705;;chief minister narendramodi has written to prime minister manmohan singh pointing out flaws in the food security bill related to entitlements and number of beneficiaries.
;;0.4086;;he had sought removal of the governor after chief minister narendramodi wrote a letter to the prime minister seeking to recall her for appointing justice (retired) r a mehta as lokayukta without his consent.
;;0.296;;reacting to chief minister narendramodi modis remarks that people would forgive the mistakes of a government if it serves them well,the congress on monday said that if he feels he has made a mistake,he should apologise to the nation.
;;0.6486;;referring to modis address to the indian diaspora in the us and canada through video-conference in which the cm had defined secularism as india first and said that people will forgive our mistakes if the government serves them selflessly,the congress spokesman said,i am amazed that someone like narendramodi is teaching secularism to this country.
;;0.3818;;significantly, trump did not reiterate that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to intervene  a clear indication of a back-pedal from his claim last month.
;;-0.296;;commenting on her meeting with the prime minister narendramodi , banerjee said no discussion was held about the presidential election.
;;0.4404;;panneerselvam also thanked prime minister narendramodi and vidyasagar rao for their cooperation.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat radio programme will focus on class x and xii board examinations which will begin from march 9, a day after the last vote is cast in the assembly polls.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat radio programme will focus on class x and xii board examinations which will begin from march 9, a day after the last vote is cast in the assembly polls.
;;0.0;;(pti photo)the election commission has given a go ahead to the next episode of prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat programme to be aired on sunday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has said that he is a sevak and we all are doing seva.
;;0.0;;(files)the ministry of culture on saturday notified a 116-member national committee, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
;;0.0;;on twitter, prime minister narendramodi congratulated her for the phenomenal victory.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi in kenya prime minister narendramodi in kenyaprime minister narendramodi on monday, held talks with kenyan president uhuru kenyatta on a wide range of issues aimed at boosting ties in the african continent, particularly in the economic sphere.
;;-0.4404;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , chief minister k palaniswami raised the april 30 arrests of the five fishermen, hailing from thangachimadam in rameswaram, by lankan navy.
;;0.0;;weeks after he kicked up a storm with his remarks that gujaratis are malnourished because they are vegetarians and because middle-class girls are beauty-conscious,officials of various departments are on their toes preparing for the formal launch of the gujarat state nutrition mission (gsnm) by chief minister narendramodi at a sarpanch sammelan to be held at mahatma mandir in gandhinagar on september 18.
;;0.6597;;pti photothe central governments top law officer, attorney general mukul rohatgi, told supreme court tuesday that the law will prevail over prime minister narendramodi in deciding that people cannot be allowed to deposit demonetised currency after december 30, 2016.
;;0.1531;;the postgraduate institute of medical education and research(pgimer) is planning to invite prime minister narendramodi to lay the foundation stone for two major projects that are coming up at the institute.
;;0.5719;;watch | military on high alert as security operation continues at pathankot air base (app users)meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi held a meeting with top officials, including national security advisor ajit doval and foreign secretary s jaishankar to discuss the attack, on sunday night.
;;-0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi on friday launched a scathing attack on the congress and accused it of closing the files related to babasaheb ambedkar and removing any mention of the latter and his work from the countrys history.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is not a scholar but all those who made him pm are scholars.
;;0.4019;;his comments came in the backdrop of banerjee tuesday declining an invitation to attend prime minister narendramodi modis meeting with the chiefs of political parties on simultaneous lok sabha and assembly polls among other subjects and asking the centre to instead prepare a white paper on one nation, one election for consultations.
;;0.0;;file photo of prime minister narendramodi paying his tribute to lord buddha during his visit to myanmar last year.
;;0.0;;(photo: twitter/@narendramodi) file photo of prime minister narendramodi paying his tribute to lord buddha during his visit to myanmar last year.
;;-0.7506;;(photo: twitter/@narendramodi)prime minister narendramodi on monday said india made no distinction between religions and had no history of attacking other countries or schools of thought.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had introduced the mission in september last year.
;;0.0;;representational image prime minister narendramodi had introduced the mission in september last year.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had introduced the mission in september last year.
;;0.0;;he also plans to urge prime minister narendramodi , other ministers, mps and mlas, and the public to donate their one-month salary to the cgf.
;;0.2023;;on wharton school of university of pennsylvania cancelling gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis keynote address and adani group chairman gautam adani,whose group has a big presence in the bjp-ruled state,also deciding not to participate in the programme scheduled later this month,karat said now the bjp should make it clear whether modi will represent bjp or adani group.
;;0.0;;secretary pompeo called on pm narendramodi to exchange views on various aspects of indo-us relationship.
;;0.4019;;supriyo, who was shifted from the urban development to heavy industries ministry, had sought special permission from prime minister narendramodi to personally supervise the work of this project.
;;-0.3818;;the police claimed the four let operatives were on a mission to kill chief minister narendramodi and were intercepted following an intelligence input.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi congratulated the isro scientists after the successful launch.
;;-0.296;;a day after prime minister narendramodi urged people to visit the sardar sarovar dam in gujarat, villagers in north maharashtras tribal district of nandurbar are a worried lot.
;;0.34;;(source: express photo)indias shot putter inderjeet singh on thursday said that he is innocent and has appealed to prime minister narendramodi to intervene in his doping case and let him fly to rio olympics to take part in the competition.
;;0.7506;;i request the prime minister narendramodi to help me as i am an athlete who has won medals for the country and is now being framed, inderjeet said.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi was also present in the meeting.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken at a cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister narendramodi on wednesday.
;;0.4215;;b'the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , on wednesday approved the launch of ayushman bharat scheme.
;;0.4215;;(file photo) the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , on wednesday approved the launch of ayushman bharat scheme.
;;0.4215;;(file photo)the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , on wednesday approved the launch of ayushman bharat or national health protection mission even though it decided to continue with the upa-era national health mission.
;;-0.1027;;(pti)prime minister narendramodi and singapores former premier goh chok tong on saturday jointly unveiled a plaque to pay tribute at the immersion site of mahatma gandhis ashes at the waterfront clifford pier in the city-state.
;;0.5267;;fakir vaghela,former social justice and empowerment minister in the narendramodi government,passed away on tuesday.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi condoled his colleagues demise.
;;-0.7269;;chief minister narendramodi modis remarks to an urdu weekly that he be publicly hanged if found guilty for the post-godhra riots on thursday drew sharp reactions from congress union ministers who said they were made with the forthcoming assembly elections in mind.
;;0.4588;;in her welcome address to the delegation, chief minister vasundhara raje highlighted prime minister narendramodi modis visit to malaysia in 2015, saying that it was beginning of a new era of economic partnership between two countries and that the malaysian pms present tour was next step in that direction.
;;-0.9393;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday wrote to afghan president ashraf ghani to convey indias condemnation of the heinous terror attacks in kabul and kandahar and reiterated new delhis support to the war-torn nation in its fight against terrorism.
;;-0.4215;;(pti file photo )sharpening her attack against prime minister narendramodi , west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee today likened him to the 14th century delhi king sultan muhammed bin tughlaq, known for his whimsical ways.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi calls on president of kazakhstan nursultan nazarbayev in astana.
;;0.0;;pib photo pm narendramodi calls on president of kazakhstan nursultan nazarbayev in astana.
;;0.4215;;pib photomore than 17 months after prime minister narendramodi met pakistans pm nawaz sharif in lahore, the two met in the leaders lounge at the opera house here, where they exchanged greetings.
;;0.0;;according to a state government official, prime minister narendramodi is likely to visit odisha to review the situation.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with chief minister of andhra pradesh n chandrababu naidu at parliament house in new delhi on friday.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi with chief minister of andhra pradesh n chandrababu naidu at parliament house in new delhi on friday.
;;0.4019;;andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu met prime minister narendramodi and sought special status for the state.
;;0.2263;;on saturday, mayawati charged athawale of working with an aim to achieve bjp and prime minister narendramodi modis goal of dividing dalit votes and making them work as slaves of other parties.
;;0.4939;;he said while some of the congress leaders were opposing the move, others praised prime minister narendramodi for it.
;;-0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi corrected the mistake committed 70 years ago, chouhan said.
;;0.25;;b'the move comes two months after president ram nath kovind endorsed prime minister narendramodi modis call to hold simultaneous elections.
;;0.25;;(representational photo) the move comes two months after president ram nath kovind endorsed prime minister narendramodi modis call to hold simultaneous elections.
;;0.25;;the move comes two months after president ram nath kovind endorsed prime minister narendramodi modis call to hold simultaneous elections.
;;-0.0516;;bhatt had told the commission that the state government was undermining the proceedings of the petition at the sc and held chief minister narendramodi directly responsible for the same.
;;0.0;;read morepm pm narendramodi arrives for the cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.6908;;renuka puriin spite of bjps huge victory in uttar pradesh, cabinet reshuffle unlikely soondespite the opportunity at hand for prime minister narendramodi to bring about a major cabinet reshuffle following the victory in uttar pradesh, top sources in the government said such a rejig is unlikely to happen in a hurry.
;;0.4019;;while the bjp, which leads the government at the centre and in the state, wants prime minister narendramodi to perform the ceremony, the ncp, which leads the pune municipal corporation, wants party chief sharad pawar to perform the bhoomi pujan.
;;0.0387;;let them (opposition parties) say whatever they want to, but the pune metro work will be inaugurated only by prime minister narendramodi on december 24, said pune mp and bjp leader anil shirole.
;;-0.5574;;)india on sunday raised its concern with china over the cpec which runs through pok and terrorism emanating from the region as prime minister narendramodi told chinese president xi jinping the two countries need to be sensitive to each others strategic interests.
;;0.5423;;the congress on thursday asked prime minister narendramodi to apologise for his governments failure to fulfill the poll promise of creating millions of jobs and stop making false claims.
;;0.0;;(source: ani photo)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday visited former union minister and indian union muslim league (iuml) mp from kerala e ahameds residence and offered tributes.
;;0.0;;he had sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention.
;;0.34;;b'a delegation of american lawmakers and businessmen thursday invited gujarat chief minister narendramodi to visit the us and said they would take up the issue of giving him a visa to make the trip with their administration.
;;0.8957;;j&k chief minister mehbooba mufti (file photo) j&k chief minister mehbooba mufti (file photo)a day after her meeting with prime minister narendramodi , jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti on tuesday asked security agencies to increase public-security force interface and engage youth to restore peace in the valley.
;;0.0;;singhs statement came in the wake of odisha chief minister naveen patnaiks letter to prime minister narendramodi expressing his concern over structures and proposed irrigation projects across mahanadi river in chhattisgarh.
;;-0.5267;;the shiv sena on monday criticised prime minister narendramodi over his just-concluded china visit, claiming it was a casual tour during which he avoided taking up crucial bilateral issues with president xi jinping in view of the next years general elections.
;;0.0;;fadnavis comment came amidst rising prices of petrol and diesel over which the opposition has been targeting the narendramodi government.
;;0.6369;;meanwhile, praising prime minister narendramodi , fadnavis said the centre has stood behind his state government like himalayas and all stalled projects were given clearance under modis rule.
;;0.0;;watch video: rbi governor raghuram rajan delivers the first rng lectureswamy had written to prime minister narendramodi in may asking for the dismissal of the reserve bank of india governor.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi with his mother hiraba from an earlier meeting (source: twitter/pmo india/) pm narendramodi with his mother hiraba from an earlier meeting (source: twitter/pmo india/)prime minister narendramodi , who is in his home state gujarat, tweeted tuesday that he skipped yoga, went to meet his mother and had breakfast with her before dawn.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is also attending the event.
;;-0.5719;;the bjp on thursday said that congress would be playing with fire if it uses cbi against gujarat chief minister narendramodi and his colleagues and such efforts would boomerang badly on them.
;;-0.5256;;it was completely wrong, he said, and recalled prime minster narendramodi modis recent remarks pointing out that tamil was older than sanskrit language.
;;0.6369;;reiterating her partys commitment for tamil,she recalled prime minister narendramodi greeting people in that language during meetings here.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , while he was chief minister of gujarat, had let a massacre of around 3,000 muslims happen i am just reminding you of these incidents.
;;0.4019;;he has been addressing rallies, along with prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah.
;;0.765;;meanwhile addressing a programme, singh said, the narendramodi government was working to instill confidence in divyang and their role could be important in programmes like make-in-india.
;;0.5423;;the organisation has written to prime minister narendramodi seeking the prestigious bharat ratna award for the late music maestro.
;;0.6369;;sources said that on being asked by leaders of various parties, the ministers said that the government and bjp would like to finalise the candidate for president before the prime minister narendramodi leaves for his overseas tour on june 24.
;;0.5423;;b'prime minister narendramodi was presented the award by king salman bin abdulaziz at the royal court on the night before his scheduled departure to new delhi.
;;0.5423;;(source: meaindia/twitter) prime minister narendramodi was presented the award by king salman bin abdulaziz at the royal court on the night before his scheduled departure to new delhi.
;;0.5719;;(source: meaindia/twitter)prime minister narendramodi on sunday was conferred the arabian countrys highest civilian honour  the king abdulaziz sash.
;;0.6369;;it is a historic opportunity for prime minister narendramodi to revive it.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday that while his government is trying to unite people, political opponents are trying to create rifts.
;;0.6705;;supporters of both fronts organised beef festivals across the state, cooked meat in the open, and their leaders  chief minister pinarayi vijayan and leader of opposition in state assembly ramesh chennithala  wrote to prime minister narendramodi , seeking withdrawal of the decision.
;;-0.1779;;we want to tell this to prime minister narendramodi , dyfi national president mohammed riyaz, who led the protest, said, according to pti.
;;0.0;;indias achievements in science and technology have been in focus ever since prime minister narendramodi used examples from the mahabharata and ramayana to illustrate the countrys scientific temperament in ancient times.
;;0.4588;;b'prime minister narendramodi works at a charkha at a ceremony to distribute charkhas to women before the national msme awards at punjab agricultural university in ludhiana.
;;0.4588;;(source: pti file photo) prime minister narendramodi works at a charkha at a ceremony to distribute charkhas to women before the national msme awards at punjab agricultural university in ludhiana.
;;-0.3182;;(source: pti file photo)complied by seema chishtithe publication of prime minister narendramodi modis photograph with a charkha on the covers of the annual calendar and diary of khadi and village industries commission, in place of mahatma gandhi has evoked critical reaction.
;;0.4628;;it seems that our prime minister narendramodi does not want to miss any opportunity of personality projection (shakhsiyat parasti) and personal exhibitionism.
;;0.3182;;the daily munsif, in its editorial on january 16, strongly criticised the reported remark of haryanas health minister, anil vij, that narendramodi is a better brand than mahatma gandhi because the currency carrying mahatma gandhis photograph got devalued (qadar kam ho gayee) and there has been no noticeable increase in the sale of khadi.
;;0.4019;;what type of nationalism are narendramodi and the bjp, who claim to be staunch nationalists, demonstrating by keeping silent over the anti-national statement on the issue by a minister of a state belonging to their party?
;;0.6369;;advertisingin a tweet, rupani said prime minister narendramodi held a telephonic discussion with him about the flood situation and assured help from the centre.
;;-0.2023;;delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal delhi chief minister arvind kejriwalchief minister arvind kejriwal today dared prime minister narendramodi and bjp-ruled states to compare their work to that of the delhi government as he alleged that political parties including congress, bjp, sp and ncp have come together to destroy the aap.
;;-0.4019;;this linking of the patriotic slogan to the constitution must be read in a context: over the nearly two years of his tenure, prime minister narendramodi has repeatedly said that he considers the constitution to be the holy book for his government; the last few weeks have seen attempts to force-feed a particular version of nationalism, symbolised by the suspension from the maharashtra assembly of aimim legislator waris pathan last wednesday, for refusing to chant bharat mata ki jai.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister pinarayi vijayan and prime minister narendramodi are birds of the same feather and alleged that both leaders are pursuing a totalitarian attitude, opposition leader ramesh chennithala alleged.
;;-0.4588;;a day after prime minister narendramodi gave a clarion call to the state governments to enforce poverty welfare measures, maharashtra believes reforms to doubling the income in agriculture sector remain key to achieving this target and is also the biggest challenge ahead.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;0.4588;;in the early days of this era, prime minister narendramodi modis invitation to pm nawaz sharif to attend his swearing-in ceremony was supposed to be the grand gesture that helped sweep away decades of mistrust between the two nations.
;;0.5719;;to celebrate the iran visit of prime minister narendramodi , the indian council of cultural relations (iccr) has showcased the indo-persian bond - exalting akbars cultural policies and achievements in the process.
;;0.0;;the circular comes days after prime minister narendramodi had expressed concern about the legibility of prescriptions.
;;0.765;;the former journalist,a muslim,had joined cong before the 2009 lok sabha polls and was made state units spokeswomanin what could boost chief minister narendramodi modis efforts to shed his anti-muslim image,former state congress spokeswoman asifa khan,formerly a journalist who was handpicked by congress president sonia gandhis political adviser ahmed patel to join the party before the 2009 lok sabha elections,joined the bjp on saturday.
;;0.7717;;the defence minister said prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping met during an informal summit at wuhan in 2018 where it was decided that peace and tranquillity will be maintained at the border.
;;0.2732;;he said prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath have been undertaking steps for the betterment of farmers in the state as well as across the country.
;;0.4939;;meghwal said he was inspired by prime minister narendramodi modis appeal to reduce carbon emission and chose to cycle at least for one day every week.
;;0.0516;;according to a source in the chandigarh administration, the grey indian mongoose  the low-profile state animal of chandigarh  is all set to become the symbol for the high-profile event at which prime minister narendramodi will lead thousands of yoga buffs through their bends and stretches at the corbusier-designed capitol complex.
;;0.5267;;decisions taken in the first 100 days of the second term of the nda government were possible because of the inspiration of 130 crore citizens of the country, prime minister narendramodi said sunday.
;;-0.9477;;manchester arena attack: pm narendramodi condemns the attack, says thoughts with families of the deceasedinjured victims taken to hospitalspeople inured in the attack are currently being helped by the north west ambulance services, who told people not to call an ambulance unless in a life saving emergency.
;;-0.7096;;(peter byrne/pa via ap)prime minister narendramodi , in a tweet, said, pained by the attack in manchester.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with king abdullah ii bin al-hussein of jordan at hyderabad house (express photo by anil sharma) prime minister narendramodi with king abdullah ii bin al-hussein of jordan at hyderabad house (express photo by anil sharma)king abdullah ii bin al-hussein of jordan, who is on the last leg of his three-day visit to the country, met prime minister narendramodi at hyderabad house on thursday.
;;0.8074;;source: partha paulreferring to the recent controversy triggered by mahatma gandhis picture being replaced with that of prime minister narendramodi on the khadi and village industries commissions (kvic) calendar, congress mp shashi tharoor on sunday said that many of the freedom fighters values and methods are being misused in pursuance of petty political causes and gains.
;;-0.3612;;he also hit out at congress over its attack on bjp, saying it has no moral right to speak about the father of the nation as it only misused his name and photograph all these years while the bjp government under prime minister narendramodi has promoted his philosophies of khadi and swachhta.
;;0.4215;;the appointments committee of cabinet headed by prime minister narendramodi approved debarment of mahajan, a 1982-batch officer of indian revenue service (income tax), for appointment on central deputation till her date of retirement i.
;;-0.3818;;the big thing ive used this year is the battle for prime minister between narendramodi and rahul gandhi.
;;-0.5106;;in one of his earliest speeches as prime minister, narendramodi had, from the ramparts of the red fort, asked parents why they monitored their daughters habits ruthlessly, when they failed to check their sons behaviour.
;;0.743;;b'there could have been no better time for this win than now,for narendramodi who is facing chief ministers at the internal security meet at delhi and will be at the critical bjp national conclave at goa thursday on.
;;0.765;;he said the government is committed to reducing pendency of cases, an issue highlighted by prime minister narendramodi as well as chief justice of india j s khehar at the event.
;;0.0;;the union minister was speaking in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , uttar pradesh governor ram naik and chief minister yogi adityanath, among others.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi said the derailment of indore-patna express in kanpur dehat was an act of sabotage, the plan for which was hatched across the border.
;;-0.5267;;(express file photo) prime minister narendramodi said the derailment of indore-patna express in kanpur dehat was an act of sabotage, the plan for which was hatched across the border.
;;-0.5267;;last week, while addressing an election rally in gonda, prime minister narendramodi said the derailment of indore-patna express in kanpur dehat was an act of sabotage, the plan for which was hatched across the border.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi with president of turkey, recep tayyip erdogan at hyderabad house in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;pti photo new delhi: prime minister narendramodi with president of turkey, recep tayyip erdogan at hyderabad house in new delhi on monday.
;;-0.836;;a joint statement, issued after extensive talks between prime minister narendramodi and turkish president recep tayyip erdogan, said both sides urged all the countries and entities to work sincerely to disrupt terrorist networks and their financing and stop cross-border movement of terrorists.
;;0.128;;finding loopholes in the implementation of beti bachao-beti padhao (bbbp) campaign launched by prime minister narendramodi in 2015, the comptroller and auditor general (cag) found diversion of funds meant for the campaign in panipat district.
;;0.4019;;former additional director general of police r b sreekumar has demanded adequate security cover for senior ips official sanjiv bhatt and his family following his affidavit in the supreme court implicating chief minister narendramodi and others for their alleged role in the post-godhra riots of 2002.
;;0.0;;(source: ap photo/manish swarup)prime minister narendramodi modis remarks on balochistan, gilgit baltistan and pakistan occupied kashmir at his independence day speech announce a new chapter in india-pakistan relations, one that not only serves to equate kashmir with balochistan but also india with pakistan.
;;0.1027;;it said prime minister narendramodi and his ministers had met jayalalithaa eight times in the last two years and requested goyal and pon radhakrishnan, union minister from tamil nadu who also made similar comments about jayalalithaas regime, to refrain from spreading false propaganda for political gains.
;;0.0;;the cover story in organiser and an article in panchjanya assert that prime minister narendramodi scripted history at davos when he articulated a new global narrative with bharat at its heart.
;;0.0;;the focus was heavily on india whereby prime minister narendramodi was the first indian prime minister to address the summit in two decades.
;;-0.6249;;rjd leader and former cm rabri devi urged prime minister narendramodi to declare the floods as a national disaster.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi , in 2014 had made a distinction between hindu and muslim refugees from bangladesh and arguing that the former should be accommodated.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi , in 2014 had made a distinction between hindu and muslim refugees from bangladesh and arguing that the former should be accommodated.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi , during campaigning in 2014 had made a distinction between hindu and muslim refugees from bangladesh and arguing that the former should be accommodated.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will also be present there to witness the landing.
;;0.4404;;in aggregate, 14 resolutions were moved by madusudanan and seconded by all executive members, one of which thanked jayalalithaa for taking up states issues with prime minister narendramodi in her recent meet with him.
;;-0.2023;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi, who was arrested by the state police while he was on his way to meet the kin of the deceased hit out at prime minister narendramodi , holding him responsible for the situation.
;;0.7717;;prime minister narendramodi will waive off the loans of his rich friends.
;;0.0;;b'minister of state for minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi offering chadar on prime minister narendramodi modis behalf at ajmer sharif dargah of sufi saint khwaja moinuddin chisti in ajmer, rajasthan on sunday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) minister of state for minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi offering chadar on prime minister narendramodi modis behalf at ajmer sharif dargah of sufi saint khwaja moinuddin chisti in ajmer, rajasthan on sunday.
;;0.5719;;(pti photo)union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi sunday offered a chadar on behalf of prime minister narendramodi at the dargah of sufi saint khwaja moinuddin chishti and asserted that the government was committed to ensure development of every section including minorities.
;;0.0;;addressing a gathering after prime minister narendramodi laid the foundation of the sahibganj-manihari ganga bridge, das said the project would bring prosperity to the santhal pargana region by connecting it with bihar, bengal and south-east asian countries, an official release said quoting him.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin will hold an informal summit in the russian city of sochi on monday, and official sources said the possible impact of the us sanctions against russia under caatsa on indo-russia defence cooperation may also figure during the talks between the two leaders.
;;0.0772;;it is yet to be seen if the government agrees to the opposition demand that prime minister narendramodi be a part of the discussion.
;;0.3612;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi reached out to the people of kashmir and indicated his willingness to hold dialogue under the framework of the insaniyat (humanity), jamhuriyat (democracy) and kashmiriyat.
;;0.5423;;nine months after the rollout of prime minister narendramodi modis flagship cashless insurance scheme, pradhan mantri jan arogya yojana (pmjay), e-cards to avail it have been issued to 10 lakh people in the socio-economic caste census (secc) beneficiary population.
;;0.765;;on prime minister narendramodi modis talks with his counterpart from fiji rear admiral (retd) josaia voreqe bainimarama yesterday, swarup said both sides discussed a range of issues including strengthening cooperation in solar energy sector.
;;0.0;;b'congress leader mallikarjun kharge said one needed to inspect the intentions behind pm narendramodi modis statements on cow vigilantism.
;;0.0;;(source: pti/file) congress leader mallikarjun kharge said one needed to inspect the intentions behind pm narendramodi modis statements on cow vigilantism.
;;0.0;;(source: pti/file)congress leader mallikarjun kharge called out prime minister narendramodi modis reaction on the cow vigilantism saying it came a bit too late.
;;0.5423;;ptiprime minister narendramodi stressed on the use of technologies to ease judicial processes and chief justice of india jagdish singh khehar spoke about expeditiously dealing with cases related to triple talaq at the valedictory function of the 150th year celebrations of allahabad high court on sunday.
;;-0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi condemned the attack calling it cowardly and deplorable.
;;0.0;;on the anniversary of the quit india day, on august 9, prime minister narendramodi kicked off, from bhabra in madhya pradesh, the fortnight-long campaign.
;;-0.0772;;faced with mounting pressure, tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam today got into a huddle with the state authorities and decided to meet with prime minister narendramodi seeking an ordinance to allow the age-old sport.
;;0.7579;;the strong leadership of prime minister narendramodi and his keen interest to bolster development of assam and northeastern region has enabled the state to get its dues (oil royalty), which has long been ignored by the previous congress-led upa government, said sonowal, who met union finance minister arun jaitley and petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and other central ministers in new delhi on monday and tuesday.
;;-0.8402;;vinod khanna with then gujarat cm and now prime minister narendramodi during the 2014 lok sabha campaign in pathankot (express archive) vinod khanna with then gujarat cm and now prime minister narendramodi during the 2014 lok sabha campaign in pathankot (express archive)prime minister narendramodi tweeted his condolences to the family of late actor, producer and bjp mp vinod khanna, who died of cancer on thursday.
;;0.0516;;in his first independence day speech, prime minister narendramodi paid tribute to the father of the nation by renewing his pledge to make india free from the filth and garbage that had been piling up for more than 60 years due to poor governance.
;;0.0;;her visit was expected to be followed by prime minister narendramodi to the chinese city qingdao in june this year to attend the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit.
;;-0.3412;;even though he is said to be not in their good books any longer, bookanakere sidalingappa yediyurappa, 76, owes his second coming in karnataka politics to prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.6486;;b'dipa karmakar said she hoped pm narendramodi modis olympics task force would help in getting many medals in the coming olympics.
;;0.6486;;(source: reuters) dipa karmakar said she hoped pm narendramodi modis olympics task force would help in getting many medals in the coming olympics.
;;0.836;;(source: reuters)indias gymnastics star dipa karmakar has welcomed prime minister narendramodi modis announcement of setting up a task force to prepare an action plan for the next three olympic games, and expressed hope that it would yield positive results and the country would get many medals in the upcoming summer games.
;;-0.6249;;(file photo)senior congress leader ghulam nabi azad on wednesday slammed prime minister narendramodi for not speaking in parliament about the ongoing violence in kashmir.
;;0.3182;;i promise that along with bjp government and prime minister narendramodi , we will irrigate every land.
;;0.4215;;source: vishal srivastavthe state bjp on thursday said prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah will be key attractions of the partys much-hyped election campaign, the parivartan yatra, which will start next month from four districts.
;;-0.5719;;i request prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh to grant us the power act (afspa) in this area to deal with the naxal menace, khan said, referring to the armed forces (special powers) acts or afspa, in force in some troubled parts of the country.
;;0.0;;in his keynote address to the shangri la dialogue (sld) in singapore, prime minister narendramodi had articulated indias geopolitical conception of the indo-pacific.
;;-0.9022;;reviving his attack on prime minister narendramodi after the lok sabha poll debacle, rahul accused him and the bjp of spreading hatred and intolerance and said the congress would continue to fight them.
;;0.3182;;reacting to the fresh pitch, rjd leader tejashwi yadav today said kumar should have had a direct word with prime minister narendramodi on the issue, instead of making a plea for the same on social media.
;;0.0;;we are going to plead our case before the 15th finance commission set up by the narendramodi government, singh said.
;;-0.9118;;france on monday welcomed prime minister narendramodi modis proposal for a global conference to tackle the threat of terrorism, saying the fight against terror is at the heart of its priorities.
;;0.296;;less than 12 hours after the ministry of external affairs official spokesperson raveesh kumar denied us president donald trumps claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir, external affairs minister s jaishankar said in parliament tuesday he would like to categorically assure that the prime minister had made no such request.
;;-0.8074;;(congress twitter)launching an all-out attack against prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi on monday questioned why the self-proclaimed chowkidar of the country was mum on the punjab national bank fraud and corruption allegations against bjp chief amit shahs son jay.
;;-0.7003;;(file photo)keralas opposition leader ramesh chennithala on thursday wrote to prime minister narendramodi demanding an inquiry into alleged attempt to cover up the status of indian union muslim league leader e ahameds health before his death on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: ap)prime minister narendramodi wished the india womens cricket team on sunday minutes before they took the field against england in the final of the icc womens world cup.
;;0.0;;@bcciwomen  narendramodi (@narendramodi) july 23, 2017captain mithali raj has been leading from the front.
;;0.9382;;remember, catches win matches :) @imsushverma  narendramodi (@narendramodi) july 23, 2017jhulan goswami is india's pride, whose wonderful bowling helps the team in key situations.
;;0.0;;in goa, xi will meet prime minister narendramodi and a host of other leaders, including heads of the bimstec (bangladesh, bhutan, nepal, sri lanka, myanmar and thailand) countries who have been invited to the goa summit.
;;0.0;;pti photo / pibmauritian prime minister pravind jugnauth today arrived here on a three-day visit to india, during which he will meet his indian counterpart narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee.
;;0.7269;;prime minister narendramodi is admired by the armed forces and he had fulfilled many of their long-pending demands including that of one rank one pension, said smriti irani.
;;0.7269;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi is admired by the armed forces and he had fulfilled many of their long-pending demands including that of one rank one pension, said smriti irani.
;;0.7269;;(file photo)union minister smriti irani on wednesday said the armed forces admired the leadership of prime minister narendramodi who had fulfilled many of their long-pending demands including the one rank one pension.
;;0.5423;;watch what else is making newsall the officers and soldiers admire the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and defence minister manohar parrikar who have been fulfilling their demands, she said.
;;-0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi and defence minister manohar parrikar ended the 40-year-long struggle, she said.
;;0.7096;;b'criticising the previous upa government, modi said that the government had used ambedkars name for political gains criticising the previous upa government, modi said that the government had used ambedkars name for political gainsdays after vandalism of ambedkar statue was reported in different states, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday hit out at political parties for politicising the legacy of the dalit icon and said, no regime had honoured the dalit icon ambedkar like his government had.
;;0.7184;;the long-pending teesta water sharing agreement remained elusive primarily due to opposition to it by banerjee who was present with prime minister narendramodi and his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina during launch of new train and bus services between the two countries yesterday.
;;-0.4184;;b'senior congress leader jairam ramesh (express photo) senior congress leader jairam ramesh (express photo)a day after prime minister narendramodi rued that rajya sabha failed to pass the compensatory afforestation fund bill, congress saturday hit out at the government for not accepting the amendments proposed by opposition parties.
;;0.2942;;prime minister narendramodi , taking to twitter, hailed the passage of the bill: an archaic and medieval practice has finally been confined to the dustbin of history!
;;0.6597;;with just 100 days left in barack obamas presidency, a top american think-tank has suggested the new us president should meet prime minister narendramodi within first 100 days to strongly signal importance of continuing close relations between the two countries.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi during his address at new yorks madison square garden in 2014.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi during his address at new yorks madison square garden in 2014.
;;0.0;;(file photo)believed to be planned along the lines of his madison square garden address in 2014, prime minister narendramodi is expected to speak to the indian diaspora in houston, texas during his proposed visit in june, the hindu reported.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has been featured on the cover page of american news magazine time for its may 20, 2019 edition.
;;0.0;;compiled by seema chishtipm narendramodi modis visit to israel has been discussed widely.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.0;;(file) prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping.
;;-0.4019;;an issue is being made out of this as some people have problems with prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.3818;;after the congress slammed prime minister narendramodi for taking actor akshay kumar on board a naval warship, the shiv sena on saturday came out in kumars support, stating that it was childish on part of congress to bring up the issue and that the actor was a true hindustani.
;;-0.0258;;advertisingin an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana, the sena, on the row over ins viraat being used 35 years ago as a private taxi by then late prime minister rajiv gandhi, said: the congress has brought out a childish matter of prime minister narendramodi taking bollywood actor akshay kumar on a naval warship.
;;0.128;;the digilocker mobile app was launched by prime minister narendramodi in july, 2015.
;;-0.8689;;the cbi claimed that the fir about the encounter  which said the four were lashkar-e-toiba terrorists out to kill gujarat chief minister narendramodi  was drafted before it took place.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to attend a meeting of bjps jammu and kashmir core group on tuesday, with top party leaders, including its chief amit shah, set to discuss political atmosphere and partys preparedness for assembly elections whenever they are held, sources said.
;;0.3182;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi was expected to visit the fair and we were planning to set up 300 stalls.
;;0.7717;;in a meeting on tuesday, the state leaders of sangh parivar said that they want the bjps kerala unit to cash in on the popularity enjoyed by prime minister narendramodi for the lok sabha polls, said sources.
;;0.0;;responding to a sub-question whether any consultation over the issue between india and china have been held in recent bilateral meetings, singh said, prime minister narendramodi met his counterpart li keqiang in may 2015.
;;0.0;;bhubaneswar: prime minister narendramodi , l k advani, amit shah and arun jeitley at partys national executive meet in bhubaneswar on saturday.
;;0.0;;pti photo bhubaneswar: prime minister narendramodi , l k advani, amit shah and arun jeitley at partys national executive meet in bhubaneswar on saturday.
;;0.0258;;seeking to consolidate its support among the other backward classes (obc), it passed a separate resolution at its national executive meeting hailing prime minister narendramodi , who comes from an obc caste, for the legislation and condemning rivals for blocking it in the rajya sabha.
;;0.296;;the partys 2012 victory prompted a flurry of analyses of how the bjps prospects in the 2014 parliamentary polls might have shifted,and of the viability of chief minister narendramodi as a prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.4588;;in his first multilateral engagement post the lok sabha elections, prime minister narendramodi on thursday arrived in kyrgyzstans bishkek to attend the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi and his nepal counterpart k p oli will inaugurate the motihari-amalekhgunj petroleum pipeline on tuesday from their respective offices in new delhi and kathmandu.
;;0.3818;;gupta gave credit for the policy to prime minister narendramodi , union urban development minister venkaiah naidu and delhi l-g anil baijal.
;;0.0;;b'hangzhou: prime minister narendramodi at the opening session of g20 summit in hangzhou, china on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo hangzhou: prime minister narendramodi at the opening session of g20 summit in hangzhou, china on sunday.
;;0.5106;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi made a strong pitch for australian pension fund investments and saudi participation in the national investment and infrastructure fund (niif) in his bilateral meetings with prime minister malcolm turnbull and deputy crown prince mohammad bin salman sunday.
;;0.0;;(express photos)days before the government marks its fourth year, prime minister narendramodi reshuffled portfolios of his ministers, temporarily assigning finance ministry and corporate affairs to piyush goyal during the period of indisposition of finance minister arun jaitley who underwent a renal transplant surgery on monday.
;;-0.25;;the temporary lecturers have further said in a letter to chief minister narendramodi that the payment of the temporary teachers is not at par with the permanent lecturers,which is a violation of university grants commissions notification number f3-1/2009 dated june 26,2010.
;;-0.8176;;after saturdays attack, several aap leaders attacked the centre directly  deputy chief minister manish sisodia alleged that prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah were trying to break kejriwals morale, but having failed, they were resorting to such tactics.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had also visited the ailing leader yesterday who was undergoing dialysis at the aiims.
;;0.3182;;even prime minister narendramodi had declared that after coming to power in the state he will make sure the government takes the decision to waive off farmers loans in its first cabinet meeting.
;;-0.7272;;(source: pti file photo)days after his intolerance remarks, bollywood star aamir khan on saturday said india is very tolerant but there are people who spread hatred and appealed to prime minister narendramodi to rein them in.
;;-0.4404;;on the opposition criticising him for not meeting prime minister narendramodi on issues like the sutlej yamuna link canal, gst and farmers problems, khattar said he had discussed them with the prime minister.
;;0.4588;;(pti photo)in their 14th meeting in four years, prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping on saturday carried forward the wuhan spirit and decided to strengthen communication between the militaries of the two countries.
;;0.3818;;(ap photo)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday reiterated indias commitment to eliminate tuberculosis by 2025, five years ahead of the global target of 2030.
;;-0.0516;;b'yogeshwar dutt and several other athletes met pm narendramodi before they leave for rio 2016 olympics.
;;-0.0516;;(source: twitter) yogeshwar dutt and several other athletes met pm narendramodi before they leave for rio 2016 olympics.
;;0.4588;;(source: twitter)prime minister narendramodi on monday meet the indian athletes who will represent the country at the forthcoming olympic games in rio de janeiro, brazil and wished them luck.
;;0.0;;read: narendramodi to meet rio 2016 olympics-bound athletesmore athletes are likely to qualify in the coming days, and the sports ministry and the ioa are expecting more than 110 to represent the country in the games.
;;0.0;;photos: narendramodi meets rio 2016 olympics-bound indian athletes, see picsthe indian womens hockey team along with chief coach neil hawgood and coach c r kumar were also in attendance.
;;0.4588;;karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah (files) karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah (files)the letter by karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah on april 23 to prime minister narendramodi , stating that the karnataka government is strongly opposed to the formation of the cauvery management board, might be used by the centre to seek a 10-day extension from the supreme court for submitting the draft scheme in the cauvery river dispute case.
;;0.4201;;prime minister narendramodi , he said, is very keen to make northeast region a tourist hub.
;;-0.4767;;taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi , who has been calling himself the countrys chowkidar (watchman), west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on thursday said chowkidar jhootha hain (the watchman is a liar) and that his lies have been exposed.
;;-0.6249;;b'cpi (m) general secretary sitaram yechury express photo by amit mehra cpi (m) general secretary sitaram yechury express photo by amit mehraslamming prime minister narendramodi modis independence day speech, cpm general secretary sitaram yechury on thursday said that the pm, during his red fort performance, only mentioned atrocities in balochistan and forgot to touch upon the dalit rally at una in gujarat and the ongoing violence in kashmir.
;;-0.6808;;branding the foreign policy of the narendramodi government as knee-jerk diplomacy, yechury said the centre should immediately send an all-party delegation to kashmir and start talks with pakistan to address the issue of terrorism.
;;0.3182;;(source: vikas swarup / twitter photo)prime minister narendramodi embarks on a five-nation visit to afghanistan, qatar, switzerland, the us and mexico on saturday to strengthen ties with these countries.
;;0.802;;share this article related article pm modi inaugurates stor palace, says indians will always be with afghanistanpm modi inaugurates stor palace, says indians will always be with afghanistan pm narendramodi back in india after concluding five-nation tourpm narendramodi back in india after concluding five-nation tour pm modi heads home after 5-nation tourpm modi heads home after 5-nation tour pm modi arrives in mexico, holds restricted level talks with president enrique pea nietopm modi arrives in mexico, holds restricted level talks with president enrique pea nieto pm modi conferred afghanistan's highest civilian honourpm modi conferred afghanistan's highest civilian honour narendramodi , ashraf ghani discuss bilateral ties, securitythe focus of this trip will be to enhance indias engagement in areas of trade, energy and security, besides pushing for its membership of the nuclear suppliers group (nsg).
;;0.0;;the congress today dared prime minister narendramodi to sack chief minister raman singh.
;;0.0;;tripathi wrote the letters after attending a governors conference in delhi which was attended by prime minister narendramodi and president ram nath kovind on june 4.
;;0.0772;;on a day prime minister narendramodi heaped praise on the haryana government, swaraj india president yogendra yadav one again challenged chief minister manohar lal khattar for an open debate on the issue of unemployment in the state.
;;0.0258;;(express photo by lalit kumar/archives)on march 13, prime minister narendramodi , while inaugurating the india end-tb summit in new delhi, announced that india commits to end or eliminate tuberculosis by 2025, five years ahead of the global target set under the un sustainable development goals (sdgs).
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , on tuesday approved a proposal to transfer 50.
;;0.3818;;chief minister siddaramaiah had stated that he would meet prime minister narendramodi and request him to call a meeting of the chief ministers of both states to resolve the issue.
;;0.0;;in fact, it can lead a second green revolution  this time from the east, as prime minister narendramodi said during his visit to odisha early this year.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)keen to do business with indian railways, senior representatives of talgo, the spanish lightweight train coach maker, are likely to meet prime minister narendramodi during his spain visit on may 30.
;;0.3818;;the credit goes to prime minister narendramodi , singh said.
;;0.0;;advertisinghowever, his proximity and the long association with prime minister narendramodi since their days in gujarat sets him apart from his senior colleagues in the cabinet.
;;0.4019;;though the portfolios for ministers were not announced until late evening, prime minister narendramodi clearly signalled his political weight in the government by placing him as second most senior in the ministerial pecking order just after rajnath singh, home minister in the previous government.
;;0.0;;read | full list of prime minister narendramodi modis council of ministersstarting as a polling agent of the bjp in the naranpura ward of ahmedabad in 1984-85, amit shah, 54, has risen through the ranks.
;;0.34;;chief minister narendramodi had also raised the issue in several internal security meets held under the chairpersonship of the prime minister.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi during his campaign here, the lok sabha constituency of kharge, attacked the congress for sidelining the dalit leader and chosing siddaramaiah to head the government in 2013.
;;0.296;;with bjp setting a target of winning at least 150 seats out of the total 182, in the home state of prime minister narendramodi , garnering maximum seats in the tribal belt of eastern gujarat is crucial for the party.
;;0.7506;;addressing party workers, shah said: when narendramodi was chief minister, we won 127 seats.
;;-0.0516;;congress president rahul gandhi in his address to the congress 84th plenary session on sunday launched a scathing attack against prime minister narendramodi , the bjp and his nda government but admitted that the last upa government fell short of peoples expectations.
;;0.3818;;the next day, prime minister narendramodi said its a different matter that she has apologised, i will not be able to forgive her from my heart.
;;0.34;;one expression of that was the phone call initiated by ajit doval, national security advisor to prime minister narendramodi and there has been a follow up phone call.
;;0.4767;;with farmers ending lives in the parched saurashtra region in an election year,chief minister narendramodi on tuesday announced an ambitious rs 10,000-crore irrigation project,to be called saurashtra narmada avtaran irrigation yojana (sauni),which aims to fill all 115 dams in the region with narmada water by interlinking a total of 87 rivers.
;;0.3818;;after prime minister narendramodi announced the withdrawal of old currency notes of rs 1,000 and rs 500 on november 8, 2016, atms across the country had to be recalibrated to fit new notes of rs 2,000 and rs 500.
;;0.0;;it was on his invitation that prime minister narendramodi had come to attend the ram leela in lucknows aishbagh last year.
;;-0.7003;;pti photothe bahujan samaj party (bsp) on sunday lashed out at prime minister narendramodi over scam remark and asked the former to look into the scams made under the bjp-led nda government.
;;0.4588;;addressing a rally in meerut on saturday, prime minister narendramodi launched a combined attack on the samajwadi party-congress alliance and bahujan samaj party (bsp) supremo mayawati.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday announced in kerala that india will ratify the paris climate deal made in paris last year on october 2, the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
;;0.6808;;(representational image)prime minister narendramodi on sunday assured chief justice j s khehar that his government will make all efforts to back his resolve to reduce burden on the judiciary and pendency of cases.
;;0.0;;on the second day of his campaign blitz in mumbai, shiv senas executive president uddhav thackeray tore into prime minister narendramodi over demonetisation.
;;-0.128;;earlier in the day, prime minister narendramodi also made an appeal to the people of karnataka and tamil nadu to find a solution through restraint and mutual dialogue, adding that he was personally pained at the developments.
;;0.2732;;the recommendation assumes significance as president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi have pitched for simultaneous lok sabha and assembly polls.
;;0.3612;;a vocal kejriwal loyalist, mishra often took on the bjp and prime minister narendramodi on social media.
;;-0.4767;;continuing with its attack on prime minister narendramodi over demonetisation, the aap today formed human chain and put banners over major flyovers in the city.
;;-0.1027;;hours after the union government passed an executive order monday revoking article 370, the special status conferred to jammu-kashmir, former finance minister arun jaitley congratulated prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah for correcting a historical wrong.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has been propagating the idea of simultaneous elections to parliament and state legislatures, holding the view that continuous polls affect development and halt the decision-making process.
;;-0.3182;;dinsha patel had contested against chief minister narendramodi from maninagar in 2007 and had lost by 87,121 votes.
;;0.4019;;media reports suggest that bjp, which has been vocal against the liquor law, came in support of it after prime minister narendramodi patted kumar on prohibition at the 350th prakash parva function on january 5.
;;0.0;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi today met shiv sena president uddhav thackeray at the latters residence here,first time after his elevation as the chief of bjps election campaign committee.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had unveiled the statue on november 14, 2015.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi on thursday said the work to cover sub- and branch-canals network of the sardar sarovar narmada project (spread over one lakh kilometres) with solar panels will start soon.
;;-0.5859;;chief minister arvind kejriwal tuesday stepped up his attack on prime minister narendramodi and lieutenant governor najeeb jung, accusing the lt governor of snooping for the pm and relaying information pertaining to the delhi government to the prime ministers office (pmo).
;;0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi modis national security apparatus has been force-fed crow by its critics.
;;0.7096;;he had the opportunity to discuss the operations with prime minister narendramodi there, for the first time since intelligence reports had first come in.
;;0.0;;advertisingthis is according to data accessed by the indian express under the right to information (rti) act, which also show that in its first tenure, prime minister narendramodi modis government spent a total of rs 5,726 crore between may 2014 and march 10, 2019, on publicity.
;;-0.8126;;the recent secular rise in bond yields, reflected in a surge of over 100 basis points in the past year the recent secular rise in bond yields, reflected in a surge of over 100 basis points in the past yearin a combative speech in parliament only days ago, prime minister narendramodi had pinned the blame for the bad loans mess on the congress.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi visiting after inaugurating the chenani-nashri tunnel, in chenani (j&k) on sunday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi visiting after inaugurating the chenani-nashri tunnel, in chenani (j&k) on sunday.
;;0.0;;2 kilometre long chenani nashri tunnel, inaugurated by the prime minister, narendramodi on sunday, is expected to change these perceptions.
;;0.296;;b'prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo)in his first mann ki baat address of 2016, prime minister narendramodi pitched for efforts to spread awareness about the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana (prime minister crop insurance scheme) to enable at least 50 per cent of the countrys farmers to join it in the next couple of years.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday inaugurated the chenani-nashri tunnel on jammu-srinagar national highway, the longest in india.
;;0.0;;#watch live from j&k: pm narendramodi inaugurates chenani-nashri tunnel http://t.
;;-0.2732;;read also: 10 facts about indias longest tunnelmeanwhile, normal life was affected in kashmir valley due to strike called by separatist groups against prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the state for inauguration of chenani-nashri tunnel.
;;0.0;;allowed by speaker sumitra mahajan to express his objection, roy said the bill is illegal as the demonetisation statement made by prime minister narendramodi was without any notification and it should have come from the rbi as it is the central bank which promises to pay the bearer of a currency note its real value.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi inspecting the guard of honour during the prime ministers ncc rally, in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.5719;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi inspecting the guard of honour during the prime ministers ncc rally, in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.4939;;pti photostressing on unity as the cornerstone of indias strength, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said life of a ncc cadet is beyond the uniform, the parade and the camps as it provides a sense of mission.
;;0.0;;(express photo by vishal srivastav)a day after prime minister narendramodi and nepal prime minister k p oli flagged off the janakpur-ayodhya bus service, the first batch of 66 pilgrims arrived here on saturday morning, around 8.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi recently concluded a two day trip to neighbouring nepal.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@narendramodi) prime minister narendramodi recently concluded a two day trip to neighbouring nepal.
;;0.0516;;when rahul gandhi has already said he stands on the same page with prime minister narendramodi on the issue of surgical strikes and after that someone from the same party gives such a statement, then this is baseless, said azmi.
;;0.3818;;during their campaign rallies in the state, prime minister narendramodi and tmc chief mamata banerjee claimed credit for the enclave exchange.
;;-0.9062;;(source: ani)prime minister narendramodi on saturday offered his condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in the varanasi stampede that killed at least 19 and injured several others.
;;-0.2732;;normal life was affected in kashmir valley due to strike called by separatist groups against prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the state for inauguration of chenani-nashri tunnel, the longest in the country, on srinagar-jammu national highway.
;;0.4588;;a year after prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the statue of unity, a grand event will mark the anniversary in october.
;;0.0;;i have taken up these issues with prime minister narendramodi and other leaders of the present government.
;;0.4767;;bilateral ties have improved in the last few years, particularly with prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the uae in 2015, which marked the first by an indian prime minister in nearly 34 years.
;;0.3182;;amid the ongoing tussle between the delhi government and lieutenant governors office, kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan on thursday wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi and sought his intervention to find a solution to the impasse.
;;0.4939;;the legal debate aheadaccording to one party leader, it appears that only prime minister narendramodi and shah were aware of the complete plan, and senior ministers were given information on piecemeal basis.
;;0.0;;lauding shahs move, prime minister narendramodi today tweeted, home minister @amitshah jis speech in rajya sabha was extensive and insightful.
;;-0.7964;;the nanavati commission,probing the 2002 riot case was also dragged to court by an ngo which asked it to clarify if it intended to call chief minister narendramodi for cross examination regarding the post-godhra riots.
;;-0.8442;;during the year gone by,a key witness in the naroda patiya case of post-godhra riots amina abbas belif identified former minister in narendramodi government maya kodnani,who is one of the accused in the case,before the court and alleged that she saw her fire from a weapon.
;;0.5423;;(reuters photo)the then us president barack obama used his african-american card to win over prime minister narendramodi during the last phase of negotiations at the paris summit in late 2015, where india was the last holdout as its officials were the toughest negotiators, says a book on his presidency.
;;0.7717;;(source: ap/file)the members of the missile technology control regime (mtcr), a key anti-proliferation grouping, have agreed to admit india, diplomats said, in a win for prime minister narendramodi as he meets president barack obama in washington on tuesday.
;;0.8481;;i thank prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah for clearing my name and giving me a responsibility to contribute to states development, which is bound to see a fast-track double-engine growth with the nda at the centre and jai ram thakur in the state.
;;-0.5563;;as one who is thought of as belonging to the world of culture, i would say that the first two years of the narendramodi government have been the most disturbing times that i can recall.
;;0.0;;it is not that prime minister narendramodi has stood up at the ramparts of the red fort and made a proclamation to the effect that india that is bharat has one culture, in body, mind and soul, and its name is hindutva.
;;-0.0772;;daggers, pagris, paintings, shawls, and no less than a thousand portraits of prime minister narendramodi by various artists, which adorn the walls of national gallery of modern art here, will be auctioned to raise funds for the centres namami gange project.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi had in october last termed the government as the biggest litigant and had pushed for a need to lessen the load on the judiciary which spends its maximum time in tackling cases where the government is a party.
;;-0.6705;;saeed, on his part, blamed the bonhomie between prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump for the action in a video message issued before his arrest.
;;0.2263;;procurement of new rakes forms a major part of rs 10,947-crore worth mumbai urban transport project iii projects, which were inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on his visit to mumbai in december last year.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with his mauritius counterpart pravind jugnauth in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by renuka puri) prime minister narendramodi with his mauritius counterpart pravind jugnauth in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.7906;;(source: express photo by renuka puri)in a bid to ramp up bilateral cooperation on maritime security, india and mauritius on saturday signed a maritime security agreement after extensive talks between prime minister narendramodi and the visiting mauritius pm pravind jugnauth.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at gujarat chief minister narendramodi and calling him nirantar virodhi (a perennial opponent),union minister kapil sibal on tuesday alleged that several claims made by the bjps prime ministerial candidate for 2014 assembly polls were false.
;;0.0;;there is a person called narendramodi nirantar virodhi, sibal said while addressing students of delhi universitysst stephens college as part of the mukherjee lecture series.
;;-0.7311;;hours after chief minister narendramodi modis address in delhi in which he accused guajrat governor kamla beniwal for blocking a bill seeking to reserve 50 per cent of seats in local bodies for women,the state congress on monday circulated a letter by the governor that showed she instead welcomed it but only rejected its provisions of making voting compulsory.
;;0.0;;besides amit shah, prime minister narendramodi may also visit bilaspur to lay foundation stone for aiims and hydro engineering college in february.
;;0.0;;tashi tobgyal narendramodi with prince sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.9118;;prime minister narendramodi and crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohamed bin zayed al nahyan had held comprehensive talks yesterday on bilateral, regional and international issues after which the two sides signed a comprehensive strategic partnership agreement and over a dozen pacts in key areas like defence, security, trade and energy.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi in a meeting with crown prince of abu dhabi mohammed bin zayed al nahyan.
;;0.0;;(pib photo) pm narendramodi in a meeting with crown prince of abu dhabi mohammed bin zayed al nahyan.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi modis independence day speech openly invoked balochistan, a sensitive issue and an internal matter of pakistan.
;;0.0;;the team was shown the half-an hour-long video clips by the police,which they had shot while detaining taviad from her office on zalod road on may 1,the day chief minister narendramodi was to preside over state-level function of the foundation day of gujarat.
;;0.3167;;a crucial meeting to review the most favoured nation status to pakistan, which was to be chaired by prime minister narendramodi on thursday morning, was postponed.
;;-0.3612;;watch video: night after surgical strikes: pm narendramodi to review situationnew judgesrelations between the government and the judiciary seem to be showing signs of a thaw.
;;-0.3818;;cpi national secretary k narayana on thursday said prime minister narendramodi should condemn the attempt to manhandle cpi-m general secretary sitaram yechury by two members of a fringe hindutva outfit.
;;0.2732;;amid serious deliberations on kashmir and trade, prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump shared some light moments before the reporters monday.
;;0.25;;#watch france: us president donald trump jokes with prime minister narendramodi during the bilateral meeting on the sidelines of #g7summit.
;;-0.1779;;indian prime minister narendramodi on saturday visited the base, at pathankot in the northern state of punjab, where he was briefed on how security forces had responded to end the attack.
;;0.7003;;(file photo)the people of kerala should elect the bjp to play the role of a strong umpire to prevent the congress and cpm from looting the state, prime minister narendramodi said in his first election rally in kerala on friday.
;;0.0;;the second is with prime minister narendramodi at the felicitation programme held in new delhi earlier this month.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi quietly watched the goings-on.
;;0.738;;the change, which comes after prime minister narendramodi modis new years eve promise of universalising the maternity benefit scheme, would almost halve the number of beneficiaries if the scheme is limited to the first child.
;;0.0;;(source: mea spokesperson raveesh kumar/twitter)deviating from protocol, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday received king abdullah of jordan at delhi airport who is on a three-day visit to new delhi.
;;-0.5267;;punjab congress president partap singh bajwa on sunday accused gujarat chief minister narendramodi of fanning communal hatred and working against the interest of minority communities.
;;0.4215;;javadekar, who earlier held independent charge as the minister of state was the only minister promoted to the cabinet rank in the major cabinet reshuffle by prime minister narendramodi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday tweeted congratulating president donald trump.
;;-0.1027;;b'a scuffle broke out on saturday between visiting chinese media and indian security officials at the taj exotica hotel here just before the meeting between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping over access.
;;0.0;;after his victory, jitendra singh said the journey of development that began under prime minister narendramodi will continue.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi has instructed bjp mps to embark on padayatra in their constituencies and cover a distance of 150 km between october 2 and october 31, the birth anniversaries of mahatma gandhi and vallabhbhai patel respectively, parliamentary affairs minister prahlad joshi said tuesday.
;;0.0;;the nda government led by prime minister narendramodi completed 100 days after coming to power for a second consecutive term with a massive mandate.
;;0.4215;;the nc leader even took a jibe at chief minister mufti sayeed hugging prime minister narendramodi during government formation.
;;-0.6597;;voicing support for right to reject as a voting option,chief minister narendramodi said saturday the concept of electing a lesser evil in the country has to be done away with sooner or later.
;;0.9001;;prime minister narendramodi on friday extended his best wishes to people all over india celebrating multiple festivals today.
;;-0.4215;;and shortly after modis tweets came a scathing attack from jaitley, who accused the election commission of using the security card to prevent narendramodi modis right to campaign in his constituency.
;;0.0;;advertisingfew moments in 9 hours: how pakistan got a very cold shoulderprime minister narendramodi and his pakistani counterpart imran khan were in the same room for about nine hours over two days in bishkek, but the shoulder could not have been colder.
;;0.7717;;on the eve of republic day, russian president vladimir putin on wednesday greeted president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi , saying special and privileged strategic partnership with india is an invariable priority in russias foreign policy.
;;0.7717;;(source: ap photo) on the eve of republic day, russian president vladimir putin on wednesday greeted president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi , saying special and privileged strategic partnership with india is an invariable priority in russias foreign policy.
;;0.7717;;(source: ap photo)on the eve of republic day, russian president vladimir putin on wednesday greeted president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi , saying special and privileged strategic partnership with india is an invariable priority in russias foreign policy.
;;0.0;;(express photo by renuka puri)prime minister narendramodi will be on a two-day visit to gujarat from monday, during which he will attend the annual general meeting of african development bank in gandhinagar and inaugurate some developmental projects.
;;0.5994;;(source: express photo by anil sharma/file)ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the us, the pentagon has said there are opportunities to further expand bilateral military co-operation and it is looking forward to enhancing relations with india.
;;0.3182;;in a letter purportedly written to prime minister narendramodi , sharief supported bhagwats candidacy and said nobody should have objections about it.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;putin met prime minister narendramodi for the annual bilateral summit.
;;0.7391;;read: narendramodi in russia: pm holds talks with vladimir putin on wide-ranging issuesi am glad to have this opportunity to meet you and discuss the whole spectrum of bilateral relations and international relations, the russian president told modi.
;;0.2023;;opposition members referred to a report in the indian express on the election commissions (ec)s letter to prime minister narendramodi four months ago seeking urgent funds for vvpat machines before the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;the farmers also reportedly urged chief minister narendramodi last year to close down the fetp,which was inaugurated by him in january 2007.
;;0.7003;;many top bjp leaders, including prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah, are expected to visit advanis residence to greet him.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with wef founder klaus schwab, swiss president alain berset in davos tuesday.
;;0.0;;(photo: reuters) prime minister narendramodi with wef founder klaus schwab, swiss president alain berset in davos tuesday.
;;0.5423;;this optimism explains the unmistakable buzz about india at davos with prime minister narendramodi leading the largest ever government and business delegation to the summit and becoming the first ever indian pm to deliver the opening plenary.
;;0.1027;;(representational image)the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , cleared the election commissions proposal to buy new voter verifiable paper audit trail (vvpat) machines on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao who met prime minister narendramodi today new delhi made a case for increasing reservations to communities based on their educational and economic backwardness, and suggested that how much percentage of reservation is to be given for education and employment sectors should be left to the discretion of the states.
;;0.0;;if india is genuinely concerned about the influx, prime minister narendramodi should have told myanmar during his visit there not to drive out the rohingya.
;;-0.9217;;it said on july 13, prime minister narendramodi condemned a rise in deadly mob attacks on cattle traders, consumers of beef, and dairy farmers, and said killing persons in the name of protecting cows was unacceptable.
;;-0.4404;;b'mocking the elevation of gujarat chief minister narendramodi as bjps campaign committee head for 2014 elections,apparently to the chagrin of patriarch l k advani,congress today said that bjps national executive meeting was akin to a saas-bahu daily soap.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on his way from the airport to the circuit house in surat, sunday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on his way from the airport to the circuit house in surat, sunday.
;;0.6494;;(pti photo)the communist party of india (cpi) on wednesday said prime minister narendramodi modis latest assertion on the unrest in jammu and kashmir and cow vigilantes is a desperate attempt to save bharatiya janata party and sangh parivar outfits, which stand thoroughly exposed and are questioned by all sections of the society.
;;0.8689;;b'reacting to prime minister narendramodi modis latest speech focusing on agriculture  intended to attract rural voters in the forthcoming assembly elections in west bengal, kerala and assam  state congress general secretary and party spokesperson nishit vyas said that modis promises were only for political purposes and not for any real benefit to the farmers as had been proved in gujarat.
;;-0.7101;;(representative image)prime minister narendramodi was annoyed by the negative media coverage on kashmir and felt that his ministers were not doing a good job of explaining the true facts to journalists.
;;-0.1531;;bonanza for bookin 2012, jayesh shah, a resident of ahmedabad, wrote a book in gujarati claiming that narendramodi had made many tall claims and he wanted to expose them.
;;-0.296;;indian fareat the g20 meet in hangzhou, china, the host government made arrangements so that prime minister narendramodi could eat indian food, which he is accustomed to, rather than chinese meals where vegetarian fare is sometimes suspect.
;;-0.1779;;two months ago, the bjp had been upset with congress hoardings showing prime minister narendramodi in a suit, with the text referring to it as worth rs 15 lakh.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi interacts with schoolchildren in naya raipur on thursday.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi interacts with schoolchildren in naya raipur on thursday.
;;-0.8176;;pti photodevelopment is the only answer to violence and conspiracy, prime minister narendramodi said during a rally in bhilai on thursday.
;;-0.4767;;a letter found in the house of a person arrested for alleged maoist links talks about the ultras mulling a rajiv gandhi-type incident and suggesting that prime minister narendramodi should be targeted during his road shows, according to pune police.
;;0.0;;last month, congress president sonia gandhi had held a roadshow in prime minister narendramodi modis lok sabha constituency of varanasi, which also falls in the same region.
;;-0.34;;(source: pti)through his programme mann ki baat, prime minister narendramodi apprised the nation of a new government schemepradhan mantri surakshit matritva abhiyan aimed to curb indias worrying maternal mortality rates.
;;0.6353;;addressing the national executive meeting of the rashtriya kisaan manch (rkm)  an umbrella organisation of farmers from different parts of up  its national president shekhar dixit, said, if the bjp, which registered a thumping win under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah (in the up assembly polls) fails to fulfil its poll promise of loan waiver for small and marginal famers, then it would prove to be another jumlaa (rhetoric), and farmers of the state would not forgive the bjp and its leadership.
;;0.4588;;he added that both pm narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah have been raising the issue of farmers interest during the campaigning for up assembly election.
;;-0.25;;according to data generated through an rti application submitted to the directorate of advertising & visual publicity (davp), a sum of rs 6,000 crore was spent in the 11-year period from 2004 to 2015, with the upa government having spent twice the amount in its second term as it did in its first; and the initial year of nda rule under prime minister narendramodi alone having notched up outgoings to the tune of rs 993 crore.
;;-0.296;;prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)as he took part in the bhoomipujan of the redevelopment project of gandhinagar railway station here, prime minister narendramodi accused various coalition governments of using the railways to placate their alliance partners, claiming that it was his government that had put it in the priority category.
;;0.0;;so, they should keep their feel in this country, said the editorial, taking an indirect dig at prime minister narendramodi modis foreign visits.
;;-0.7845;;(reuters image)warning that terrorism poses a grave threat to future generations, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said forces of humanity should come together to combat the menace as india and germany vowed to take strong measures against those who encourage, support and finance it.
;;-0.1531;;in a bilateral meeting with prime minister narendramodi on saturday, turkeys president recep tayyip erdogan held forth on the s-400 air defence system deal and how his government is trying to deal with the us sanctions under its countering americas adversaries through sanctions act (caatsa), sources said.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate a hospital, built by patidar samaj arogya trust in katargam area of surat, and sumul dairy plant in bajipura village of the district on april 17, when he is also scheduled to address the public.
;;-0.3612;;on the eighth day of her argument challenging the sits clean chit given to chief minister narendramodi and others,jafris lawyer mihir desai submitted elaborate details of events that followed the riots.
;;0.0;;but with uttarakhand going to vote on february 15, all the talk in yamunotri constituency is about major project any leader has proposed this time: the all-weather char dham roads announced by prime minister narendramodi during a december rally in dehradun.
;;0.3612;;advertisingwayanad floods: rahul gandhi dials pm modi, assured of helpcongress leader rahul gandhi on friday called on prime minister narendramodi and sought assistance in tackling the flood situation in kerala, including his constituency wayanad.
;;-0.8402;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)with the protests against the ban on jallikattu showing no signs of weakening across tamil nadu, prime minister narendramodi on saturday attempted to assuage frayed emotions of the people insisting that all efforts are being made to fulfil the cultural aspirations of the state.
;;-0.4019;;b'several congress workers were detained on tuesday at sector 34 while they were on their way to show black flags to prime minister narendramodi who was performing yoga at the capitol complex.
;;-0.4019;;several congress workers were detained on tuesday at sector 34 while they were on their way to show black flags to prime minister narendramodi who was performing yoga at the capitol complex.
;;-0.9274;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi modis remarks on saturday that he felt the pain of a mothers loss and the hrd ministrys order of a judicial probe into dalit student rohith vemulas suicide betray a growing unease in the party and the government over what many within call a political misreading of the incident.
;;0.5859;;(representational image)prime minister narendramodi arrives at st petersburg on wednesday for an annual summit with president vladimir putin during which the two sides will sign a host of agreements, with all eyes on a deal to build with russias help the last two units of indias largest nuclear power plant.
;;-0.4767;;the councillors claimed that since the mc had withdrawn labourers from 26 wards of the city in view of prime minister narendramodi modis visit scheduled for september 11, the daily work of the wards was suffering.
;;-0.296;;chief minister narendramodi on sunday alleged that the centre was running parallel governments by misusing raj bhavans in non-congress ruled states and that gujarat governor kamla beniwal was acting under pressure from the congress.
;;-0.2023;;(express photo) (express photo)in may last year, sri lankan president maithripala sirisena met prime minister narendramodi to discuss the issue of arrests of fishermen in the high seas between india and sri lanka as well as the seizure of fishing vessels.
;;0.4019;;chief minister narendramodi addressed the party workers at the city airport upon his arrival from bjps national executive meeting in goa sunday night.
;;0.0;;the meeting was a follow-up of the chief minister pinarayi vijayans meeting with prime minister narendramodi during his delhi visit in may.
;;0.4019;;chaired by prime minister narendramodi , the meeting was attended by bjp chief amit shah, union ministers rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, venkaiah naidu, nitin gadkari and party general secretary (organisation) ramlal.
;;-0.4019;;in the letter, which was also marked to prime minister narendramodi , the air hostess asked the government to appoint a neutral committee to investigate the incident as her repeated complaints to the airline management and air india cmd fell on deaf ears and none was forthcoming.
;;0.4019;;he said the party high-command, including prime minister narendramodi , had given a green signal to the move.
;;0.4019;;b'prime minister narendramodi at a youth rally organized by the bharatiya janata party ahead of assam state elections in guwahati, india, tuesday, jan.
;;0.4019;;(ap photo) prime minister narendramodi at a youth rally organized by the bharatiya janata party ahead of assam state elections in guwahati, india, tuesday, jan.
;;0.802;;(ap photo)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday here asked the iits, iiits and other technical institutions to create an atmosphere for boosting up the make in india campaign so that the country could not only step in a big way to manufacture defence equipment, but also lead the world in ensuring cyber security and supply skilled manpower globally in the next few years.
;;-0.4201;;watch video: whats making newshe also dismissed the charge of intolerance against bjp, saying prime minister narendramodi was at the receiving end of most abusive language on social media, yet the latter or the party did not retort.
;;0.0;;photo: prem nath pandeythe white house, in a statement on tuesday, stated that the us president donald trump has extended invitation to pm narendramodi to visit washington later this year.
;;0.4939;;the readout of the call published on white house website stated: president donald j. trump spoke with prime minister narendramodi of india to congratulate him on the outcome of indias recent state-level elections.
;;0.0;;also, pm narendramodi was among the leaders who called up and congratulated trump within hours of the announcement of his victory in us presidential elections in november, 2016.
;;0.0;;hitting out at prime minister narendramodi , the congress leader also tried to draw the attention of women and the tea labourer voters of upper assam.
;;-0.7351;;b'bjp today charged that growing phobia of gujarat chief minister narendramodi in congress was behind cbi move to question ib in the ishrat jahan case and said such misuse of government institutions for political purposes will destroy them.
;;-0.5911;;(representational image)writer-historian ramachandra guha on tuesday tweeted that he had been getting identical threat mails warning him not to be critical of prime minister narendramodi and the bjp.
;;0.3818;;winding up his campaign in kottayam, the cm reiterated that prime minister narendramodi should apologise for comparing kerala with somalia in infant mortality rate at an election rally on may 8.
;;0.34;;the protesters aim to reach gandhinagar on thursday and hand over a memorandum to chief minister narendramodi outlining their concerns over the proposed plant.
;;-0.4215;;under a makeshift open tent,thousands sat and listened to speakers protesting against the narendramodi government.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi will give away the cheques to the spay beneficiaries,all of them are women.
;;0.4215;;in january 2015, us president barack obama and indian prime minister narendramodi elevated the existing us-india strategic dialogue to the strategic and commercial dialogue to reflect the growing significance of the us-india economic relationship, the statement said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with his counterpart from bangladesh sheikh hasina at bangladesh bhavan on friday.
;;0.0;;(twitter/@narendramodi) prime minister narendramodi with his counterpart from bangladesh sheikh hasina at bangladesh bhavan on friday.
;;0.1779;;(twitter/@narendramodi)the last few years have been a golden phase in india-bangladesh relations, when complicated issues of land and coastal boundaries were resolved, prime minister narendramodi said here on friday.
;;-0.0772;;chouhan alleged that abdullah and mehbooba had looted jammu and kashmir, but prime minister narendramodi had launched a decisive battle against corruption.
;;0.0;;now, a new india is emerging under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and the country is moving forward fast.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi today wished the people of the northeastern states of manipur, meghalaya and tripura on their statehood day and hoped they continue to achieve heights in all-round development.
;;0.6908;;b'prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo)law minister ravi shankar prasad today said that the modi government believes in inclusive society and respects the vibrant cultural diversity of india.
;;0.0;;the narendramodi government believes in inclusive society.
;;0.8834;;i salute karimul haq, tea garden worker whose selfless ambulance service to people impressed narendramodi to honour him with padma award, he said in a tweet.
;;0.6249;;and, (prime minister) narendramodi himself on sunday mentioned vajpayee, saying people liked him because during his tenure he looked for kashmir solution within the ambit of humanity, mehbooba said.
;;-0.7579;;police arrested piyush dhimmer, navsari youth congress vice president and councillor of ward no 6, and mehul tailor, councillor of ward no 4 after the congress leaders allegedly manhandled the vice-chancellor and tore a picture of prime minister narendramodi kept on his table.
;;0.4019;;the bjps disciplinary committee has given her 10 days to respond, reiterated party president amit shah at a press conference on friday, prime minister narendramodi by his side.
;;-0.5106;;shankersinh vaghela,former union minister and chairman of the congress newly formed election campaign committee,on sunday told reporters that chief minister narendramodi might seek elections six months ahead of schedule to avoid further charges of corruption against him and erosion of his own credibility in public eye.
;;-0.4588;;amid heightened tensions between india and pakistan, pakistan army on wednesday said kashmir was their jugular vein and called the scrapping of special status in jammu and kashmir under article 370 an immoral step by prime minister narendramodi , dawn reported.
;;0.4215;;(source: pti)bahujan samaj party (bsp) national president mayawati on monday alleged that prime minister narendramodi modis statements on dalit atrocity was notorious (shsraratpurn) and motivated by vote bank policy.
;;0.34;;while prime minister narendramodi and bjp leaders across the country observed a daylong fast on thursday over washout of parliamentary proceedings, not a single senior leader of the party in chandigarh turned up to join their senior leadership in the hunger strike.
;;0.4019;;a release, issued by the bjp and bjym, stated that they had organised a fast in chandigarh to support prime minister narendramodi modis fast against the unruly behaviour of the opposition and not allowing parliament to function properly.
;;-0.128;;b'congress and jd(u) commented in prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat session congress and jd(u) commented in prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat sessioncongress and jd(u) sunday sought to pick holes in prime minister narendramodi modis radio address, asking why the government has not been able to lift curfew in kashmir yet if only 5 per cent of the people are involved in creating trouble.
;;0.0;;(file)a day after prime minister narendramodi expanded his cabinet, jd (u) leader pavan verma on wednesday dubbed it as a classic example of a directionless game of musical chairs, adding it is illustration of maximum politics and minimum governance.
;;-0.1531;;earlier this week, a joint delegation of kashmir opposition parties, led by former chief minister omar abdullah, had met prime minister narendramodi , who expressed his deep concern and pain over the situation.
;;0.1779;;(express photo/file)senior congress leader p chidambaram on tuesday said his party will resolve the cauvery water dispute if it comes come back to power and alleged that prime minister narendramodi declined to solve the problem as suggested by karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah.
;;0.4754;;the crown prince, an extremely popular leader across the middle east, who is often known by his initials mbz, had earlier visited india in february 2016, following prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the uae in august 2015.
;;-0.296;;mishra also claimed that banerjee wanted to avoid meeting gujarat chief minister narendramodi during his visit here.
;;0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday underlined the achievements of his government within 10 weeks of returning to power and cited the revocation of article 370 in jammu and kashmir and the new law on triple talaq to highlight the key decisions taken to fulfill the aspirations of the people.
;;0.6369;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi on tuesday sought to reach out to his west bengal counterpart mamata banerjee expressing confidence in her governments effort to help the state recover from the ruins created by the left front rule.
;;-0.6124;;in his first mann ki baat after being re-elected, prime minister narendramodi on sunday stressed on the importance of conservation of water to meet the ongoing crisis across the country, comparing water to gods prasad.
;;-0.1027;;read full text of pm narendramodi modis mann ki baatmodi also spoke about the importance of democracy, while raising the issue of emergency imposed on june 25, 1975.
;;-0.1761;;robert vadra robert vadraterming as extremely shameful prime minister narendramodi modis raincoat jibe on his predecessor manmohan singh, robert vadra today said the former premier is an epitome of grace and maturity.
;;0.2516;;it is extremely shameful for the entire nation that a senior and graceful politician like manmohan ji had to bear the brunt of our prime minister narendramodi modis jibes, the son-in-law of congress president sonia gandhi said in a facebook post.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will hold bilateral talks with russian president vladimir putin and chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in kyrgyzstan this week, the ministry of external affairs said on monday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will attend the meeting of council of heads of state (chs) of shanghai cooperation organization (sco) in bishkek (kyrgyz republic) on june 13-14, 2019.
;;0.5994;;while bhosle, who is ncps sitting mp from satara, was originally scheduled to join the bjp on september 1, sources said that this has now been pushed back to september 5, after bhosle expressed a desire that prime minister narendramodi should induct him.
;;-0.8922;;every day distressed farmers are dying in marathwada, but prime minister narendramodi has found no time to provide solace to the families of the dead farmers.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi and bangladesh pm hasina in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(source: ani) pm narendramodi and bangladesh pm hasina in new delhi.
;;-0.0516;;(source: ani)prime minister narendramodi and bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina addressed the gathering at the manekshaw centre for sommanona ceremony to honour indian soldiers martyred in 1971 war.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi held extensive discussions with his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina on ways to strengthen the strategic partnership between the two countries.
;;-0.4215;;an embarressed surat unit of the bjp went about removing banners ridiculing the congress and prime minister manmohan singh from major crossroads of the city after chief minister narendramodi put out a tweet and a facebook post calling them inappropriate.
;;-0.7906;;he said under the nda government led by narendramodi , the days of scams and scandals are over.
;;0.7096;;basit expressed happiness over prime minister narendramodi inviting nawaz sharif for his swearing-in.
;;0.2263;;meanwhile, conrad k. sangma, the lone npp member in the lok sabha, urged prime minister narendramodi to intervene and direct the environment ministry to de-notify the new rules in the larger interest of the people.
;;0.7506;;late last year, at the behest of prime minister narendramodi , union minorities affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi restored this liberty to indian women.
;;0.8591;;wednesdays meeting followed two major interactions shah and prime minister narendramodi had with bjp chief ministers and top party leaders from states who were asked to work overtime to make the governments pro-poor policies a success, expand the organisation and its ideological influence.
;;0.0;;the mauritian prime minister arrived here yesterday on a three-day visit, during which he will hold meetings with his indian counterpart narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee.
;;0.872;;the pathway at ahmedabad science city leading to the nobel prize travelling exhibition  ideas changing the world  which was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on monday evening as a part of the nobel prize series india 2017 will be named after the nobel prize.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had last month extended an invitation to prachanda to visit india at the earliest.
;;0.0;;earlier, chautala had written to prime minister narendramodi , seeking time for a meeting over the issue.
;;-0.6124;;(file photo)slamming bjp president amit shah, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray today said the upcoming electoral battles are no friendly matches and the bjp has lost a staunch supporter who backed prime minister narendramodi even after the gujarat riots.
;;0.5994;;the commissioner of metro rail safety (cmrs) has granted permission to operate the 11-km reach 3 of the nagpur metro line, two days ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to inaugurate it.
;;0.8442;;the prime minister narendramodi on august 10 gave its ex-post facto approval for amendments to the maternity benefit act, 1961 by introducing the maternity benefit (amendment) bill 2016.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi visited the mutt last year.
;;-0.5423;;even as the state government has issued showcause notices to three senior ips officers for alleged delay in arresting maulana abdul sattar hamdani,an accused in the 1993 gosabora rdx landing case who was later acquitted,the same man is now rooting for the bjp and chief minister narendramodi for their anti-terror stand.
;;0.1779;;he had earlier filed an affidavit in the supreme court claiming he waswitness to chief minister narendramodi asking top state officers,in a midnight meeting after the godhra train carnage,to let hindus vent their anger against muslims.
;;-0.6437;;udhampur: prime minister narendramodi udhampur: prime minister narendramodi modisending out a message to the misguided youth of kashmir, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said 40 years of bloodshed has not benefitted anyone and that they should choose tourism over terrorism to ensure the states development and well-being.
;;0.0;;b'shiv sena has also been consistently targetting the bjp, especially prime minister narendramodi , over a host of issues, including high fuel prices, farmers suicides, demonetisation and the implementation of goods and services tax (gst).
;;0.0;;(file photo) shiv sena has also been consistently targetting the bjp, especially prime minister narendramodi , over a host of issues, including high fuel prices, farmers suicides, demonetisation and the implementation of goods and services tax (gst).
;;-0.3612;;a sulking sena has also been consistently targetting the bjp, especially prime minister narendramodi , over a host of issues, including high fuel prices, farmers suicides, demonetisation and the implementation of goods and services tax (gst).
;;-0.0258;;advertisingat the sco summit in bishkek, which pakistani prime minister imran khan also attended, prime minister narendramodi told chinese president xi jinping that pakistan needs to create an atmosphere free of terrorism, but at this stage, new delhi has not seen that from islamabad.
;;0.0;;copies of the report have been marked to prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi today conveyed his wishes for the festival in a series of tweets.
;;0.2732;;on his second visit to bhutan and first since his re-election in may this year, prime minister narendramodi held a wide range of discussion over the expansion of bilateral partnership with his bhutanese counterpart lotay tshering saturday and signed 10 mous to infuse new energy in their ties.
;;0.443;;it is not just prime minister narendramodi who can call president obama barack, inder would not hesitate to call his interlocutors by their first names, sometimes surprising his colleagues at press conferences.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will embark on a two-nation tour to vietnam and china starting on saturday.
;;0.5994;;i wanted to join a nationalist party and i believe that prime minister narendramodi and chief minister manohar lal khattar think about the welfare of the nation, said babita, who was posted as sub-inspector at madhuban.
;;0.2263;;days after the terror strike, prime minister narendramodi said security forces have been given a free hand to respond to the attack.
;;0.0;;the banners,which took potshots at bjp and advani over the dissension after appointment of gujarat chief minister narendramodi as election campaign committee head were pulled down following objection raised by the local unit of the party,civic body sources said.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi greeted the nation on the occasion of hanuman jayanti today saying, greetings to everyone on the auspicious occasion of hanuman jayanti.
;;0.0;;3 percent, said jaitley said at the 52nd annual general meeting of the african development bank (afdb) at gandhinagar, where prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to attend the proceedings on tuesday.
;;0.34;;marking the beginning of the state-level celebrations of the independence day,chief minister narendramodi launched 46 development projects worth more than rs 300 crore at bhuj in kutch district on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;rao said the party was preparing poll campaign plans for prime minister narendramodi and shah in coming days.
;;0.2023;;keshubhai has been openly narendramodi in his public meetings,but this piece comes after he trained his guns on the bjps top leadership.
;;0.0;;on her return to srinagar after meeting prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh on monday, mehbooba mufti has held two meetings  first with senior pdp functionaries on monday evening and another with legislators on tuesday  at her fairview residence to discuss the latest developments.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with bjp senior leader lal krishna advani and union home minister rajnath singh during parivartan rally at parade ground in allahabad on monday june 13, 2016.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with bjp senior leader lal krishna advani and union home minister rajnath singh during parivartan rally at parade ground in allahabad on monday june 13, 2016.
;;-0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi had called mnrega the living monument of the congress-led upa governments failure in 2015.
;;0.8074;;b'tamil nadu chief minister k palaniswami today congratulated the nda government at the centre for completing three years in office and praised prime minister narendramodi , saying india has made great strides under his leadership.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has ended politics of appeasement, dynasty and casteism, and ushered politics of development, shah said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has ended politics of appeasement, dynasty and casteism, and ushered politics of development, shah said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has ended the politics of appeasement and dynasty, and ushered in politics of development, bjp president amit shah said saturday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has ended politics of appeasement, dynasty and casteism, and ushered politics of development, shah said.
;;0.7096;;congress leaders walked out of the house after social justice and empowerment minister fakir vaghela said that people like darul uloom deoband vice-chancellor maulana ghulam mohammed vastanvi and an mp from kerala were also endorsing chief minister narendramodi modis development works for the minorities in the state.
;;-0.5574;;on may 27, a day after udayveer died, prime minister narendramodi visited the area, addressing a rally barely 30 km from baraut in the same baghpat district, after inaugurating the rs 11,000-crore eastern peripheral expressway.
;;0.7845;;prime minister narendramodi has an unprecedented mandate and can create history by changing the narrative on jammu and kashmir article 370 is the nations commitment to the people of j&k and therefore should be honoured.
;;0.0;;the issue was not discussed either during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to bangladesh in 2015 or during the bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasinas visit to india in april last year.
;;-0.2263;;(source: ap)the opposition in the rajya sabha today urged prime minister narendramodi to break his silence on the unrest in kashmir with the congress saying hindustan ka taj jal raha hai(indias crown is burning) and demanded that the centre initiate a political process.
;;0.7003;;(file photo)saluting netaji subhash chandra bose on his 120th birth anniversary, prime minister narendramodi on monday made files related to the freedom fighter available on the internet.
;;0.7003;;akhilesh yadav in deoria, up (source: ani photo) akhilesh yadav in deoria, up (source: ani photo)sitting congress mla from pindra in varanasi, ajai rai, who had contested the lok sabha election against narendramodi is considered his partys strongest hope in varanasi this assembly election.
;;0.3818;;of the eight assembly seats in varanasi, congress and sp are contesting four seats each and with prime minister narendramodi being top of the target of both rahul and akhilesh, this joint show in varanasi is significant for both.
;;0.0;;meghalaya chief minister mukul sangma said he was waiting for prime minister narendramodi and the union home ministry to take a call on the governor.
;;0.4588;;b'prime minister narendramodi will embark on a five-day visit to mozambique, south africa, tanzania and kenya beginning july 7 prime minister narendramodi will embark on a five-day visit to mozambique, south africa, tanzania and kenya beginning july 7prime minister narendramodi will embark on a five-day visit to mozambique, south africa, tanzania and kenya beginning july 7, with an aim to further deepen indias engagement with the resource-rich african continent where china has been expanding its influence.
;;0.4019;;express photo by vishal srivastavsamajwadi party (sp) chief akhilesh yadav on wednesday dared the bjp to conduct uttar pradesh assembly elections with 2019 lok sabha elections as per prime minister narendramodi modis one nation, one poll idea.
;;0.0516;;read | congress tries to retain bantwal in dakshina kannada; belgavi struggles with water crisiswhile addressing party workers in kalaburagi, he took several potshots at prime minister narendramodi over several issues ranging from crimes against women to amit shahs sons alleged business expansion.
;;-0.5994;;he will also take prime minister narendramodi modis message of development for all to a place where a violent movement to uproot indian state had started, she said.
;;0.34;;b'national security adviser ajit doval after meeting prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on monday.
;;0.34;;(express photo by: prem nath pandey) national security adviser ajit doval after meeting prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on monday.
;;-0.9958;;share this article related article pathankot air base: tall screens set up to limit access of pak jit teampathankot air base: tall screens set up to limit access of pak jit team probing the pathankot terror attack: an indian express seriesprobing the pathankot terror attack: an indian express series pathankot attack: a terror strike, some hard truthspathankot attack: a terror strike, some hard truths probing pathankot attack: fence floodlights that didnt work, gaps in border patrol, patchy police responseprobing pathankot attack: fence floodlights that didnt work, gaps in border patrol, patchy police response pathankot terror attack: operation still on, death toll mounts to 7pathankot terror attack: operation still on, death toll mounts to 7 pathankot attack: sixth terrorist neutralised, combing operations to end tomorrowa senior government functionary admitted that the fact that three senior functionaries  prime minister narendramodi , union home minister rajnath singh and defence minister manohar parrikar  made their lack of awareness about the ground situation public through social media, only reinforced the governments ineptness.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi modis government completes three years this may prime minister narendramodi modis government completes three years this maydespite a perceived loss of confidence with regard to issues such as law and order, inflation and employment, at least 60 per cent of indians believe their expectations from the incumbent narendramodi government have been met.
;;0.0;;the meeting came on a day when prime minister narendramodi spoke about the kashmir situation in his mann ki baat programme on all india radio and a day after chief minister mehbooba mufti met him.
;;-0.25;;b'prime minister narendramodi along with bjp mps will observe a day-long fast on thursday to protest the recent washout of the budget session of parliament.
;;0.4215;;pm narendramodi with secretary of state of the united states of america, john kerry at a meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.4215;;(source: pti) pm narendramodi with secretary of state of the united states of america, john kerry at a meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)on their way to prime minister narendramodi modis office, us secretary of commerce penny pritzker tripped and was helped by john kerry.
;;-0.5574;;kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan appealed to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to withdraw the ban.
;;0.7579;;b'pm modi paying floral tributes at the bust of the 12th century social reformer pm modi paying floral tributes at the bust of the 12th century social reformerin an attempt to woo the lingayat community ahead of the assembly elections in karnataka, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the ideals of lingayat philosopher basaveshwara motivate people across the world.
;;0.8439;;prime minister narendramodi turned up at the party headquarters in new delhi to tell party workers that the results are extremely encouraging for the bjp and nda.
;;0.4019;;at a rally in bareilly, gujarat chief minister narendramodi alleged that the samajwadi party was afraid of lions.
;;0.6705;;minority affairs minister najma heptulla, meanwhile, suggested another reason why she thinks the bjp will gain in assam, as well as in west bengal  prime minister narendramodi modis visit to saudi arabia soon after his address at the world sufi forum.
;;0.0;;addressing a rally in chikmagalur, gandhi assailed prime minister narendramodi for choosing a chief ministerial candidate who had been to jail.
;;0.0;;wherever narendramodi goes, he says in the last 70 years nothing has happened.
;;0.34;;in a letter to the prime minister narendramodi , he said odisha had a comprehensive ecosystem and state-of-the-art industrial infrastructure facilities for indigenous design, development and manufacturing in defence and aerospace sector.
;;0.8834;;this bye-election in gorakhpur was important not only for adityanath, whose one-year work in the district was being put to test, but also for prime minister narendramodi , who had promised superspecialty healthcare and employment opportunities in eastern up when he laid the foundation stone of an aiims and promised revival of a fertiliser factory in gorakhpur in 2016.
;;-0.0258;;aam aadmi party leader kumar vishwas held prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh responsible for the violence and appealed to students to debate in a democratic way in case of divergence of views.
;;-0.3612;;notice against narendramodi for allegedly defaming the society by publicly accusing it of usurping defence land even though there was no evidence to suggest that.
;;-0.5106;;the controversial adarsh housing society wednesday issued a showcause notice to bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi for allegedly defaming the society by publicly accusing it of usurping defence land even though there was no evidence to suggest that.
;;0.5106;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi on thursday announced that women are free to retain their maiden names in their passports now after the marriage.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi was in uttar pradeshs mathura on wednesday to launch several programmes in a bid to boost the ailing agricultural sector.
;;0.6908;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi is welcome to apply for a visa to america,a senior us official said today,noting that the obama administration would review the bjp leaders case on its merits.
;;0.25;;pm narendramodi pm narendramodi modia muslim delegation led by the jamiat ulama-i-hind that met prime minister narendramodi on may 9 spoke to him at length about the gulf between the government and the muslim community, the atmosphere of fear stemming from cow vigilantism and love jihad, and the need to accelerate welfare schemes for minorities.
;;0.3818;;expressing concern at the situation in kashmir valley, members of the delegation said that only prime minister narendramodi can resolve the issue.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the 1.
;;0.0772;;advertisingin eastern uttar pradesh, the highest number of 10 firs were registered in prime minister narendramodi modis constituency  varanasi.
;;0.608;;cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said on wednesday the fun and frolic in jim corbett national park will not solve the problems faced by the economy, in an apparent dig at prime minister narendramodi after he appeared on discovery channels man vs wild.
;;0.0;;(photo: ani) narendramodi with his mother hiraba at his brothers residence in gujarat.
;;0.0;;(photo: ani)marking the beginning of his 66th birthday today, prime minister narendramodi met his mother hiraba in gandhinagar.
;;0.1441;;b'in a letter to prime minister narendramodi on april 2, mp yashwant singh has alleged that despite assurances, dalits are yet to receive benefits of reservation, including in jobs and promotions.
;;0.1441;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi on april 2, mp yashwant singh has alleged that despite assurances, dalits are yet to receive benefits of reservation, including in jobs and promotions.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi has turned down an ambitious plan of the indian railways to introduce a new signalling system, based on the european train control system-level 2, in its entire network.
;;0.0;;addressing a public rally at rajapur in ratnagiri district in konkan, thackeray also dared prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis to relocate the projects to gujarat or vidarbha.
;;0.0;;president xi jinpings visit to india in 2014 and prime minister narendramodi modis visit to china last year have marked a new era for sino-indian relations, hong said.
;;-0.5719;;rupani said prime minister narendramodi replaced the nomenclature viklang with divyang as the former had negative connotation.
;;-0.5106;;watch video: 1991: how p v narasimha rao made history by sanjaya baru: key takeawaysfriendly gestureafter prime minister narendramodi modis attempt to bring in thaw in the ties, pakistan is releasing 173 indian prisoners (including 172 fishermen) who will be repatriated to india through wagah.
;;0.0;;in all,76 mous were signed at the international round table of academic institutions opening ceremony presided over by chief minister narendramodi and hasmukh adhia,principal secretary,education,gujarat at the pandit deendayal petroleum university in gandhinagar.
;;0.4215;;cm pitches for more room for states to growchief minister narendramodi has suggested that states should be allowed space in the federal structure without impacting the basic framework of the constitution to enable them to make progress by doing away with provisions of archaic labour laws.
;;0.0;;he also alleged that the nda government led by prime minister narendramodi had diluted the policy.
;;0.7964;;uddhav thackeray, chief of long-sulking nda constituent shiv sena, left delhi on a happy note after seemingly enjoying his dinner table conversations with prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;-0.4588;;india firstan article in the cpi journal,new age,accuses gujarat chief minister narendramodi of trying to hoodwink the people by arguing that his idea of secularism is india first.
;;0.1441;;b'in a letter to prime minister narendramodi on april 2, mp yashwant singh has alleged that despite assurances, dalits are yet to receive benefits of reservation, including in jobs and promotions.
;;0.1441;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi on april 2, mp yashwant singh has alleged that despite assurances, dalits are yet to receive benefits of reservation, including in jobs and promotions.
;;0.1441;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi on april 2, mp yashwant singh has alleged that despite assurances, dalits are yet to receive benefits of reservation, including in jobs and promotions.
;;0.0;;he asked that the hearing on setting up the scheme, under which the cauvery management board (cmb) has be constituted, be deferred by 10 days as prime minister narendramodi and his cabinet colleagues were busy with the poll campaign.
;;0.0;;the editorial, which also claims that prime minister narendramodi has 40 million followers while donald trump has about 20 million followers on his personal page.
;;0.0;;the editorial, which also claims that prime minister narendramodi has 40 million followers while donald trump has about 20 million followers on his personal page.
;;0.0;;the congress party allegedly hiring cambridge analytica for political consultancy has put the national political discourse to the peril of international actors, reads the editorial, which also claims that prime minister narendramodi has 40 million followers while donald trump has about 20 million followers on his personal page.
;;0.5267;;sourece: pti)two days after prime minister narendramodi claimed that there was no threat to manipurs territorial integrity in the framework agreement signed by the bjp-led government and the nscn(im) in august 2015, veteran congress leader and former assam chief minister tarun gogoi on monday asked the centre to make the contents of the agreement public.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi had on saturday said in an election rally in imphal that there was nothing in the naga peace pact that amounted to betraying the interests of manipur.
;;0.0;;18, 2016, (ap photo/saurabh das)state counselor of myanmar aung san suu kyi, who is on a three-day visit to india, will meet prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.5719;;tuesday, suu kyi was accorded a ceremonial reception at rashtrapati bhavan, where she was received by prime minister narendramodi , after which she inspected the guard of honour.
;;-0.9274;;b'compiled by seema chishtithe daily inquilab, in its editorial on october 10, writes: rahul gandhis criticism of prime minister narendramodi saying that the jawans of the country have given their blood in kashmir, you are hiding behind them and you are doing dalali for them, is a regrettable example of use of the wrong words at a wrong time.
;;0.7269;;(express photo by prashant nadkar/file)at a time when the bjp has invited its allies in bihar to a meeting on june 7 to celebrate four years of prime minister narendramodi in office, its ally jd(u) has asserted that its president and bihar chief minister nitish kumar will play the role of an elder brother in the nda in the state.
;;0.4215;;most exit polls have forecast another term for prime minister narendramodi , with some of them projecting that the bjp-led nda would get over 300 seats to comfortably cross the majority mark of 272 in the lok sabha.
;;-0.25;;reacting to chief minister narendramodi modis statements that he was committed to take along all the communities on the path of growth,the residents of juhapura said development has remained a far cry in one of the largest muslim neighbourhoods in the state during his 10 years of rule.
;;0.1779;;(source: reuters)in addressing the us congress on wednesday, prime minister narendramodi declared that the partnership between india and the united states has overcome the hesitations of history.
;;-0.6369;;later on wednesday, prime minister narendramodi approved an ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh each from pm relief fund for the kin of those who lost their lives and rs 50,000 each to those who were seriously injured in the tragedy.
;;0.4019;;about 350 people, which includes prime minister narendramodi , party chief amit shah, union ministers, chief ministers of 13 bjp-ruled states including up chief minister yogi adityanath, will attend the meeting.
;;0.0;;to make the most of it,the rajkot district administration on thursday extended the exhibition-cum-sale of memorabilia presented to chief minister narendramodi at various functions for three more days.
;;0.1531;;b'prime minister narendramodi greets new ministers of state vijay goel and s s ahluwalia at rashtrapati bhawan tuesday.
;;0.1531;;photos: neeraj priyadasrhi & (express photo: anil sharma) prime minister narendramodi greets new ministers of state vijay goel and s s ahluwalia at rashtrapati bhawan tuesday.
;;0.0;;an advocate of narendramodi modis development agenda, he is seen as having become close to the pm.
;;0.0;;his books include one on shivaji, its preface written by narendramodi , then gujarat cm.
;;0.0;;the doctoratemonitor of projects in pms varanasimahendra nath pandey, 58mos, hrdthe chandauli mp, a phd in hindi, is considered close to narendramodi and amit shah.
;;0.0;;the veteranformer gujarat bjp chiefs rewardparshottam rupala, 62mos, agriculture, panchayati rajsecond-term rajya sabha mp belongs to the kadva patidar community and is seen as close to narendramodi and amit shah.
;;0.0;;advertisingsources said that the meeting at the level of nsa will be the first high-level contact a week after prime minister narendramodi and macron held bilateral talks in paris, and then again met in biarritz during the g-7 summit.
;;-0.3818;;while chief minister narendramodi may be on a mission to open at least one medical college in each district of gujarat,the municipal corporation here is experimenting on the health of children by administering them homeopathy drugs to fight malnourishment in a short duration.
;;0.0;;pm modi receives his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina at delhi airport (source: @narendramodi/twitter) pm modi receives his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina at delhi airport (source: @narendramodi/twitter)prime minister narendramodi and his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina today held talks on key bilateral, regional and international issues of mutual concern.
;;0.5994;;pti photobreaking his silence on the 32-day turmoil in kashmir, prime minister narendramodi today advocated a path of democracy and dialogue to restore peace in the spirit of insaniyat (humanity), jamhuriyat (democracy) and kashmiriyat.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, the latest development comes ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to qingdao in china for the shanghai cooperation organisation summit on june 9-10, indian envoy to china gautam bambawale has confirmed.
;;-0.128;;dismissing the demand for chief minister narendramodi modis resignation,the gujarat government distanced itself from kodnani,saying she was not a minister when the incident occurred.
;;0.7184;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi was today given a grand welcome by members in the lok sabha as he entered the house for the first time after the assembly elections.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)with prime minister narendramodi modis pro-poor image seen as the main reason for bjps victories in the recent assembly polls, the party has decided to make it the focus of the nda governments third anniversary celebrations, sources have said.
;;0.7096;;advertisingreiterating indias commitment to tackle global challenges prime minister narendramodi attended the dedicated session of g7 biarritz summit on biodiversity, oceans, climate.
;;0.1441;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi on april 2, yashwant singh, mp from bijnors nagina constituency in uttar pradesh, alleged that despite assurances, dalits are yet to receive benefits of reservation, including in jobs and promotions.
;;0.5994;;chief minister arvind kejriwal and his deputy manish sisodia shared the dais with noorani who had questioned the peoples mandate in favour of the bjp in the uttar pradesh polls and also indulged in bashing prime minister narendramodi , he told a press conference.
;;0.5859;;(representational image)with an aim to provide immediate relief to lakhs of acid attacks victims, prime minister narendramodi has approved additional financial assistance of rs 1 lakh from the prime minister national relief fund (pmnrf).
;;0.4215;;b'the proposal was approved by cabinet committee on economic affairs chaired by pm narendramodi at its meeting held on wednesday.
;;0.4215;;(representational image) the proposal was approved by cabinet committee on economic affairs chaired by pm narendramodi at its meeting held on wednesday.
;;0.4215;;the proposal was approved by the cabinet committee on economic affairs chaired by prime minister narendramodi at its meeting held on wednesday.
;;0.6597;;on the menu, thus, are rallies by prime minister narendramodi , party chief amit shahs direct interaction with booth level party activists, and the rsss works at the ground level.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in this file photo.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in this file photo.
;;-0.2023;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi modis speech to his party workers, on saturday, called for india and pakistan to wage a war on poverty and literacy to see who wins first.
;;0.128;;the opposition party also hit back at prime minister narendramodi modis remarks at a poll rally in punjab in which he said the congress has no principles.
;;0.1779;;hitting back at prime minister narendramodi for his remarks in which he said the congress has no principles, sibal said, we would like to ask them on the basis of what principles did they topple our governments in arunachal pradesh and made rebels in uttarakhand switch sides and join themthe fact is that even their allies are deserting them.
;;-0.4761;;going by the results of elections held in different states since 2014, my guess is that mr narendramodi has perhaps retained the support of the 31 per cent but has not won over any of the 69 per cent that had voted against the bjp in 2014.
;;0.5627;;the comments by trump were his first since his meeting with prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the g7 summit in france on august 26 where modi had made it clear that all issues with pakistan are bilateral, and india doesnt bother any other country about them.
;;0.5574;;(source: pti)hoping to raise indias relations with iran to a new level, prime minister narendramodi will arrive in tehran on may 21 and, among the meetings scheduled there, is one with irans supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei.
;;-0.4767;;he said that prime minister narendramodi has given pakistan a befitting reply after the february 14 pulwama attack and that pakistani prime minister imran khan, a few days ago, said that india is planning a bigger airstrike than what happened at balakot.
;;0.5994;;the fast, organised under the banner of the newly-launched patidar sangh at the samast patidar samaj wadi in katargam area here, saw participants like diamond businessman lalji patel, who bought prime minister narendramodi modis monogrammed suit, national general secretary of bjps kisan morcha and former minister gordhan zadaphia, surat city mayor ashmitaben shiroya, surat citys three bjp mlas  kumar kanani, praful pansurya and janak bagdana  municipal councillors from congress and bjp, including opposition leader pappan togadia (cousin of vhp leader pravin togadia).
;;0.2263;;(pti photo)aligarh muslim university vice-chancellor lt gen zameer uddin shah met prime minister narendramodi on saturday, seeking the nda governments support in restoring the universitys minority status, stating it would have a salutary effect on minorities who are agitated and apprehensive that their rights are being trampled upon.
;;-0.7579;;b'prime minister narendramodi modis statement to a delegation of opposition parties from jammu & kashmir that those who lost their lives during recent disturbances are part of us, our nation is reassuring after his long silence,including in his independence day speech, on the terrible toll the last six weeks of violence and unrest have taken in kashmir.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi walks for a cabinet meeting at parliament library in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;pti photo new delhi: prime minister narendramodi walks for a cabinet meeting at parliament library in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi will dedicate to the nation on april 2 the countrys longest road tunnel between kashmir valley and jammu, thus reducing the journey duration by two hours.
;;-0.8885;;but, he said, he was pained when lok sabha deputy speaker m thambidurai criticised prime minister narendramodi for denying appointments to 50 aiadmk mps.
;;0.0;;b'file photo of mother teresa (express archive) file photo of mother teresa (express archive)mother teresas canonisation portends more conversions to christianity, an issue that prime minister narendramodi should have considered before deciding to send a delegation to the vatican, the vhp said on sunday.
;;0.0;;on sunday, prime minister narendramodi in his mann ki baat radio address paid tributes to the late catholic nun for her services to the poor of india, saying that indians should be proud that mother teresa is being officially declared a saint.
;;-0.128;;the bjp monday began the offline registration of participants for the public meeting to be addressed by chief minister narendramodi here on august 11.
;;0.7579;;british prime minister boris johnson on tuesday said that a big free trade agreement (fta) was among the key issues he discussed with prime minister narendramodi during their meeting on the sidelines of the g7 summit in biarritz, france, last month.
;;-0.25;;a printers conference,which will begin here later this week,has got into a controversy with several participants pulling out to protest participation of gujarat chief minister narendramodi as the chief guest.
;;-0.3818;;we are both shocked and dismayed to see that romancing print has seen fit to invite narendramodi as its chief guest to this years editionwe fail to understand why,in the first place,a political figure who neither has anything to do with the print industry nor holds any official position in this regard should have been invited as chief guest when there is no dearth of professionals from the publishing and print industry who could lend both grace and dignity to an event such as this, said indu chandrasekhar of tulika books.
;;-0.2755;;we do not agree with the content of your seminar and invitation of narendramodi as a chief guest, he said.
;;0.8968;;rahul gandhi was the lone star campaigner for the congress but the bjp brass turned out in strength to boost the party morale and fortunes  from prime minister narendramodi to bjp president amit shah to home minister rajnath singh, all came calling.
;;0.0;;advertisingon monday, the partys state unit had to change the venue for prime minister narendramodi modis february 2 public meeting in thakurnagar in north 24 parganas after tmc mp mamata thakur claimed she had already obtained permission to hold a religious programme at the site the same day.
;;0.7579;;prime minister narendramodi (source: pti, file) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti, file)prime minister narendramodi on sunday heaped praises on the indian space research organisation (isro), and said the country is proud of the space agencys achievements.
;;-0.128;;b'pm narendramodi warned the ministers to be careful not to break any rules as electronic snoopers were ever present.
;;-0.128;;pm narendramodi warned the ministers to be careful not to break any rules as electronic snoopers were ever present.
;;0.25;;many in the party were puzzled that prakash javadekar was appointed a cabinet minister, rather than piyush goyal, dharmendra pradhan and nirmala sitharaman, who are considered favourites of narendramodi and amit shah and whose names were doing the rounds.
;;0.0;;word of advicepm narendramodi had a meeting with the new ministers.
;;-0.296;;(source: pti photo)west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on saturday accused prime minister narendramodi and the bjp of trying to unleash cbi and ed on trinamool congress (tmc) as it speaks up against them, and alleged that the election commission was working on the instructions of bjp.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi in lok sabha.
;;0.0;;(youtube screengrab) pm narendramodi in lok sabha.
;;-0.6908;;(youtube screengrab)at the receiving end of a series of taunts and jibes by prime minister narendramodi in the lok sabha on tuesday, the congress hit back, saying the prime ministers address reflected his arrogance and proved he has lost the plot, as also the narrative.
;;-0.9442;;(source: pti)in his strongest attack on the congress following the political firestorm over the death of dalit research scholar rohith vemula, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said that lies were being spread in the name of dalits and there appeared to be an orchestrated campaign to instigate the dalits, the oppressed, the exploited and the deprived against the government.
;;-0.4404;;speaking on the occasion leading spiritual guru acharya pramod krishnam, presidentof bhartiya sant samiti, slammed prime minister narendramodi for first exploiting the sentiments of the hindus and then letting them down.
;;-0.6652;;dahal has also invited prime minister narendramodi to visit pilgrim centres like janakpur, lumbini and muktinath in mustang along the tibet border, places that modi was to visit during his last visit to nepal, but got cancelled reportedly due to some misunderstanding between indian and nepali authorities.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi (file) pm narendramodi (file)prime minister narendramodi addressed a public rally in dhola in assam on the occasion of the completion of three years in office.
;;-0.5719;;file photo: prime minister narendramodi with mp chief minister shivraj singh chouhan file photo: prime minister narendramodi with mp chief minister shivraj singh chouhanleader of the opposition in madhya pradesh assembly, ajay singh, on monday urged prime minister narendramodi to remove shivraj singh chouhan as chief minister in the wake of the cag observations about the vyapam scam.
;;0.3612;;sensing the anti-incumbency sentiment, prime minister narendramodi promised change at his first election rally in nagaland last thursday.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with us president barack obama arrives for the opening session of g20 summit in hangzhou, china on sunday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo by vijay verma) prime minister narendramodi with us president barack obama arrives for the opening session of g20 summit in hangzhou, china on sunday.
;;0.5574;;(pti photo by vijay verma)prime minister narendramodi on sunday exchanged views with barack obama on the sidelines of the g20 summit in hangzhou with the us president praising the bold policy move on gst reform in a difficult global economic scenario.
;;0.0;;the people were carried away by the kind of marketing blitz narendramodi did during the 2014 lok sabha election.
;;-0.5719;;alleging that there exists an unholy nexus between prime minister narendramodi and chief minister naveen patnaik, congress today said it has led to the slow down in the investigation into the multi crore rupees chitfund scam in odisha.
;;-0.4019;;pti photoshiromani gurdwara parbhandak committee (sgpc) president avtar singh makkar has sought an appointment with prime minister narendramodi to discuss the problems of sikhs living in kashmir.
;;0.0258;;b'as gujarat chief minister narendramodi sought to reach out to her,west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee today deflected questions on the possibilities her partys tie-up with bjp.
;;-0.7351;;this comes as a big statement of intent from prime minister narendramodi that india will not sit quietly in the face of adversity and it will act to neutralise any threat to the country.
;;-0.1531;;even as rebellion against chief minister narendramodi is now open and direct,bjp is treading carefully vis-a-vis its rebel leaders in this election year.
;;0.0;;a sub-committee, led by prime minister narendramodi , has already sanctioned rs 6,500 crore for bidkin and rs 1,533 crore for shendra for infrastructure and related developmental projects.
;;-0.4215;;jallikattu protests: tamil nadu cm o panneerselvam meets pm moditamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam met prime minister narendramodi in the wake of the ongoing jallikattu protests in the state.
;;-0.2263;;jallikattu protests: chief minister of tamil nadu o. paneerselvam with prime minister narendramodi today.
;;-0.2263;;(source: pmoindia/twitter) jallikattu protests: chief minister of tamil nadu o. paneerselvam with prime minister narendramodi today.
;;0.802;;obama dials modi: thank you for strengthening indo-us tiesprime minister narendramodi with us president prime minister narendramodi with us president barack obama (file photo)outgoing us president barack obama telephoned prime minister narendramodi to thank him for his partnership that enhanced the relations between india and america, the white house has said.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in wuhan in april.
;;0.0;;(ap) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in wuhan in april.
;;0.0;;(ap)prime minister narendramodi is set to arrive in qingdao in china on saturday, for a two-day visit to attend the annual shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit, besides holding a bilateral meeting with chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.5719;;co/7mwqlahgks  narendramodi (@narendramodi) june 8, 2018india became a full member of the china-dominated grouping last year and new delhis entry into it is expected to increase the eight-member groups heft in regional geopolitics and trade negotiations besides giving it a pan-asian hue.
;;0.9136;;last week, china had welcomed prime minister narendramodi modis remarks in singapore that the two countries have shown maturity and wisdom in resolving issues and ensuring a peaceful border.
;;0.5837;;kushwahas party was taken by surprise on not being involved in campaigning as prime minister narendramodi had personally asked him not to fight elections in up to avoid division of nda votes.
;;0.6908;;divided over analogyafter the puppy remark chief minister narendramodi made in his interview to reuters,even his loyalists didnt know whether to praise his statement or bury it.
;;0.3818;;a senior railway said that the allocation in the pink book released on friday was only to ensure that the projects, which were inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi during his visit to mumbai last year, are acknowledged by the union rail ministry.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) pm narendramodi paid tribute to former president dr. sradhakrishnan and congratulated pullela gopichand for his achievements in the field of sports.
;;0.8807;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi while addressing the nation through the 23rd installment of his monthly specialmann ki baat on sunday, hailed the relentless coaching skills of pullela gopichand, which had resulted in bringing out fantastic talents in badminton like sania nehwal and p v sindhu among others.
;;-0.6597;;the wives of the two sugar mill workers from east champaran, who set themselves ablaze while protesting non-payment of wages, have sought an appointment with prime minister narendramodi to discuss a fair probe into the death of their husbands.
;;-0.0772;;ahead of his delhi visit to meet prime minister narendramodi and other union ministers, he reiterated that farm loan waiver was his priority as he had promised and he would resign if he failed to fulfill it.
;;-0.743;;(pti photo)taking potshots at prime minister narendramodi on the third anniversary of his government, the congress today accused him of maintaining a strategic silence on a host of issues including rising atrocities on dalits and violence being perpetrated by cow vigilantes.
;;0.6486;;our prime minister narendramodi has clearly stated that as long as he is alive, reservation wil continue.
;;0.4019;;we appreciate the reform measures taken by prime minister narendramodi modis administration  gst etc.
;;-0.743;;prime minister narendramodi had asked bjp leaders to refrain from making irresponsible statements, saying such comments hurt the partys image.
;;-0.743;;(express photo by prashant nadkar/file) prime minister narendramodi had asked bjp leaders to refrain from making irresponsible statements, saying such comments hurt the partys image.
;;-0.743;;on sunday, prime minister narendramodi had asked bjp leaders to refrain from making irresponsible statements, saying such comments hurt the partys image.
;;0.0;;birbhum: prime minister narendramodi speaks with his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina during the annual convocation of visva bharati university, in birbhum, on friday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) birbhum: prime minister narendramodi speaks with his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina during the annual convocation of visva bharati university, in birbhum, on friday.
;;0.4019;;(pti photo)bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina, who is on a two-day visit to india, requested pm narendramodi for help in urging myanmar to take rohingya muslim refugees back, news agency ani reported.
;;-0.4404;;search giant google has reportedly been served a notice by an allahabad court on tuesday for listing, in a search result, prime minister narendramodi among the top 10 criminals in the world.
;;0.4404;;in an apparent reference to prime minister narendramodi modis announcement of drdos recent space achievement, trinamool congress (tmc) supremo mamata banerjee sunday said the bjp government has taken over all premier institutions in the country.
;;0.34;;the cm said she would extend her support to tdp chief chandrababu naidu, who pulled out his party of the nda in march 2018, alleging injustice was being done to andhra pradesh by the narendramodi government.
;;-0.4588;;on november 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi announced the withdrawal of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes to flush out high-denomination fake currency, mostly printed in pakistan.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi had also promised to build a panchadhatu statue of vidyasagar while he was in campaigning in bengal.
;;0.7579;;offering condolence on trivedis demise, prime minister narendramodi tweeted, an inspiring personality who won hearts both on & off the screen.
;;-0.4404;;a delegation of nine farmers was denied a meeting with prime minister narendramodi on monday.
;;0.2732;;pti photo / tv graba day after congress leader in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge shot off a strongly worded letter to prime minister narendramodi , objecting to the manner in which ips officer rakesh asthana was given additional charge as cbi director, the prime ministers office on thursday responded to the letter.
;;0.2023;;to a query from a reporter here as to gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis chances of becoming the bjp candidate for the post,party general secretary ananth kumar said,bjp has several persons who can become pm.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi announced a line of concessional credit of usd 4.
;;-0.3182;;this demise is a personal loss, prime minister narendramodi tweeted this morning.
;;0.4019;;in a joint statement issued after the third major bilateral summit between prime minister narendramodi and president barack obama, the u.s. called on nsg participating governments to support indias application when it comes up at the nsg plenary later this month.
;;0.5563;;prime minister narendramodi led the nation is paying tribute to one of indias most admired leaders.
;;0.1027;;hundreds, including prime minister narendramodi , bjp veteran lk advani, home minister amit shah, defence minister rajnath singh and leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad were present at the lodhi crematorium in delhi where the last rites were held.
;;-0.296;;advertisinginformally interacting with the media at dera baba nanak, amarinder said he has already sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention to pressure pakistan into withdrawing the service charge.
;;0.1779;;advertisingleader of the congress in lok sabha adhir ranjan chowdhury said in the lok sabha that the aviation minister wants to sell air india, the railways minister wants to sell its assets and prime minister narendramodi , he alleged, will one-day sell country.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)in a politically-significant move, prime minister narendramodi on saturday reconstituted a government committee on commemoration of the 125th birth anniversary of jawaharlal nehru which will be headed by him, replacing his predecessor manmohan singh.
;;0.1779;;the state government,while justifying the probe on lawyer vh kanara,has accused sanjiv bhatt of conspiring to frame the affidavit supporting his claim that he was present in chief minister narendramodi modis february 27,2002 meeting.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi visited the us and mexico recently to get support for access into the nsg.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi visited the us and mexico recently to get support for access into the nsg.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi modis address to the nation, following his governments decision to read down article 370, demote the status of jammu and kashmir, and carve it up into two union territories, was keenly awaited.
;;-0.4588;;after being snubbed by chief minister narendramodi during his recent rallies held as part of his sadbhavana mission,muslims today offered him a saffron shawl with tridents,damru and om namah shivayah printed on it.
;;-0.25;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked young ias officers to have a citizen-centric perspective in their service and try to come up with holistic solutions to problems assigned to them.
;;0.3612;;his name was deleted after prime minister narendramodi modis recent visit to the uk, where he had promised the punjabi diaspora, who had been barred entry into the country, that their names would be taken off the list.
;;-0.1027;;terming prime minister narendramodi modis stand on triple talaq as communal campaign cpi-m leader sitaram yechury on sunday questioned his alleged silence on impediments to widows remarriage in other religions.
;;-0.1027;;terming prime minister narendramodi modis stand on triple talaq as communal campaign cpi-m leader sitaram yechury today questioned his alleged silence on impediments to widows remarriage in other religions.
;;0.6808;;the opposition party said islamabads actions were return gift to prime minister narendramodi modis saree and shawl diplomacy.
;;0.0;;b'president barack obama listens as indian prime minister india narendramodi speaks to members of the media during their meeting in the oval office of the white house in washington.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/pablo martinez monsivais) president barack obama listens as indian prime minister india narendramodi speaks to members of the media during their meeting in the oval office of the white house in washington.
;;0.34;;culminating a decade of partnership on civil nuclear issues, prime minister narendramodi and us president barack obama during their white house meeting welcomed the start of preparatory work on site in india for six ap1000 reactors to be built by westinghouse, washington officials said.
;;0.0;;the congress leader said this is being done for three long years in delhi, what narendramodi did for 12 long years in gujarat by not appointing a lokayukta there.
;;0.8301;;pointing out that chief minister narendramodi has supporters and fans outside too,and right wing fundamentalists are not limited only to gujarat,he said the department must refrain from taking decisions that would jeopardise his security and safety of his family.
;;0.0;;in his letter to sit chairman r k raghvan,bhatt said: i am the only witness whose testimony directly links the role of mr narendramodi in the meeting of february 27,2002,with the resultant gujarat carnage.
;;-0.4019;;as you are personally aware,i have also sought to expose the role of the sit under your stewardship,as well as the role of mr narendramodi and his stooges in the administrative machinery of gujarat,in the on-going cover-up operations aimed at shielding the perpetrators of the gujarat carnage, he wrote to raghvan.
;;0.3818;;in case you are politically nave and do not fully understand what that word means today let me make clear that it means narendramodi modi.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at the red fort on the 70th independence day in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(express photo by renuka puri) prime minister narendramodi at the red fort on the 70th independence day in new delhi.
;;0.7964;;however, prime minister narendramodi seems unwilling to see it as a national event rather than an opportunity to enthuse party cadres.
;;-0.6486;;on sunday, as president recep tayyip erdogan touches down in delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi the day after, kashif, salman and omar are among those who want india to raise with turkey the issue of human rights violations committed during the purge that followed the failed coup.
;;0.0516;;file pm narendramodi modis deeper challenge is ensuring india has the allegiance of the majority of kashmiris rather than growing resentment and resistance, much as pakistan needs the baluch to have a stake in the pakistani state.
;;0.2944;;filereferences to balochistan, gilgit and pok by prime minister narendramodi signals a change in indias pakistan policy, top american experts on south asia have said as they sought more clarity on new delhis new approach towards disturbed areas in pakistan.
;;0.2732;;with a picture of chief minister arvind kejriwal taking a nap during prime minister narendramodi modis independence day speech going viral, senior aap leaders took to social media and tweeted images of ministers arun jaitley, manohar parrikar and anant kumar dozing off at the event as well.
;;-0.0572;;drawing a parallel between prime minister narendramodi and mamata, he added, at the centre, modi talks to people about his mann ki baat and doesnt want to listen to the mann ki baat of the nation.
;;0.6808;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi called the west bengal assembly polls a movement for freedom by people who want to be free from the shackles of a 35-year-long vicious cycle of oppression,a day after accusing left front government of not doing any development work in the state.
;;0.0;;despite the imposition of code of conduct, which strictly prohibits the display of any picture of a politician, including prime minister narendramodi , in government buildings, photos of pm modi were found displayed in one of the classrooms under pradhan mantri kaushal vikas yojna (pmkvy) on the premises of sector 26 police station on thursday.
;;0.8126;;it may seem like a small beginning but it is significant for the signal it sends: the process of rebranding gujarat chief minister narendramodi has begun in earnest.
;;0.296;;prime minister narendramodi will connect with the people through radio on friday when he will share his thoughts on a variety of issues.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressing the centenary celebrations of bharat sevashram sangha through video conferencing, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi addressing the centenary celebrations of bharat sevashram sangha through video conferencing, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photostating that the northeast has not seen balanced development, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that his government has initiated major infrastructure projects to make the region a gateway to southeast asia.
;;0.0;;home minister rajnath singh said prime minister narendramodi was running a government at the centre which firmly believes in taking every section of the society along and building a new india.
;;0.0;;(express photo/file) home minister rajnath singh said prime minister narendramodi was running a government at the centre which firmly believes in taking every section of the society along and building a new india.
;;0.0;;the home minister said prime minister narendramodi was running a government at the centre which firmly believes in taking every section of the society along and building a new india.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with his malaysian counterpart najib razak and waves to a gathering, before their meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo by shahbaz khan) prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with his malaysian counterpart najib razak and waves to a gathering, before their meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.5423;;(pti photo by shahbaz khan)malaysian prime minister mohammad najib tun abdul razak arrived in new delhi on saturday as part of his six-day visit to the country, where he expressed his deep admiration for prime minister narendramodi modis leadership.
;;0.0;;prime minister, narendramodi with his malaysian counterpart najib razak during the delegation level talks at hyderabad house, in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister, narendramodi with his malaysian counterpart najib razak during the delegation level talks at hyderabad house, in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/pmo)prime minister narendramodi has arrived in chinas qingdao to attend the two-day 18th shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit, which will be held on june 9 and 10.
;;0.9136;;last week, china had welcomed prime minister narendramodi modis remarks in singapore that the two countries have shown maturity and wisdom in resolving issues and ensuring a peaceful border.
;;0.0;;hitting out at prime minister narendramodi , mayawati said people should not fall for natakbaazi or jumlebaazi.
;;0.0;;bedi asked chief minister narendramodi to appoint a lokayukta.
;;0.0;;why does chief minister narendramodi not appoint a lokayukta in gujarat when he is getting mous involving investment of lakhs of crores of rupees in the state?
;;0.34;;elaborate security arrangements are in place here for prime minister narendramodi modis tour of his lok sabha constituency on sunday, his seventh visit to the ancient temple town after assuming office about two years ago.
;;0.0;;in his second interview to a private news channel cnn-news 18 on friday, prime minister narendramodi touched on many issues, including the kashmir unrest, robert vadra land deals, dalits, the indian economy among others.
;;0.0;;read: watching narendramodi modis interview is exactly similar to watching his speeches; twitter reacts# i have been painted as the one who doesnt listen, and only talks down.
;;0.128;;all abuzzwhile all eyes are on who meets prime minister narendramodi and bjp president shah these days after the election commissions notification set the ball rolling on presidential election, there is speculation that lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan could be a contender.
;;0.5423;;congress legislature party (clp) leader shaktisinh gohil on sunday demanded an independent probe into what he alleged was chief minister narendramodi modis nexus with corporate lobbyist niira radia and special investigation team (sit) chief r k raghavan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi enquired about his health.
;;-0.1531;;last week, bjp it cell chief amit malviya had sprung to the defence of prime minister narendramodi , who faced opprobrium because his twitter handle follows trolls who celebrated the murder of gauri lankesh.
;;-0.3182;;bks had recently submitted a memorandum to chief minister narendramodi for a compensation at a rate of rs 9,000 per acre to farmers having lost crops due to excessive rains.
;;0.3182;;qureshi was the first to confirm on friday that prime minister narendramodi and his pakistani counterpart imran khan exchanged pleasantries and a handshake in the leaders lounge.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had (then) said that he (singh) wears a raincoat while taking a bath.
;;0.0;;in the first conversation between the two since donald trump was sworn in as us president, prime minister narendramodi conveyed indias concerns on proposed changes to the h1b visa programme, official sources told the indian express.
;;0.765;;read | in first phone call, donald trump invites pm narendramodi to visit us later this yearwatch video |setback for us president donald trump, us judges reject travel banthe us president also raised the issue of the south china sea, and americas interest in ensuring freedom of navigation in international waters claimed by the chinese as their own.
;;0.8442;;watch video | pm narendramodi invites us president donald trump to visit indiathe white house readout, issued on january 25, stated: during a call with prime minister narendramodi of india, president trump emphasized that the united states considers india a true friend and partner in addressing challenges around the world.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at the election rally in kharagpur on sunday.
;;0.0;;(express photo: subham dutta) prime minister narendramodi at the election rally in kharagpur on sunday.
;;-0.2247;;(express photo: subham dutta)the packed bnr grounds in kharagpur saw a far more aggressive narendramodi than west bengal had seen during the bjp campaign of 2014.
;;-0.1531;;the expectation was that it would be held shortly  since neither side wanted to lose the momentum generated by prime minister narendramodi modis surprise visit to lahore on december 25.
;;0.765;;known for being a critique of prime minister narendramodi and the ruling bjp government, actor-turned-politician shatrughan sinha sunday praised the pm for his courageous, well-researched and thought-provoking independence day speech.
;;0.9246;;tn chief minister o panneerselvam has written to prime minister narendramodi , saying given that pongal festival, which holds great importance to the people of tamil nadu, is less than a week away and jallikattu is an integral part of the pongal festivities, considering the urgency of the issue, government of india should consider promulgating an ordinance removing the legal impediments, enabling the conduct of jallikattu during pongal, 2017, he said in the letter.
;;0.765;;mahagujarat janta party (mjp) president gordhan zadaphia on wednesday rubbished chief minister narendramodi modis claims of huge foreign direct investment (fdi) in the state in the last five years,uninterrupted power,high employment and growth in education sector.
;;-0.5106;;pursuant to the decision taken at the first meeting of the governing council of niti aayog held under the chairmanship of prime minister narendramodi on february 8, 2015, a task force on elimination of poverty in india was constituted by niti aayog on march 16, 2015 under the chairmanship of arvind panagariya, vice chairman, niti aayog.
;;0.0;;the presidents visit, which is a reciprocal visit to xis trip to india in 2014, will be followed by prime minister narendramodi modis visit to chinese city of hangzhou to take part in the g20 leaders summit to be held on september 4 and 5 this year.
;;-0.1531;;(express photo by oinam anand)prime minister narendramodi expressed concern over call drops last month and observed it affected common people.
;;-0.9062;;(representational image)prime minister narendramodi tonight condemned the killing of an e-rickshaw driver in delhi for stopping two men from urinating in public and directed the authorities to punish the culprits.
;;0.0;;expressed displeasure over the centres refusal,states urban development minister nitin patel said chief minister narendramodi has personally made a request to this effect to prime minister manmohan singh.
;;0.0;;kejriwal, though, wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention, there has been little response from the central government.
;;-0.4588;;(file)5) on day 4 of the sit-in protest, kejriwal wrote to prime minister narendramodi , requesting him, with folded hands, to intervene and end the agitation of the ias officers.
;;-0.5106;;on the sidelines of the niti aayog meeting, the four cms urged prime minister narendramodi to solve the constitutional crisis in delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will visit russia from september 4 to 5 during which he will hold a bilateral summit with russian president vladimir putin and attend the eastern economic forum in vladivostok, the external affairs ministry announced on monday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and israeli pm benjamin netanyahu during the latters first visit to india, in new delhi on january 15, 2018.
;;0.0;;(express photo by praveen jain) prime minister narendramodi and israeli pm benjamin netanyahu during the latters first visit to india, in new delhi on january 15, 2018.
;;0.2732;;this was the accepted practice until narendramodi came to power.
;;0.0772;;for instance, apart from narendramodi , a large number of his ministers flew to davos recently.
;;0.0;;sources in the ministry said the letter was sent to institutions that were deemed to be not performing up to the mark, or did not participate in the governments digitisation process in the aftermath of prime minister narendramodi modis announcement of demonetisation of high-value currency in november last year.
;;0.7003;;on b r ambedkars birth anniversary on april 14, javadekar wrote, prime minister narendramodi had asked students to popularise the use of bhim app and get rewarded in the process.
;;0.4019;;recently, andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu had met prime minister narendramodi during which he is believed to have raised the issue of special status for his state.
;;0.0;;the narendramodi government, in its first term, had set up a ministry of ayush in november 2014.
;;0.4939;;all things required by the world should be made in india, and it will begin with you, he said, exhorting students to save 1 litre water every day in line with prime minister narendramodi modis recent emphasis on water conservation.
;;0.6808;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on tuesday proposed that the party should take out tiranga yatras across the country to evoke nationalism and patriotism  two slogans that have rallied its supporters in recent months.
;;0.0;;they also watched the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis video conferencing on womens day.
;;-0.7269;;advertisingthe mp from silchar, west bengal, has filed a plea seeking directions to the poll panel to decide the congress complaints of model code of conduct violations by prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;-0.5423;;a day after prime minister narendramodi said that he was pained by the incident of lynching of a muslim youth in jharkhand, bsp president mayawati on thursday accused the bjp state governments of allowing crimes of casteist and communal frenzy in their respective states.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi announced several contributions to nuclear security.
;;0.4939;;(file photo)on the eve of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the annual meeting of the african development bank (afdb) in gandhinagar, at least five countries on monday took part in the ratification and signing ceremony of the framework agreement of the international solar alliance (isa)  an idea mooted by the pm in 2015.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo)raising the issue of triple talaq at the bjp national executive meet, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that justice should be done to muslim women, according to union road and transport minister nitin gadkari.
;;0.1027;;in another decision, the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea), chaired by the prime minister narendramodi , doubled the budget for laying an alternative communications network for defence services to rs 24,664 crore.
;;-0.4939;;advertisingthe move came after kohli had appeared as the advocate on record for bjp mp meenakshi lekhi a day earlier, on april 12, and had filed a contempt plea against congress chief rahul gandhi for his alleged remarks against prime minister narendramodi on the recent verdict in the rafale deal.
;;-0.1027;;into its 17th edition,the wief has been engulfed in controversies first for its decision to invite gujarat chief minister narendramodi to deliver a keynote address,and later for rescinding the same invitation following protest from a group of professor and students from the university of pennsylvania.
;;-0.4588;;scindia further said, it is surprising that prime minister narendramodi did not make a statement on the kashmir crisis in the parliament, even as he talked over the issue for half an hour during a programme at tribal-dominated alirajpur district in madhya pradesh.
;;-0.0258;;in september last year, stand-up comedian kapil sharma courted controversy after he tagged prime minister narendramodi in a twitter post claiming that a bmc official had demanded a bribe of rs 5 lakh to permit the construction of his office.
;;0.0;;the senior advocate of sc would be coming to gujarat for the first time after the apex court directed him to independently consider whether there is evidence against gujarat chief minister narendramodi and others in the gulberg society massacre case.
;;0.1027;;on a cloudy day, the proceedings began with prime minister narendramodi and defence minister manohar parrikar paying tributes to martyrs at the amar jawan jyoti at india gate.
;;0.0;;b'dmk leader m k stalin (file photo) dmk leader m k stalin (file photo)the dmk urged prime minister narendramodi today to withdraw the centres plea seeking clarification over the cauvery issue and constitute forthwith the cauvery management board to implement the apex court order on it.
;;0.743;;in his independence day speech last year, prime minister narendramodi had said women officers recruited into the armed forces under the short service commission would be given the option of taking up permanent commission  a gift to indias brave daughters.
;;-0.128;;a delegation of trinamool congress lawmakers met prime minister narendramodi in parliament on wednesday and submitted a memorandum, urging him to take steps to change the name of west bengal, demand for which has been pending with the centre.
;;-0.0772;;attacking the bjp government in uttar pradesh over the law and order situation, the aam admi party (aap) on sunday alleged that those close to prime minister narendramodi were working against chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.4019;;bhupendra ranataking a dig at prime minister narendramodi modis radio programme mann ki baat, congress vice-president rahul gandhi on monday said his party does not believe in just telling its own mann ki baat, we believe in listening to people.
;;0.5423;;the attack had stalled hopes of revived peace talks between the nations after prime minister narendramodi met his counterpart nawaz sharif in a surprise visit to islamabad in december 2015.
;;-0.1779;;in july 2011,vastanvi was sacked for praising narendramodi following his remarks on the gujarat chief ministers development policies and that muslims should forget the communal riots of 2002 and move on,which had raised the hackles of the conservatives.
;;0.128;;back in 2015, prime minister narendramodi had launched the beti padhao campaign in haryanas panipat district.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi had identified a long to-do list for the party in his address to its mps.
;;0.0258;;advertisinghe said kerala chief minister at the recent niti aayog meeting told prime minister narendramodi that the stategovernment was willing to takeover the thiruvananthapuram airport operation and sought immediate intervention in the matter.
;;0.875;;b'rlsp chief upendra kushwaha rlsp chief upendra kushwahaa day after the ljp, an ally of the bjp-led government at the centre, filed a review petition in the supreme court against the decision to dilute stringent provisions under the sc and st (prevention of atrocities) act, another nda member rashtriya lok samta party (rlsp) on tuesday sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention in the matter and appealed that the government should file a review petition in the supreme court against the order.
;;0.0;;indicating that devendra fadnavis will again become the chief minister of maharashtra if bjp and its allies get a second term, prime minister narendramodi on thursday urged the people to give absolute mandate to the fadnavis government in the upcoming state polls.
;;0.0;;b'file photo: prime minister narendramodi with his sri lankan counterpart ranil wickremesinghe before a meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;pti photo by vijay verma file photo: prime minister narendramodi with his sri lankan counterpart ranil wickremesinghe before a meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.3612;;an official release said that the cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi has been apprised of a mou between india and sri lanka for promoting co-operation in the field of information technology and electronics.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressed the nation in his 43rd mann ki baat radio programme on sunday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressed the nation in his 43rd mann ki baat radio programme on sunday.
;;0.5994;;observing that aadhaar was started before prime minister narendramodi came into office, gates said that it was very much to his credit that he was willing to embrace it.
;;0.0;;the new terminal was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on september 11.
;;0.4019;;union home minister and bjp president amit shah on friday lauded prime minister narendramodi on scrapping of the special status for jammu and kashmir under article 370 within 75 days of coming to power in its second term, while the previous congress-led governments could not do so in 72 years.
;;0.6486;;advertisinghe said prime minister narendramodi modis independence day announcement on creating the post of chief of defence staff will strengthen the countrys defence manifold.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi will hold deliberations with members of the council of ministers on tuesday, the first such exercise since the results of elections in five states were declared.
;;0.0;;passage of the gst bill has been accorded high priority ahead of completion of three years of the narendramodi government in may.
;;-0.5859;;over the last 10 days, the narsingh saga was lent a heavy political tinge after questions were raised in both houses of parliament and the demand made by prime minister narendramodi to ensure there was no injustice done to him, according to wrestling federation of india president and bjp mp brijbhushan sharan singh.
;;0.3472;;it was hearing a batch of pleas including the one filed by sudha mishra challenging the centres decision not to allow the public at large to deposit demonetised currency notes till march 31 as promised by prime minister narendramodi and others as the window ended on december 30 last year.
;;0.5256;;with the new cabinet led by prime minister narendramodi likely to take up the bill to criminalise triple talaq once again in the coming parliament session, muslim womens groups have asked for changes in the existing law in order to make it more effective.
;;-0.0772;;there had been patidar movements by rebel bjp leaders since 2007, but all of them were aborted during the then chief minister narendramodi modis time.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi had also termed the government as the biggest litigant and had pushed for a need to lessen the load on the judiciary which spends its maximum time in tackling cases where the government is a party.
;;-0.891;;rahul gandhi in wayanad highlights: on his three-day visit to kerala, congress president rahul gandhi held a roadshow in wayanad on saturday and said prime minister narendramodi represents the worst sentiment of the country  anger, lies and intolerance.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi , who is leading efforts to scrap single-use plastics by 2022, is likely to announce a ban on a few items on october 2, the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
;;0.0;;on june 21, the venue in sector 1, chandigarh, will host prime minister narendramodi and 30,000-odd participants for the second international yoga day event.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi modis three-day visit rode high on the symbolism of two like-minded countries coming together to celebrate their relationship openly after a discreet 25 year-romance.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi is set to meet us president donald trump for the first time since he took oath of office in january this year.
;;0.3612;;gpp fought the elections on the plank of patidars interests overlooked during reign of chief minister narendramodi , and sought to polarise votes of politically and economically influential patels.
;;0.0;;b'raghubar das, chief minister of jharkhand (express file photo) raghubar das, chief minister of jharkhand (express file photo)jharkhand chief minister raghubar das on friday congratulated prime minister narendramodi and his cabinet colleagues on completion of three years in office.
;;-0.296;;das also stated that no minister of the narendramodi government faced any corruption charge during the three years.
;;0.2732;;in december last year, sergei chemezov, ceo of rostec and prime minister narendramodi had agreed production of at least 200 russian light multipurpose helicopter ka-226t in india.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, rahul gandhi on friday spoke to prime minister narendramodi and sought assistance in tackling the flood situation in kerala, including his constituency wayanad.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is addressing gram sabhas across the country.
;;0.0;;file photo prime minister narendramodi is addressing gram sabhas across the country.
;;-0.1779;;militants carried out two attacks on police forces in jammu and kashmir last night, pushing the state to a high alert days ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit and the upcoming parliamentary bye-elections there.
;;0.0;;naga accord: prime minister narendramodi with nscn (im) leader thuingaleng muivah in august 2015.
;;0.0;;(pti file) naga accord: prime minister narendramodi with nscn (im) leader thuingaleng muivah in august 2015.
;;0.7506;;naga accord: prime minister naga accord: prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh and nscn(im) leader th muivah at the signing of the 2015 framework agreement; (top) muivah at the naga independence day on august 14, 2015, 11 days after the signing of the framework agreement.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi with union home minister rajnath singh, nscn (im) general secretary, thuingaleng muivah, nsa, ajit doval and others at the signing ceremony of historic peace accord between government of india & nscn, in new delhi on monday.
;;0.5423;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi with union home minister rajnath singh, nscn (im) general secretary, thuingaleng muivah, nsa, ajit doval and others at the signing ceremony of historic peace accord between government of india & nscn, in new delhi on monday.
;;-0.4588;;shiv sena and bjp hoardings and banners thanking prime minister narendramodi , defence minister manohar parrikar and the army for the surgical strikes on terror launch pads along the loc  and calling for more  have come up in places like lucknow, varanasi, agra and muzaffarnagar.
;;0.5267;;the opposite tires me, said pm modidevelopment and building of confidence are the key to address the problem of kashmir, prime minister narendramodi said on friday night while hoping that the youth of the valley wont get misled.
;;0.7184;;the congress on saturday asked prime minister narendramodi to dismiss four union ministers who are directors in india foundation, an ngo run by national security adviser (nsa) ajit dovals son shaurya, calling it a case of conflict of interest, which comes under the ambit of office of profit.
;;0.9136;;the uae thursday announced it will honour prime minister narendramodi with the prestigious zayed medal for playing a pivotal role in giving a big boost to the bilateral strategic ties.
;;0.8591;;we have historical and comprehensive strategic ties with india, reinforced by the pivotal role of my dear friend, prime minister narendramodi , who gave these relations a big boost.
;;0.9073;;i am extremely happy to welcome the announcement of order of zayed for a great son of india prime minister narendramodi by his highness mohamed bin zayed, external affairs minister sushma swaraj tweeted.
;;-0.2732;;sources said that two to three union ministers will attend the oath ceremony that mehbooba mufti wanted to be low key affair unlike previous oath ceremony of mufti mohammad sayeed which prime minister narendramodi attended.
;;-0.4767;;bhupendra ranaworkers, small shop-keepers and the poor in the state continue to reel under cash crunch since the announcement of demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 by prime minister narendramodi on november 8.
;;0.3818;;b'prime minister of india narendramodi , bjp national president amit shah at up chief minister yogi adityanaths oath taking ceremony(express photo) prime minister of india narendramodi , bjp national president amit shah at up chief minister yogi adityanaths oath taking ceremony(express photo)prime minister narendramodi was given all the credit for the bjps victory in up, until yogi adityanath was made chief minister.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi meets the president of uganda, yoweri museveni, in london on thursday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo/pib) prime minister narendramodi meets the president of uganda, yoweri museveni, in london on thursday.
;;-0.1779;;(source: pti photo/pib)the congress on thursday hit out at prime minister narendramodi over his cavalier conduct of foreign policy at the commonwealth summit and bilateral meeting with british counterpart theresa may, saying it is hurting indias national interests.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi (right) and uk prime minister theresa may in london.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has only one agenda  development, development and development.
;;0.0;;earlier today, prime minister narendramodi chaired a meeting of senior cabinet ministers.
;;0.6369;;prime minister prime minister narendramodi is expected to visit the best performing district on april 14.
;;0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to visit the best performing district on april 14, the 127th birth anniversary of babasaheb bhimrao ambedkar, said officials.
;;-0.34;;insisting that prime minister narendramodi come to parliament to make a statement on us president donald trumps claim that he had asked him to mediate on kashmir, the opposition parties tuesday refused to settle for the statement made in both houses by external affairs minister s jaishankar who denied that any such request was made to trump.
;;-0.8016;;home minister said that he and prime minister narendramodi were deeply pained because of incidents of violence in the valley.
;;-0.4404;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi has given approval to the promulgation of the criminal law (amendment) ordinance, 2018 for effective deterrence against the commission of rape.
;;0.3612;;lauding prime minister narendramodi for sanctioning several schemes for the state in the last two years, khandu assured of implementing all central projects with transparency.
;;0.4019;;people have voted in support of the development works carried out by chief minister narendramodi , bjp spokesman i k jadeja said.
;;-0.6908;;here are reactions from some of these leaders:prime minister narendramodi modiappalled by the horrific attack in nice.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi modis official twitter handle @pmoindia has over 12.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis official twitter handle @pmoindia has over 12.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis government has once again landed itself in a twitter controversy.
;;0.0;;this time, its about images reportedly tweeted from the @pmoindia handle that showed villagers in nagla fatela, a village near the national capital, watching independence day celebrations on television where prime minister narendramodi , in his speech, claimed his government has electrified that village.
;;0.8625;;advertisingin august, a bill to increase the number of judges in the top court from 30 to 33 was passed in parliament after cji gogoi requested prime minister narendramodi to increase the number of supreme court judges.
;;0.0;;one of the first halts made by the new cm was to prime minister narendramodi modis office, seeking aid.
;;0.3818;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)my dear countrymen, namaskar.
;;0.0;;the commemoration will conclude with a mega function to be attended by prime minister narendramodi on november 12.
;;0.2023;;the 12 member committee headed by h r nagendra, believed to be prime minister narendramodi modis yoga guru, has also recommended that the net exams, the qualification criterion for university teachers, in this subject be conducted this year itself.
;;0.0;;last year, prime minister narendramodi had led the crowd in performing what were strictly traditional yoga poses.
;;0.2732;;president xi and prime minister narendramodi during their meetings have agreed to deepen bilateral cooperation and make joint efforts to build even closer development partnership, he said.
;;0.8555;;a former congress councillor and lawyer,rohit patel,has written to the chief minister narendramodi to provide security to justice (retired) r a mehta,whose appointment as gujarat lokayukta by the governor has been upheld by the supreme court.
;;-0.296;;prime minister narendramodi has pointedly referred to pakistan as the one country responsible for spreading terrorism in south asia in his successive multilateral meetings, including the g20.
;;-0.296;;prime minister narendramodi has pointedly referred to pakistan as the one country responsible for spreading terrorism in south asia in his successive multilateral meetings, including the g20.
;;-0.296;;prime minister narendramodi has pointedly referred to pakistan as the one country responsible for spreading terrorism in south asia in his successive multilateral meetings, including the g20.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and emir of qatar sheikh tamim bin hamad al-thani during delegation-level talks at emiri diwan in doha, qatar.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi and emir of qatar sheikh tamim bin hamad al-thani during delegation-level talks at emiri diwan in doha, qatar.
;;0.4215;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi left doha on sunday, ending the second part of his five-nation trip to afghanistan, qatar, switzerland, united states and mexico.
;;0.0;;following the establishment of international solar alliance in december 2017, prime minister narendramodi hosted its founding conference in new delhi in march 2018, during which the delhi solar agenda was adopted, she said.
;;0.6369;;with jd(u) staying firm in it opposition to gujarat chief minister narendramodi being made ndas prime ministerial candidate,bjp president rajnath singh today gave subtle hints that his party is ready to sort out any issues with its old ally.
;;0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi articulated a model of harmonious india-china relations when he said the key lies in respect and sensitivity for each others core interests.
;;0.5106;;union minister of environment, forests and climate change prakash javadekar, who is in sao paolo, brazil, to attend the ministerial meetings of brics and basic countries, responded to prime minister narendramodi modis call to make india free of single-use plastic and said that his ministry will review all initiatives and campaigns in this regard and chalk out a concrete plan to realise this target.
;;0.7003;;(express)if the bjp is to be believed, prime minister narendramodi was never supposed to visit mogas dhudike village for the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of freedom fighter lala lajpat rai on friday.
;;0.0;;b'dhanraj pillay appealed to pm narendramodi to provide assistance for treatment of mohammad shahid.
;;0.0;;(source: file) dhanraj pillay appealed to pm narendramodi to provide assistance for treatment of mohammad shahid.
;;0.6808;;(source: file)former india hockey captain dhanraj pillay thanked prime minister narendramodi , sports ministry and the indian railways for their support and assistance to former national captain mohammad shahid.
;;-0.6908;;sohrabuddin was branded by the team as a lashkar-e-toiba operative, who was planning to kill key political leaders, including the then chief minister narendramodi , now pm.
;;0.3182;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi is not atal bihari vajpayee,who was acceptable to a cross-section of people.
;;-0.296;;uttam k. bhowmiktamluk* bihar chief minister nitish kumar seemed to allude to narendramodi during his speech on sunday (nitish pulls no punches,bjp hints enough,ie,april 15).
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)accusing the samajwadi party (sp) government in uttar pradesh of indulging in discrimination (bhedbhav), prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that if a village gets a graveyard, it should get a cremation ground too; if there is electricity during ramzan, it should be there on diwali as well; and if there is electricity during holi, it should be there on eid too.
;;0.0;;(file photo)in a letter to prime minister narendramodi and environment minister anil madhav dave, the chairperson of parliamentary standing committee on science and technology, environment and forests, renuka chowdhury, has expressed concern over genetically modified (gm) mustard getting green nod for commercial cultivation from the central biotech regulator  genetic engineering appraisal committee (geac).
;;0.0;;he termed prime minister narendramodi modis recent rally in ballia as historic.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi will visit pune on saturday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will visit pune on saturday.
;;0.2732;;b'the project will contribute significantly in achieving prime minister narendramodi modis target of producing 175 gigawatt of electricity through renewable energy sources by 2022, said gujarat cm vijay rupani.
;;0.2732;;the project will contribute significantly in achieving prime minister narendramodi modis target of producing 175 gigawatt of electricity through renewable energy sources by 2022, said gujarat cm vijay rupani.
;;0.2732;;the project will contribute significantly in achieving prime minister narendramodi modis target of producing 175 gigawatt of electricity through renewable energy sources by 2022, said rupani.
;;0.4939;;chief minister mehbooba mufti earlier said only prime minister narendramodi could resolve the kashmir problem as he has a strong mandate and appealed to him to pull the valley out of morass.
;;0.2263;;b'prime minister narendramodi said that like an ordinary citizen, he too gets influenced by good or bad things.
;;0.2263;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi said that like an ordinary citizen, he too gets influenced by good or bad things.
;;-0.1779;;(pti photo)answering the critics of his mann ki baat radio broadcast, prime minister narendramodi today said he had not thought it would be viewed politically when he launched the programme more than two years back.
;;0.0;;bjp president amit shah with bjp delhi chief manoj tiwari, mp meenakshi lekhi and other leaders listens to prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat radio programme at guru ravi das dham slum at r k puram in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo bjp president amit shah with bjp delhi chief manoj tiwari, mp meenakshi lekhi and other leaders listens to prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat radio programme at guru ravi das dham slum at r k puram in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.8555;;the i & b ministry said the idea of organising brics film festival originated at the last brics summit, where prime minister narendramodi proposed a brics film festival and film awards.
;;0.5574;;briefing reporters following his partys national executive meeting on april 29 and 30 in dadra and nagar haveli, he heaped praise on prime minister narendramodi for his pro-dalit measures.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and tamil nadu chief minister ek palaniswami.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and tamil nadu chief minister ek palaniswami.
;;-0.34;;the chief minister told prime minister narendramodi that the arrest came days after external affairs minister sushma swaraj had met tamil nadu ministers and the fishermen representatives separately this month.
;;0.0;;a day after the ed, probing the agustawestland vvip chopper deal case, filed its supplementary chargesheet detailing the statement of alleged middleman christian michel james and claimed that kickbacks had been paid, prime minister narendramodi brought it up at an election rally friday.
;;0.4404;;(pti photo)the nda government at the centre is keen on reducing isolation of the northeastern states through its ambitious act east policy for all-round connectivity of the region, prime minister narendramodi said in shillong on friday.
;;0.5563;;(source: file photo)stating that prime minister narendramodi modis visit to vietnam is a bilateral one, foreign secretary s. jaishankar has said that very strong outcomes can be expected from the visit.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi meets chief ministers j khattar, d fadnavis and harish rawat at the eleventh inter-state council meeting at rashtrapati bhavan, in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi meets chief ministers j khattar, d fadnavis and harish rawat at the eleventh inter-state council meeting at rashtrapati bhavan, in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.4019;;an organisation representing the sindhi community has urged prime minister narendramodi to declare sindhi new year cheti chand as a general holiday every year.
;;-0.6486;;kanara is one of the accused in the case registered against suspended ips officer sanjiv bhatt for allegedly forcing police constable k d panth to sign an affidavit which was corroborating bhatts presence at a meeting called by chief minister narendramodi on february 27,2002.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on monday held a telephonic conversation with us president donald trump over the prevailing situation in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.7003;;)congress leader digvijaya singh saturday asked party supporters to join social media to combat prime minister narendramodi modis biggest strength of faking news ahead of the 2019 lok sabha polls.
;;-0.8625;;a metropolitan court on thursday pulled up activist teesta setalvad for unnecessarily intervening in proceedings and wasting its time in an ongoing case related to zakia jafris complaint that accuses chief minister narendramodi and others of complicity in post-godhra riots.
;;0.128;;after his resignation, he wrote two letters, to prime minister narendramodi and to tamil nadu governor vidyasagar rao, thanking them for their support.
;;0.4019;;the senior bjp leaders would directly interact with the people and apprise them about prime minister narendramodi modis desire of making odisha as the laboratory of development, samal said.
;;-0.1695;;a us-based analytics company facing allegations that it received personal data from the official mobile app of prime minister narendramodi without the consent of app users, has said that it does not sell, rent or re-market data.
;;0.4939;;j&k chief minister mehbooba mufti (file photo) j&k chief minister mehbooba mufti (file photo)jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti came out in strong support of prime minister narendramodi saying he alone can help the people of the state in these troubling circumstances.
;;0.1027;;lauding prime minister narendramodi for his decisiveness, jaitley said unlike the previous prime minister (manmohan singh), modi has been decisive in taking steps with regard to demonetisation, surgical strike against pakistan and the goods and services tax (gst).
;;0.2344;;meeting a delegation of muslim ulemas and intellectuals, prime minister narendramodi on thursday hailed the indian youth for resisting radicalization and asserted that the countrys culture, traditions and social fabric will never allow the nefarious designs of the terrorists or their sponsors to succeed.
;;0.2344;;(source: express photo) meeting a delegation of muslim ulemas and intellectuals, prime minister narendramodi on thursday hailed the indian youth for resisting radicalization and asserted that the countrys culture, traditions and social fabric will never allow the nefarious designs of the terrorists or their sponsors to succeed.
;;0.2344;;(source: express photo)meeting a delegation of muslim ulemas and intellectuals, prime minister narendramodi on thursday hailed the indian youth for resisting radicalization and asserted that the countrys culture, traditions and social fabric will never allow the nefarious designs of the terrorists or their sponsors to succeed.
;;-0.5423;;moderate to high turnout on wednesday marked the polling in the seventh phase of lok sabha elections on a day when narendramodi sparked a major controversy by violating the election law by making a speech and displaying bjps poll symbol in a booth.
;;0.4019;;in gujarat, bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi and party veteran l k advani were among the early voters in gandhinagar.
;;-0.7783;;(express photo: tashi tobgyal)congress president rahul gandhi on monday said that while dalits may die and women may get raped, the only thing that prime minister narendramodi is interested in is himself.
;;0.0;;how can narendramodi become prime minister, modi wants to know the answer to only this question.
;;0.4939;;narendra modi only wants to understand how narendramodi will become prime minister, rahul said, speaking at the launch of the congresss save the constitution campaign at talkatora stadium here.
;;0.7184;;the bjp, which is facing the heat from demonetisation, fancies its chances on a split in the muslim vote as well as a reverse hindu consolidation  plus of course, prime minister narendramodi modis personal popularity.
;;0.1779;;expelled bjp mp ram jethmalani friday slammed chief minister narendramodi modis detractors within the party,saying those opposing him are unable to overcome their desire to become the prime minister.
;;-0.2732;;the bilateral equation was at an all-time low after prime minister narendramodi thought pakistan was plotting an electoral hijack of gujarat from the bjps control.
;;0.0;;(jaipal singh)the administrations of chandigarh and panchkula were in an overdrive saturday making preparations for the arrival of the prime minister narendramodi on sunday.
;;0.1027;;on tuesday, prime minister narendramodi had reached out, invoking atal bihari vajpayees mantra of insaniyat, jamhooriyat, kashmiriyat.
;;-0.2732;;on monday, after nine farmers were denied the opportunity to present their demands to prime minister narendramodi , three escalated their agitation by streaking naked across the road near the pmo.
;;0.0;;the notice comes just a couple of days after leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad wrote an open letter to prime minister narendramodi urging him to break his silence over the issue.
;;0.2732;;he also took a swipe at prime minister narendramodi and said the head of the country as well as chief ministers of states should not be allowed to campaign during elections.
;;0.0;;one of them, richard rober, lauded prime minister narendramodi for his pro-gm stand.
;;0.4188;;b'former union minister beni prasad vermas praise of prime minister narendramodi has not gone down well with the uttar pradesh congress, which has decided to seek an explanation from him.
;;0.0;;trump, who was not scheduled to attend the summit, came during prime minister narendramodi modis address and stayed for about 10 minutes before departing for another event.
;;0.697;;but without doubt, this is certainly a historic day for shiyal bet when narendramodi was the chief minister, he had decided to give 24-hours-a-day electricity to the people of the state.
;;0.5994;;the inauguration of project is also important with respect to prime minister narendramodi modis target to electrify18,000 villages of the country by mid-2018.
;;0.6369;;(express photo)the 8th edition of the vibrant gujarat global summit will be inaugurated tomorrow by prime minister narendramodi , which will be held on a mega scale this time with many head of states, top global and indian ceos and several business houses expected to participate in it.
;;0.0;;the affidavit was regarding ips officer sanjiv bhatts presence in the february 27,2002,meeting called by chief minister narendramodi after the godhra train carnage.
;;0.4019;;b'pm narendramodi pm narendramodi modiconcerned over parties and workers spending too much time and money in electioneering, prime minister narendramodi has floated the idea of holding simultaneous elections to panchayats, urban local bodies, states and parliament.
;;0.34;;b'prime minister narendramodi (file) prime minister narendramodi (file)records pertaining to the prime ministers chartered flights for visits abroad cannot be disclosed under the rti act due to security concerns as per instructions from the pmo, the national carrier has said in response to an application filed by an activist under the transparency law.
;;0.0;;the rajya sabha on tuesday returned finance bill (no 2), 2019, and appropriation bill (no 2), 2019, even as most of the opposition walked out without discussing it over the issue of us president donald trumps remarks that prime minister narendramodi had asked for his intervention on the kashmir issue.
;;-0.4019;;(source: pti)the congress party, denouncing prime minister narendramodi modis remarks on ongoing violence in the kashmir valley following the encounter of hizb-ul-mujahideen commander burhan muzaffar wani, questioned what took him so long to speak on the sensitive matter.
;;0.4588;;the grand rally of prime minister narendramodi during the bjp national executive at allahabad in and the rallies organised by amit shah in various parts of up since are a part of the bjps plan to capture up.
;;0.4404;;first, it plans to organise bigger and better rallies than narendramodi and the bjp.
;;0.765;;prime minister narendramodi celebrating diwali with defence force personnel in siachen and with kashmiris has immensely boosted their morale.
;;0.0772;;siddharth ostwalmalegaonraring to researchat the convocation of the all india institute of medical sciences, prime minister narendramodi stressed on the need to boost medical research in india.
;;0.2023;;hours earlier, in an indirect reference to prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah, leader of opposition gopal bhargav had claimed in the house that the congress government would not last 24 hours once the bjp gets a signal from the top leadership.
;;-0.5106;;however, the fact that the two diplomats did not come together before the media and instead gave aggressive individual statements shows that prime minister narendramodi modis december pakistan initiative is in deep trouble.
;;-0.6908;;the police had claimed he wanted to kill chief minister narendramodi and other senior bjp and vhp leaders.
;;-0.2732;;stepping up its attack on prime minister narendramodi over the economic slowdown plaguing the country, congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra on sunday urged the government to take meaningful steps and find solution for people losing employment.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will saturday visit his parliamentary constituency varanasi to launch the bjps countrywide membership drive.
;;-0.3818;;the bjp,which had put up posters of chief minister narendramodi around the msu campus,describing him a youth icon,began removing them after the results started coming in of abvp losing the posts of vice-president and general secretary.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/pmo)bihar chief minister nitish kumar today requested prime minister narendramodi to send a team of experts to the eastern state before june 10 to assess the situation of silting in ganga, as it was causing ill-effects on the river.
;;0.4404;;from declaring prime minister narendramodi to be a better brand name than mahatma gandhi to comparing congress president rahul gandhi with the deadly nipah virus, that has claimed many lives, vij has remained controversys favourite child with a series of foot-in-mouth remarks.
;;0.4019;;the party said the future of the country is dark from an economic and social point of view, and that the three years of narendramodi government had been all about bravado, rhetoric and hyperbole.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi had promised 2 crore jobs a year.
;;0.4019;;(source: twitter/@ani_news)prime minister narendramodi , accompanied by other bhartiya janta party (bjp) leaders, laid the foundation for the ruling partys new headquarters in delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;indias decision to host the summit next year was announced during prime minister narendramodi modis recent visit here.
;;-0.5267;;the election commission of india on friday said it did not find anything in prime minister narendramodi modis radio broadcast called man ki baat that violated the electoral model code of conduct.
;;0.2484;;the elections hang heavy on the ie100 list of most powerful indians which has new faces coming in and old ones shooting up and down dependent on what they bring to the tablelike last year, prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah retained the prime positions in the power list  becoming the no.
;;0.0;;he also added that though chief minister narendramodi has also been named by sharma as one of the respondents to the petition,the tribunal has issued notice to the state government to decide on the issue of immunity to sharma first.
;;0.0;;sharma,presently posted at rajkot as the deputy inspector general of police (armed unit),has also alleged that the narendramodi government is acting with malafide intention against him.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with his cabinet colleagues.
;;0.0;;prem nath pandey prime minister narendramodi with his cabinet colleagues.
;;0.0;;on the same day, prime minister narendramodi gave his independence day address from the red fort and the most memorable and consequential part of his speech, it now seems, was his reference to balochistan.
;;0.0;;the parliament has been in logjam since the winter session started in november due to clashing voices and opinions on the demonetisation of rs 1000 and rs 500 notes, a measure announced by prime minister narendramodi on november 8.
;;-0.4215;;watch what else is making newsspeaking to reporters, stalin referred to widespread protests by youths and students in the state demanding that the bull taming sport be held in tamil nadu and claimed that this resulted in the chief minister meeting prime minister narendramodi in delhi yesterday to press for an ordinance.
;;0.3182;;what began as 25 letters sent to prime minister narendramodi in june, inviting him to houston during his us visit, has now become a mega event, with $2.
;;0.4588;;eu foreign policy chief federica mogherini had separate meetings with prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj during which key issues of common interest were discussed with a focus on further ramping up overall ties.
;;0.0;;expressthe family of slain rationalist narendramodi dabholkar said on saturday that it has been trying to seek an audience with prime minister narendramodi for one year, but the prime ministers office (pmo) kept the request on hold.
;;0.4215;;pm narendramodi and donald trump (right) pm narendramodi and donald trump (right)trump dials modi, invites him to usunited states president donald trump, in a phone call late last night, invited prime minister narendramodi to the united states.
;;0.743;;during a call with prime minister narendramodi of india, president trump emphasised that the us considers india a true friend and partner in addressing challenges around the world, the white house said in a readout of the call.
;;0.6908;;though bjp president rajnath singh,stalwart l k advani and leader of opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj addressed a number of public meetings,it was gujarat chief minister narendramodi who clearly stole the show for the party.
;;0.128;;(source: twitter/inc)hitting back at rahul gandhi for his statement that prime minister narendramodi will not be able to face the lok sabha even for 15 minutes, the bjp on wednesday said such a challenge from the congress president, who cannot speak anywhere for as many minutes without consulting a slip is laughable.
;;0.2023;;in any public event or even in the parliament, rahul gandhi has been unable to speak at length for 15 minutes and, in this case, challenging prime minister narendramodi is laughable.
;;-0.34;;tripathi also said, when the students asked rahul gandhi valid questions on development, rahul gandhi tried to shift the blame to prime minister narendramodi and up chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi and the president of afghanistan mohammad ashraf ghani jointly inaugurating the afghan-india friendship dam (salma dam), in heart, afghanistan.
;;0.4404;;(source: pib/file) prime minister narendramodi and the president of afghanistan mohammad ashraf ghani jointly inaugurating the afghan-india friendship dam (salma dam), in heart, afghanistan.
;;0.5423;;(reuters)exactly a week after prime minister narendramodi landed in lahore, hoping to turn the course of history, his ambitious project is being tested by fire.
;;0.0;;several ias officers in the state have also signed an online petition to prime minister narendramodi , seeking inquiry by the central agency.
;;0.5719;;tripura withdrew the afspa in 2015  prime minister narendramodi lauded the states success in tackling insurgency.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday was honoured with the king hamad order of the renaissance as he held talks with king of bahrain hamad bin isa al khalifa on various bilateral and regional issues.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has been conferred the king hamad order of the renaissance.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi conferred the king hamad order of the renaissance by king of bahrain, hamad bin isa al khalifa.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was invited by us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi was invited by us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to arrive in washington dc on june 25 and hold talks with president donald trump, the ministry of external affairs said on monday.
;;0.4939;;president donald j. trump spoke with prime minister narendramodi of india to congratulate him on the outcome of indias recent state-level elections.
;;0.0;;in a recent address, prime minister narendramodi and health minister j p nadda announced that the immunisation coverage was increasing by almost 7 per cent each year, and currently stood at 80 per cent.
;;0.3744;;(illustration: c r sasikumar)i hardly know a baloch who is not excited about and appreciative of prime minister narendramodi modis recent statement on balochistan.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan after a meeting giving a hug to each other at hyderabad house in new delhi on monay.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan after a meeting giving a hug to each other at hyderabad house in new delhi on monay.
;;-0.8442;;the virtual rejection of erdogans suggestion came in the course of his discussion with prime minister narendramodi , during which the two countries held that no intent or goal or reason or rationale can validate terrorism and decided to work together to deepen cooperation, both bilaterally and multilaterally, to effectively counter this menace.
;;-0.296;;a day after prime minister narendramodi modis public meeting at thakurnagar in north 24 parganas, the district trinamool congress filed a police complaint against bjp leaders for felling trees to build a helipad.
;;-0.3182;;(source: ani)congress president sonia gandhi on monday hit out at prime minister narendramodi and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee for making false promises, and said the modi-mamata collusion was a grave danger to the state as well as democracy.
;;0.1531;;haren pandya murder case z says l k advani is like a father figure,narendra modi should declare the quest for justice as his causejagruti pandya,wife of slain former state home minister haren pandya,on wednesday sought re-investigation of the 2003 murder case and urged chief minister narendramodi and senior bjp leader l k advani to support her in her quest for justice.
;;0.7096;;i have said that shri narendramodi should take up this as his crusade and ensure that the killers,who are roaming free on the streets,are caught.
;;0.0258;;the bihar chief minister also had a dig at prime minister narendramodi for non-fulfillment of various promises made to bihar during the 2014 general elections and assembly polls in the state the next year saying we implement whatever works we promise, but others forget about it.
;;0.6369;;pm modi addresses 8th hom conference at new delhi (source: gopal baglay @meaindia via twitter) pm modi addresses 8th hom conference at new delhi (source: gopal baglay @meaindia via twitter)prime minister narendramodi on saturday addressed an indian heads of mission meet, which is brainstorming key foreign policy issues and challenges including indias engagement with major powers as well as strain in ties with pakistan and china.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi greets his nepalese counterpart sher bahadur deuba before their talks in new delhi.
;;0.1531;;(source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi greets his nepalese counterpart sher bahadur deuba before their talks in new delhi.
;;-0.1877;;modis last-minute no-showeven the pleading by a bjp mla from mehsana could not convince chief minister narendramodi to attend the mass marriage ceremony organised by the samast kshatriya thakore samaj in the district on thursday.
;;0.0;;united,they standfollowing narendramodi modis call for unity among the cadre seems to have worked.
;;0.0;;according to sources,the bjp it cell,whose members are also contributing to modis official portal narendramodi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah and union finance minister arun jaitley during the diwali mangal milan programme at bjp headquarters in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;(pti/manvender vashist) prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah and union finance minister arun jaitley during the diwali mangal milan programme at bjp headquarters in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.9125;;(pti/manvender vashist)prime minister narendramodi is the most bitterly criticised person post independence, bjp chief amit shah said on friday, adding that if criticism was targeted against the country, it cannot be called freedom of expression.
;;-0.7408;;(after the independence, if there is one person who has received the most bitter criticism, it is narendramodi ji), he said at the inauguration of india idea conclave 2016 in goa.
;;0.0258;;this is even as chief minister narendramodi has been trying to reach out to nrgs.
;;0.0;;b'jamshedpur: prime minister narendramodi (c) holds traditional chou headgear during the launch of gramuday se bharat uday abhiyan in jamshedpur on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo jamshedpur: prime minister narendramodi (c) holds traditional chou headgear during the launch of gramuday se bharat uday abhiyan in jamshedpur on sunday.
;;-0.5994;;campaigning in fatehpur on sunday, prime minister narendramodi accused uttar pradeshs sp government of bhedbhaav or discrimination on the basis of religion and caste, and suggested that it was the biggest problem facing the state today.
;;0.0;;the new terminal of chandigarh international airport located in mohali was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in 2015.
;;0.0;;express archives the new terminal of chandigarh international airport located in mohali was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in 2015.
;;0.0;;the new terminal of chandigarh international airport located in mohali was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in 2015.
;;0.7717;;his remarks came a day after prime minister narendramodi made a strong pitch against the divisive issue of triple talaq, insisting that exploitation of muslim women should end and justice be done to them.
;;0.5106;;b'afghan president ashraf ghani, right, iranian president hassan rouhani, center, and prime minister narendramodi , hold hands in a show of solidarity after their trilateral meeting and signing agreements, in tehran on may 23, 2016.
;;0.5106;;(source: iranian presidency office via ap/ file) afghan president ashraf ghani, right, iranian president hassan rouhani, center, and prime minister narendramodi , hold hands in a show of solidarity after their trilateral meeting and signing agreements, in tehran on may 23, 2016.
;;0.0;;the catholics bishop conference of india (cbci), the largest umbrella group of catholic denominations in the country, has expressed its displeasure in being portrayed as a co-host of a seminar in which prime minister narendramodi is the chief guest.
;;-0.5106;;here is how the international media reported this news:new york times (us)the choice of yogi adityanath  who has been repeatedly accused of stirring anti-muslim sentiments  to lead uttar pradesh, came as a shock to many political observers here, who have become accustomed to the carefully moderated public positions of prime minister narendramodi , in line with his projected image as a pro-development leader and global statesman, read the nyt report.
;;-0.5859;;stung by congress diatribes,gujarat chief minister narendramodi today attacked rahul gandhi on his remark that india is a beehive,dubbing it as an insult to the nation which is like a mother to its people.
;;-0.4215;;randeep singh surjewala, chairman of the aicc media cell, wednesday criticised prime minister narendramodi and haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar for remaining mute spectators despite the explosive situation.
;;-0.7351;;the cardinal also denied reports that prime minister narendramodi had rejected a request on pope franciss visit to india.
;;0.128;;the letter of request (lor) sent by new delhi a week ago comes less than a fortnight after india was inducted into missile technology control regime (mtcr) and recognised by the us as a major defense partner after the meeting between prime minister narendramodi and president barack obama, earlier in june.
;;-0.0258;;chowdhury also criticised prime minister narendramodi , alleging that he had denigrated her dignity when he said during a debate in the rajya sabha that she reminded him of a character in the television serial ramayan.
;;0.4939;;chowdhury was referring to prime minister narendramodi modis apparent dig at her, saying her laughter reminded him of the serial ramayan.
;;-0.1027;;source: mohsin kalbewhen it comes to campaign speeches, bsp chief mayawati isnt exactly known for the impromptu flourish  she reads out her one-hour-long speech that has, by now, a predictable routine: attack on prime minister narendramodi , his government, the bjp and rss, states samajwadi party government and congress.
;;-0.6124;;saying that she is being forced to give a tit-for-tat reply to pm for his remark at a rally that bsp has become behenji sampatti party, mayawati described narendramodi damodardas modis initials as negative dalit man.
;;-0.5106;;in uttar pradesh also, the partys failure in projecting one face as the chief minister has made the assembly election into prime minister narendramodi vs akhilesh yadav whereas in bihar nitish kumar was pitched against modi.
;;-0.25;;(source: express photo by tashi tobgyal)mocking what he called prime minister narendramodi modis expensive clothing, congress vice-president rahul gandhi on thursday said modi had failed to deliver on the promise of bringing back black money.
;;0.0772;;two weeks after warning his partys mps for being absent in the house, prime minister narendramodi pulled up union ministers who skipped debates in parliament, during bjps parliamentary party meeting on tuesday.
;;0.802;;(photo by dasarath deka)bjp national president amit shah on sunday said improved relations with neighbouring countries like bangladesh, myanmar and bhutan under prime minister narendramodi will transform the economy of the northeast and generate much higher growth.
;;0.0772;;he said that pm narendramodi modis sabka saath sabka vikas would end secessionist tendencies in the northeast, which bore the brunt of the badnaami of congress rule that was responsible for bringing down the regions gdp from one of the highest in pre-independent india.
;;0.8573;;but narendramodi modis mantra of sabka saath sabka vikas is succeeding in freeing all of the northeast from algawad, shah said.
;;0.0;;the issue of kashmir unrest also featured in the bharatiya janata partys core group meeting headed by prime minister narendramodi a couple of days ago.
;;0.0;;but, when narendramodi became the prime minister, he asked the officials to expedite work in this regard while taking the state governments along.
;;-0.8591;;pti photocontinuing his denunciation of cow vigilantes, prime minister narendramodi on sunday asked people to beware of its fake protectors trying to divide society and the country and asked the states to severely punish them.
;;-0.8779;;#watch: pm narendramodi speaks on fake gau rakshaks, stresses on the need to expose and punish them, in telanganahttp://t.
;;-0.6597;;among the list of suspects who gave out the contract to kill baliga is naresh shenoy (39), a former convener of the namo brigade  a youth organisation floated in karnataka to drum up support for prime minister narendramodi ahead of the 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;-0.8225;;(file image)former prime minister manmohan singh and top congress leaders on monday wrote to president ram nath kovind and asked him to caution prime minister narendramodi against using menacing, threatening and intimidating language to attack them.
;;0.7003;;b'prime minister narendramodi also assured that with the help of the tata memorial trust and their expertise, the government will soon build four cancer centers, which will help to decrease the travelling time of patients and their families.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi also assured that with the help of the tata memorial trust and their expertise, the government will soon build four cancer centers, which will help to decrease the travelling time of patients and their families.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday asserted that the aim of the government is to spend at least 2.
;;0.2204;;nobody would know this better than narendramodi , who, as the gujarat chief minister in a 2012 republic day-eve blog, voiced concern over the systematic disruption of the countrys federal structure merely to suit the whims and fancies of the rulers in delhi.
;;0.2263;;in his 40-minute speech, adityanath also hailed prime minister narendramodi for laying the foundation stone of a temple in fundamentalist saudi arabia.
;;0.0;;the latest standoff happened when the indian government announced that prime minister narendramodi would visit the us in june.
;;0.2732;;mr. narendramodi , who has been prime minister since may 2014, has set forth the basis of indian foreign policy as a combination of shanti (peace) as well as shakti (power and influence).
;;-0.4767;;chandy did that again, towards the fag end of campaigning, when he let prime minister narendramodi modis reference to somalia snowball into a major controversy on social media.
;;0.5719;;some entrepreneurs had written to prime minister narendramodi requesting him to step in and sought a revision of the tax provision  as high as 30 per cent on investments by individuals in unlisted firms, if the price is higher than what is known as fair market value.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi during a video conference with afghanistan president ashraf ghani from new delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during a video conference with afghanistan president ashraf ghani from new delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday joined afghanistan president ashraf ghani via video conferencing from new delhi to inaugurate the renovated stor palace in kabul.
;;-0.5859;;india and uk had signed the mou on exchange of information for the purpose of combating international criminality and tackling serious organised crime during the visit of prime minister narendramodi to london last month.
;;0.6808;;he lauded prime minister narendramodi saying that for the first time india has got a good pm and added that the country needed a pm devoted to the cause of hindutva.
;;0.34;;the union minister lauded prime minister narendramodi for giving official recognition to disabled persons as divyangjan from their earlier nomenclature of viklang.
;;0.1531;;indian prime minister narendramodi (file photo) indian prime minister narendramodi (file photo)india is close to signing two defense deals with israel as it seeks to deepen ties with the middle eastern nation before prime minister narendramodi modis visit in july, according to people with knowledge of the matter.
;;0.6486;;advertisingin his address to the nation, prime minister narendramodi assured the people of jammu and kashmir that elections will soon be held in the new union territory and people will have the opportunity to elect their mlas and chief minister in the manner they did earlier.
;;0.7506;;it was heaven on earth and will remain so give us five years, and we will make jammu and kashmir the most developed state in the country i want to tell the youth of kashmir valley that have faith in narendramodi government.
;;0.6808;;(file photo)stressing that diversity is indias strength, prime minister narendramodi said on monday that the countrys music has always played the role of bonding society and the state.
;;0.0;;as the air odisha plane passed through the celebratory water cannon salute in jagdalpur, prime minister narendramodi waved a green flag in bhilai, 300 km away, in a symbolic gesture to mark the beginning of commercial flights linking bastar under the udaan regional air connectivity scheme.
;;0.9042;;with prime minister narendramodi announcing one billion usd aid to kabul, toner said that the us supports indias generosity and focus on afghanistan and willingness to help afghanistan become a stronger and independent country.
;;0.5719;;many of these opposition parties had stayed away from the meeting called by prime minister narendramodi last month to discuss his vision of one nation, one election.
;;0.6124;;in a state which still pays salaries to government workers on the basis of the 4th pay commission, this issue found prominent space in the bjps vision document for the state, its poll platform as well as speeches of its leaders from prime minister narendramodi and national president amit shah to finance minister arun jaitley.
;;0.765;;***agartala: a bjp supporters wear a mask of prime minister narendramodi to celebrate partys victory in tripura assembly elections in agartala on saturday.
;;0.765;;pti photo agartala: a bjp supporters wear a mask of prime minister narendramodi to celebrate partys victory in tripura assembly elections in agartala on saturday.
;;0.5719;;deodhar caught the eye of narendramodi when, in 2013, he won the bjp three of six seats in gujarats dahod district, a congress bastion.
;;0.6369;;b'senior bjp leader prakash javdekar today said that gujarat chief minister narendramodi was an asset and most favourite among all leaders of the party.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi urged people to continue moving towards digital economy.
;;0.0;;(source: ap photo/file) pm narendramodi urged people to continue moving towards digital economy.
;;-0.296;;(source: ap photo/file)prime minister narendramodi on saturday cited difficulties in cash transaction system while urging the people to continue the movement towards digital economy.
;;-0.6249;;ignoring prime minister narendramodi modis warning against fielding family members of serving politicians, the bjp has gone ahead with its own dynastic debutants in the region.
;;0.0;;as reported by the indian express on friday, prime minister narendramodi is also learnt to have sought a report from the tourism ministry on the issue.
;;0.0;;illustration: c r sasikumarin his december 31 speech, prime minister narendramodi made a pointed reference to the fact that in 2013-14, as per official ministry of finance data, there were only 2.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in qingdao, china, on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@meaindia) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in qingdao, china, on saturday.
;;0.2732;;during the informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping in wuhan in april, the two leaders had agreed to undertake a joint india-china economic project in afghanistan.
;;0.0;;(express photo by pradeep kocharekar)prime minister narendramodi proclaims at national and global forums that the constitution of india is the holy book of the country.
;;0.0;;ahead of a summit between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin tomorrow, indian ambassador to russia pankaj saran told pti indias relations with russia are independent of its ties with pakistan.
;;0.0;;dave was appointed environment minister in 2016 after a reshuffle in prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet.
;;0.0;;the election commission has directed cabinet secretary p k sinha to immediately remove photographs of prime minister narendramodi and urban development minister venkaiah naidu from the website of pradhan mantri awas yojana.
;;0.0;;within hours,chief minister narendramodi shot back.
;;0.6697;;the bjp leadership, particularly prime minister narendramodi , defined change as better connectivity with the rest of india, more educational facilities, and most importantly, jobs.
;;0.4404;;taking a jibe over the pakora jobs remark of prime minister narendramodi , chidambaram said,  there is great ferment in campuses across the country because young men and women know that there will be no jobs when they graduate.
;;-0.7096;;(source: file)bjp leader subramanian swamy on sunday once again attacked raghuram rajan on the monetary policy, over a month after prime minister narendramodi had disapproved of his criticism of the rbi chief.
;;-0.3818;;b'prime minister narendramodi (source: pti) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti)the shiv sena wednesday launched a frontal attack on the central and the state government.
;;-0.0772;;the party in the morning attacked prime minister narendramodi asking him to refrain from maligning the country on foreign soil.
;;0.4019;;the party in its mouthpiece saamana rebuked prime minister narendramodi for speaking about corruption in the country on foreign soil.
;;-0.8481;;with just six days left for voting in the last phase of the lok sabha elections, bsp chief mayawati launched a bitter personal attack on prime minister narendramodi , alleging in a statement monday that married women in the bjp are scared of their husbands meeting him because of the fear that modi might make them leave their wives like he did with his wife.
;;-0.0498;;not only this, i have come to know that especially the married women in bjp get very worried when they see their husbands near narendramodi , at the thought that modi might make them leave their wives like he did with his wife.
;;0.0;;we have discussed the issue with prime minister narendramodi , athawale informed.
;;0.4939;;later in the day, the delegation will meet prime minister narendramodi here seeking permission to go ahead with jallikattu during pongal festival.
;;0.4019;;meanwhile,the bjp parliamentary board chaired by state party president r c faldu and attended by chief minister narendramodi discussed probable rajya sabha nominees.
;;0.0;;(source: ap)prime minister narendramodi has asked 11 drought-hit states including maharashtra to take measures on a weekly basis for drought-proofing of villages till the monsoon arrives in the first week of june.
;;-0.296;;the cm also tried to counter the bjps protests by saying that prime minister narendramodi had worn an expensive suit worth rs 10 lakh last year.
;;-0.1027;;(express photo)over the past month, tejpal singh has been toiling hard at the training camps with one aim  to do yoga with prime minister narendramodi on june 21 at capitol complex.
;;0.0;;(express photo by kamleshwar singh)prime minister narendramodi , who will give a short address before doing yoga asanas with the participants.
;;-0.0772;;section 144 imposedthe administration has imposed section 144 of crpc within 200-metre area around all routes  main route, alternative route and contingency route  which prime minister narendramodi is expected to take during his two-day visit starting on june 20.
;;-0.4215;;union minister and asansol mp babul supriyo on monday criticised chief minister mamata banerjee for going public on the teesta water-sharing issue on the same day prime minister narendramodi and his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina were discussing bilateral ties in new delhi.
;;-0.1416;;senior congress leader and former union minister m veerappa moily on wednesday slammed party colleague jairam ramesh for his remark that demonising prime minister narendramodi all the time is not an effective strategy to confront him.
;;0.7096;;while sounding triumphant is prime minister narendramodi modis distinctive style of presentation, one wonders why he needed such a massive publicity overdrive, merely on completing two years of an assured five-year term.
;;0.6124;;athawales remarks drew peals of laughter from prime minister narendramodi and treasury bench.
;;-0.5859;;struggling with the shortage of life-saving drugs, children living with hiv (clhiv) have written a letter to prime minister narendramodi urging him to address the issue, the hindu reported on monday.
;;0.0;;as part of the nine-day vistarak programme, bjp leaders will spend a day at various booths in the district, interacting with voters and also making them aware of the central government schemes led by prime minister narendramodi , which completed three years in office.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi leaves on saturday for brazil for attending the five-nation summit of brics nations on july 14 and 15 which is expected to finalise the setting up of a development bank and seek reforms of the united nations and international financial organisations.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi reiterated indias commitment to the paris agreement this week.
;;0.2716;;pti photo by shahbaz khanprime minister narendramodi will visit sri lanka next month to take part in the celebrations marking the un vesak day, the most important in the buddhist calendar, a senior lankan minister said today.
;;0.6369;;chief minister narendramodi got a taste of the sisterly love on raksha bandhan as thousands of women tied rakhis on his wrist tuesday.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi has just been delivered an unhappy lesson at the just-concluded brics summit in goa: though nine-tenths of geopolitics is about bluff, the critical one-tenth is about knowing when to fold.
;;-0.7351;;prime minister narendramodi modis failure to distinguish between performance theatre intended for audiences at home and the real business of power has caused india some embarrassment.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi expressed his condolences to the family of former punjab cm.
;;0.6794;;responding to a question on the issue, deputy chief minister nitin patel said: the ideology of our party and our leaders is very clear prime minister narendramodi has expressed his feelings very clearly bjp does not believe in any criticism of gandhi, his works or thoughts so, if anybody acts like this, we strictly condemn it.
;;0.0;;following a clash between bjp and congress leaders on friday,security has been stepped for the sadbavana mission fast by chief minister narendramodi to be held here on monday.
;;0.3818;;stating that the youths of sindhi community were fast losing their ancestral heritage under the influence of modernism,chief minister narendramodi today urged the community members to preserve the cultural legacy of their ancestors and promote the sindhi language to ensure their own independent identity.
;;0.0;;guided by prime minister narendramodi modis sabka saath sabka vikash mission, the bjp-led state government is working resolutely for the welfare of all the 3.
;;-0.7845;;in a letter to chief minister narendramodi and the cid (crime) in connection with the anjar land scam,a non-government organisation has alleged that besides suspended ias officer pradeep sharma,the incumbent state principal secretary (revenue) is also involved in the fraud.
;;0.8225;;in a multi-party democracy, a 31 per cent vote share undoubtedly qualifies as a clear mandate for the winner  the bjp led by mr narendramodi  in the 2014 election.
;;0.2144;;here is an agendamr narendramodi has a burning desire for greatness, but his government does not have big reform ideas.
;;0.0;;mr narendramodi should stay at the wheel until the last day and not give room to hubris (like the vajpayee government did).
;;-0.743;;the election commission (ec) is unlikely to defer the release of the biopic on prime minister narendramodi as demanded by the opposition for alleged violation of the code of conduct.
;;-0.25;;(source: express photo by ganesh shirsekar)stating repeatedly that prime minister narendramodi appeared to be functioning as the pm of gujarat alone, former union minister p chidambaram on saturday said it was churlish and uncharitable to denigrate the state of maharashtra and the achievements of the state government over the past 15 years.
;;-0.1326;;bjp cannot escape (development) and prime minister narendramodi will also not go away from that.
;;-0.1326;;i believe performance (of the government) is going to next issue in 2019 (elections), murli dhar rao bjp cannot escape (development) and prime minister narendramodi will also not go away from that.
;;-0.1326;;bjp cannot escape (development) and prime minister narendramodi will also not go away from that.
;;0.5267;;aicc general secretary digvijaya singh (file photo) aicc general secretary digvijaya singh (file photo)the aicc general secretary digvijaya singh today said prime minister narendramodi has no respect for institutions like lokayukta and lokpal.
;;-0.886;;dubbing the centre as weak,gujarat chief minister narendramodi on saturday said the government has suffered a total blackout in its foreign policy and failed on all fronts,including on the issue of death row convict sarabjit singh.
;;-0.8519;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiindia on sunday called for intensified joint efforts by other brics members to combat terrorism as prime minister narendramodi sought coordinated actions by the grouping to isolate supporters and sponsors of terror, in an apparent reference to pakistan.
;;-0.886;;jallikattu protesters keep up pressure, govt mulls optionsprotests demanding jallikattu swelled on the streets of tamil nadu after agitators rejected statements by prime minister narendramodi and chief minister o panneerselvam and the state braced for a shutdown tomorrow.
;;0.7351;;his appointment was approved for a period of 2 years by a three-member selection panel headed by prime minister narendramodi and comprising chief justice of india jagdish singh khehar and congress leader in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge as members.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday called up bihar chief minister nitish kumar to wish him on his 66th birthday.
;;0.1027;;chief minister narendramodi on monday said that after establishing vadodara as an engineering hub,his government is all set to develop the area as a new hub of defence engineering.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and congress president sonia gandhi congratulated shuttler p.v. sindhu, who clinched a historic silver at the olympics in rio de janeiro on friday.
;;0.5994;;(express file photo by amit mehra)president ram nath kovind and prime minister narendramodi on saturday greeted the nation on the occasion of gurpurab  the birth anniversary of guru nanak dev, the founder of the faith.
;;0.3818;;they also threaten prime minister narendramodi modis agenda as he pushes to attract foreign investment and boost indias economic heft globally.
;;0.0;;congress president rahul gandhi lashed out at prime minister narendramodi for not uttering a word on the alleged atrocities on dalits and tribals.
;;0.2023;;it will be in line with prime minister narendramodi modis efforts to raise the issue of pakistani atrocities in balochistan at an international stage and bugti will give new delhi significant leverage.
;;-0.1027;;the issue came under focus at prime minister narendramodi modis last independence day speech when he acknowledged and questioned pak oppression of balochis.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , gujarat chief minister vijay rupani, his delhi counterpart arvind kejriwal, bjp national president amit shah, gujarat assembly speaker ramanlal vora, union minister purushottam rupala and several others paid him tributes.
;;0.5719;;advertisingto celebrate the feat, prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to be present at the dam site on september 17, which also happens to be his 69th birthday.
;;-0.25;;on saturday, bjp mp from porbandar, vitthal radadiya, who is considered close to prime minister narendramodi , met patel at the lajpore jail for the second time in five days and claimed that the patidar agitation would end soon.
;;0.3612;;as promised by chief minister narendramodi in the run-up to the 2012 assembly elections,the new districts and talukas didnt see the light of day on the republic day.
;;0.4754;;noting that gujarat chief minister narendramodi is an extremely popular leader in the country,he said the issue of bjps prime ministerial candidate would be decided by the partys parliamentary board.
;;-0.3818;;(photo: twitter/@pib_india)in an apparent attack on opposition parties, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said confusion is being spread about the budget decision to fix msp for crops, at least 1.
;;0.0;;khanna went to beijing because nsa ajit doval was accompanying prime minister narendramodi for the informal summit in sochi.
;;0.0;;the three helicopters were handed over to afghanistan during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to kabul in december last year.
;;0.0;;he said, since 2014, i have written 43 letters to prime minister narendramodi regarding farmers issues and there has never been a response.
;;0.7579;;i strongly believe that this would require an engagement between prime minister narendramodi and president donald trump and as and when they are able to engage with each other, nasscom chairman c p gurnani told pti recently.
;;-0.6597;;(sources: pti)government on thursday dubbed as unfair the congress comment that prime minister narendramodi modis first speech in parliament had lack of content and was repeat of rhetoric.
;;0.0;;the deals were announced following talks held between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;(file) the deals were announced following talks held between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;the deals were announced following talks held between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin on the sidelines of the brics summit being held here.
;;0.8074;;bjp president and home minister amit shah and his party colleagues mopped the floor at the aiims and met sanitation workers and children admitted at the hospital as he launched a seva saptah (week of service) on saturday to celebrate prime minister narendramodi modis birthday on september 17.
;;-0.09;;as india crashed out of the cricket world cup following a gripping contest against new zealand in the semifinals, prime minister narendramodi described the result as disappointing but hailed the virat kohli-led teams fighting spirit in the nail-biting thriller.
;;-0.1779;;#indvsnz  narendramodi (@narendramodi) july 10, 2019the heroics of ravindra jadeja went in vain as india lost by 18 runs against kiwis to get knocked out of the world cup in the semifinals for the second consecutive time.
;;0.6908;;even as bihar deputy cm and bjp legislature party leader sushil kumar modi sought to put to rest a row over the leadership of chief minister nitish kumar for the 2020 assembly polls by calling him the captain of the ruling nda, leader of the opposition and rjd leader tejashwi yadav on thursday asked if prime minister narendramodi would play a role of coach and if the deputy cm had no faith in the pms leadership.
;;0.2023;;abdullah said prime minister narendramodi should personally lead an initiative of political outreach towards the people of kashmir and realise how every passing day of silence and inaction pushes the youth of kashmir further away from the idea of india and fuels the growing sense of disenchantment in their heart and minds.
;;0.0;;the cabinet met soon after prime minister narendramodi returned from assam.
;;0.128;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on tuesday said his government has been able to tame inflation which had gone out of control before 2014 and no political party could raise the issue during the polls in five states.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi being presented a traditional mask (mukha) by bjps chief ministerial candidate and bjp candidate for the majuli constituency sarbananda sonowal during an election rally at majuli.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi being presented a traditional mask (mukha) by bjps chief ministerial candidate and bjp candidate for the majuli constituency sarbananda sonowal during an election rally at majuli.
;;0.4019;;this is the first time since narendramodi led the party to power at the centre that the bjp is focusing its entire strategy on another personality in its attempt to form government in the state.
;;0.6705;;a fortnight ago, justice karnan had written an open letter to prime minister narendramodi (file photo) a fortnight ago, justice karnan had written an open letter to prime minister narendramodi (file photo)in a first, high court judge c s karnan was wednesday ordered by a seven-judge supreme court bench to show up on february 13 and respond to a show-cause notice of contempt of court for writing letters in which he levelled corruption charges against several serving and retired apex court and high court judges.
;;0.5267;;a fortnight ago, justice karnan had written an open letter to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to take action against what he described as high corruption at the judiciary.
;;0.3182;;many muslims,including maulvis,who came all the way from south gujarat to greet chief minister narendramodi on his birthday,had to return without seeing him because they were not allowed inside the crowded town hall in gandhinagar on tuesday.
;;0.2263;;he said it was prime minister narendramodi who started politics of development in gujarat and then in india and convinced all that old gimmicks and empty slogans would not work anymore.
;;0.0;;world leaders including prime minister narendramodi , german chancellor angela merkel and new zealand prime minister jacinda ardern were some of the leaders who addressed the one-day gathering.
;;0.765;;up chief minister yogi adityanath up chief minister yogi adityanathuttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath has promised to help acquire 100 acres of land for the creation of a rs 1,000-crore multi-modal freight village in prime minister narendramodi modis constituency, varanasi, to be developed by the inland waterways authority of india (iwai).
;;0.0;;after narendramodi came to power, atrocities against dalits have gone up.
;;0.0;;but prime minister narendramodi has announced a series of schemes and initiatives for dalits?
;;0.4019;;b'bihar chief minister nitish kumar pti photo bihar chief minister nitish kumar pti photobihar chief minister nitish kumar, who skipped a luncheon meet of opposition parties today, is likely to be present at the lunch prime minister narendramodi is hosting tomorrow for visiting mauritius prime minister pravind jugnauth.
;;0.0;;earlier, jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti had also requested prime minister narendramodi to initiate a dialogue process with the neighbouring country.
;;0.0;;b'the shahi imam of delhis jama masjid, syed ahmed bukhari, met prime minister narendramodi on monday and raised the issue of the minority institution status of aligarh muslim university and jamia millia islamia.
;;-0.2732;;b'a day after narendramodi said he was being bribed with a couple of aakash tablets,hrd minister kapil sibal today said he had sent the low cost devices to the gujarat chief minister so that he can learn about them.
;;0.0;;congress leader p.l. punia asked prime minister narendramodi to recapitulate his assertions during campaigning for the 2014 lok sabha polls as to what kind of attitude india should keep towards pakistan.
;;0.4939;;(source: reuters)prime minister narendramodi , on sunday, flagged off run for rio from the dhyanchand stadium in delhi to congratulate the rio olympics bound indian athletes for making it to the prestigious event.
;;-0.7096;;the former finance minister also criticised prime minister narendramodi over the words he chose to attack his predecessor manmohan singh, saying he should remember that the chair he sat on was used by pandit jawaharlal nehru and even atal bihari vajpayee and hence he should use right language.
;;-0.1531;;in a politically significant development,gujarat chief minister narendramodi is likely to visit ayodhya this week and offer prayers at the disputed site.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will not fly through pakistans airspace en route bishkek in kyrgyzstan where he will attend the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit on june 13-14, the ministry of external affairs confirmed wednesday.
;;0.0;;just in: pm narendramodi will not fly over pakistan airspace, as he heads to bishkek tomorrow for the sco summit.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi will pay a two-day visit to energy-rich qatar from june 4, in continuation of efforts to recast indias ties with the strategically important gulf region.
;;0.0;;more than one hundred maulavis and sufis from different districts of gujarat are likely to participate in a programme organised to felicitate chief minister narendramodi on his birthday on tuesday in gandhinagar by gujarat gaurav abhivadan samiti.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modias the lok sabha passed the gst bill, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday congratulated the countrymen over new law.
;;0.5267;;(file photo)two memorandums of understanding (mous) on defence cooperation, including the $500-million line of credit for purchase of defence equipment from india, are likely to be signed between india and bangladesh when visiting bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina meets prime minister narendramodi on saturday.
;;-0.3612;;the call for voting, in the run-up to the president mahmoud abbass visit to india and prime minister narendramodi modis upcoming visit to israel, would have put india in a difficult position.
;;0.1779;;ganga factorthe discourse over ganga river could unfold the next competitive narrative about prime minister narendramodi and bihar chief minister nitish kumar.
;;0.0;;the lawyer even asked jaitley if he was aware that he advised narendramodi not to set him up as a bjp candidate from amritsar constituency for 2014 lok sabha election.
;;-0.3612;;jaitley was also questioned by jethmalani whether prime minister narendramodi had known that he was suing kejriwal.
;;0.4939;;chief minister narendramodi launched the much-awaited brts prepaid smart card during the concluding ceremony of kankaria carnival here on saturday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis government has responded by pulling closer to the us than any of its predecessors.
;;0.7184;;i will write a strong letter to prime minister narendramodi for constitution of a new wage board to help journalists and other employees of media organisations run their households properly in the light of price rise, prasad said.
;;0.25;;pramod kumar mishra has been appointed the new principal secretary to prime minister narendramodi and former cabinet secretary p k sinha is principal advisor to the prime minister in a newly created post.
;;0.2023;;mishra has served on important positions in the narendramodi government in gujarat.
;;0.0;;congress chiefs charge that farmers did not get narmada waters irks cmtargeting congress chief sonia gandhi once again,chief minister narendramodi on friday said she had not done her homework and offered assistance in drafting her speeches.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo/file) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo/file)addressing the nation through the 30th edition of his monthly radio address mann ki baat, the prime minister appealed for united action by citizens to build a new india.
;;0.7003;;(source: pti photo)visible stand-offprime minister narendramodi and chief justice t s thakur shared the dais at a function to mark the 50th anniversary of the delhi high court.
;;-0.3818;;now, prime minister narendramodi modis four-nation tour shows just how serious india is about making up for lost time.
;;-0.9201;;victim of triple talaq, writes to pm modi to ban the practicemeanwhile, a pregnant woman on wednesday wrote to prime minister narendramodi urging him to ban the controversial practice, after she was was abandoned by her husband.
;;0.0;;watch what else is in the newscrucial files are being removed by narendramodi and his office.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi pm narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on sunday addressed the nation in his monthly radio broadcast mann ki baat.
;;0.6597;;on august 21, during a telephone call with prime minister narendramodi , boris johnson called kashmir a bilateral issue between india and pakistan and stressed on the importance of resolving issues through dialogue,tensions between india and pakistan spiked after new delhi ended jammu and kashmirs special status on august 5 and bifurcated it into two union territories.
;;0.5106;;taking over the mantle of presidentship for the fourth time, he termed the congress a sinking ship and asked his party men to work hard to realise prime minister narendramodi modis dream of congress-free india by achieving the goal of congress-free karnataka.
;;-0.4019;;the leader of opposition in the gujarat assembly,shankersinh vaghela,on tuesday slammed chief minister narendramodi saying he was wasting taxpayers money to fulfil his prime ministerial ambitions by organising the global agriculture summit.
;;0.4215;;expectations with regards to legislations are high as prime minister narendramodi has expressed hopes that there is a breakthrough in the gst bill.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had made the proposal at the third governing council meeting of niti aayog held in april.
;;0.0;;the new terminal of the chandigarh international airport was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in september 2015.
;;0.0;;the new terminal of chandigarh international airport located in mohali was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in 2015.
;;0.802;;b'prime minister narendramodi was on saturday conferred with afghanistans highest civilian honour, the amir amanullah khan award.
;;0.7506;;afghan president ashraf ghani conferred the award on narendramodi after the two leaders jointly inaugurated the afghan-india friendship dam, earlier known as salma dam, that was rebuilt with indias aid.
;;0.6597;;by inducting three fresh faces from uttar pradesh into the union council of of ministers today, prime minister narendramodi has attempted to balance caste equations in the run-up to the up assembly polls and also increase the dominance of poll-bound states in the central government.
;;0.0;;b'ignoring perceived opposition from veteran l k advani and some other senior leaders,bjp today anointed narendramodi as its election campaign committee chairman for the 2014 polls,just short of making him the prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.4588;;i have announced (at the national executive) that gujarat chief minister narendramodi as chairman of the bjp election campaign committee,keeping in mind the challenge of the 2014 lok sabha elections and to achieve victory in the polls, party president rajnath singh told the media at the conclusion of the deliberations.
;;0.0;;express photo by jasbir malhia year after prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the chandigarh international airport, the first international flight from here to sharjah took off on thursday.
;;0.2263;;b'in his around 40-minutes speech, adityanath also hailed prime minister narendramodi for laying foundation stone of a temple in fundamentalist saudi arabia.
;;0.2263;;(express photo by gajendra yadav) in his around 40-minutes speech, adityanath also hailed prime minister narendramodi for laying foundation stone of a temple in fundamentalist saudi arabia.
;;0.2263;;in his around 40-minutes speech, adityanath also hailed prime minister narendramodi for laying foundation stone of a temple in fundamentalist saudi arabia.
;;0.1027;;he will remain the working president until the bjps membership drive and organisational elections are over, defence minister rajnath singh said after a meeting of the bjp parliamentary board, attended by both prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah.
;;0.7269;;(@narendramodi/twitter)speaking out for the first time on the kathua and unnao cases, prime minister narendramodi said friday that the countrys daughters would definitely get justice.
;;0.4939;;almost 10 months ahead of the gujarat assembly elections last year,chief minister narendramodi had launched the dhan daan or dhan sangraha campaign to collect money for the party.
;;-0.7057;;(source: pti photo)although he did not directly support bihar chief minister nitish kumar, jnu students union (jnusu) president kanhaiya kumar on saturday echoed the jd(u) presidents stand that all non-bjp parties should come together against prime minister narendramodi and the sangh brand of politics during his maiden visit to his home state since his arrest, and subsequent bail, in delhi on charges of sedition.
;;-0.1531;;avinash rai khanna avinash rai khannaover a month after a high-level committee (hlc) headed by prime minister narendramodi , also comprising leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, cleared his name for appointment as member of the national human rights commission (nhrc), the appointment of bjp vice president avinash rai khanna to the post is still stuck.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi extended his condolence to the families of the crpf personnel.
;;0.1027;;congress workers on wednesday staged a demonstration outside the residence of prime minister narendramodi modis nonagenarian mother hiraba, seeking her intervention in the naliya gangrape case in which four bjp leaders were allegedly involved.
;;-0.128;;a month ago, she had sent countless tweets to prime minister narendramodi and railway minister suresh prabhu, voicing her demand for disabled-friendly trains.
;;0.9042;;it is recognition of my work for more than 35 years and i am grateful to prime minister narendramodi and his government as well as the people of india for rewarding me with this highest civilian honour, he said.
;;0.6597;;congress leader and head of the partys mumbai regional committee on wednesday came out in support of the one country, one election idea, calling for a discussion on the proposal, even as his party decided not to participate in prime minister narendramodi modis all-party meeting to discuss the idea.
;;0.2263;;chief minister narendramodi announced a package of worth rs 575 crore for the development of dangs district through various projects.
;;0.7506;;prime minister narendramodi on friday addressed the indian community at the unesco headquarters in paris, france where he talked over a number of issues including the mandate of 2019 lok sabha polls, climate change and building a new india that focuses on ease of doing business while ensuring ease of living.
;;0.7096;;prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday that the budget would provide an impetus to infrastructure, strength to the financial system and a big boost to development.
;;0.8832;;it is quite a surprise, therefore, to see the congress party broadly endorse prime minister narendramodi modis idea of india as a leading power and embrace the geopolitical conception of the indo-pacific that has gained traction in recent years.
;;-0.4404;;b'a protest march of maharashtra farmers from chief minister devendra fadnaviss assembly constituency in nagpur to prime minister narendramodi modis native place vadnagar was stopped by the gujarat police in tapi district at the state border on thursday.
;;-0.2732;;b'minister firhad hakim minister firhad hakimchief minister mamata banerjee has repeatedly lashed out at the centre for slashing funds for key schemes and had even written a letter to prime minister narendramodi about a year ago.
;;0.0;;inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi , it is funded by a public private partnership and runs from miyapur to nagole with 24 stations.
;;-0.0516;;he accused sharif of damaging the foreign policy by giving his indian counterpart narendramodi a certificate of friendship.
;;0.0;;bjp national executive meet would be held on april 15 and 16 at janata maidan of bhubaneswar with prime minister narendramodi and chief ministers of 13 bjp-ruled states and 35 central ministers attending the meeting.
;;-0.872;;(source: pti photo)ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the us later this month, india and the us have agreed to deepen their already close collaboration on several issues, including the fight against let and jem blamed for a series of terror attacks in india.
;;0.0;;as the uae crown prince stands alongside prime minister narendramodi on the dais and uae troops march alongside indias soldiers in delhi on indias republic day, pakistan must review its narrative and policies.
;;-0.765;;it said indias decision to derail the summit effectively contradicts prime minister narendramodi modis call to fight poverty in the region.
;;0.0;;he is likely to meet prime minister narendramodi and key political leaders during his visit.
;;0.6908;;chief minister narendramodi today stressed the need to evolve a model work culture of best practices in good governance for public services,initiating a group discussion on 18 topics on the third day of the 7th chintan shibir at mehsana.
;;0.0;;reacting to prime minister narendramodi modis statement asking muslim leaders not to politicise triple talaq, siddiqua said it was the government which was unnecessarily blowing triple talaq and polygamy out of proportion.
;;-0.296;;the visit, on the heels of one by president pranab mukherjee last october, and ahead of a speculated visit by prime minister narendramodi , signifies that india no longer feels the need to keep its burgeoning ties with israel discreetly low-profile.
;;0.6597;;while the union government under prime minister narendramodi is taking steps to curb black money and corruption and boost transparency, we now know why some parties were so opposed to transparency and demonetisation, pti quoted the minister.
;;0.4404;;express photo by bhupendra ranaindias main opposition congress party is facing a financial crisis that could undermine its ability to wrest power from prime minister narendramodi modis wealthy bharatiya janata party in 2019.
;;0.624;;but, the significance of the meeting is not lost on anyone  it will take place days before prime minister narendramodi meets us president donald trump on the sidelines of g-20 summit in osaka on june 28-29.
;;-0.6808;;not only had she hit the streets in protest against the note ban, she had also targeted prime minister narendramodi over it, calling the move an epic blunder.
;;0.2023;;advertisingafter the 2019 lok sabha mandate, ncp president and telugu desam party leader suspected that evms have given prime minister narendramodi a landslide victory.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo)when prime minister narendramodi addressed the concluding function of the narmada seva yatra at amarkantak on may 15, seated in the audience were more than 47,000 people who got rs 500 each in their capacity as prerak (motivator) of the rajya swachh bharat mission (rural).
;;0.0;;pti photoas part of the governments act east policy that was announced by prime minister narendramodi last year, information & broadcasting minister m venkaiah naidu on tuesday said a campus of the film & television institute of india (ftii) will be set up in arunachal pradesh.
;;0.4019;;one of the reasons, party sources said, was that taking on prime minister narendramodi has backfired in the past.
;;-0.6124;;(file photo)andhra pradesh finance minister yanamala ramakrishnudu likened prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah to dictators adolf hitler and benito mussolini, describing them as fascists who destroyed democracy.
;;-0.8555;;at that time n chandrababu naidu told then prime minister atal behari vajpayee that narendramodi who was cm of gujarat at that time should take moral responsibility for the mindless violence and resign.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi said enlightened muslims will find a way out in the triple talaq issue.
;;0.4939;;(source: express photo by renuka puri) prime minister narendramodi said enlightened muslims will find a way out in the triple talaq issue.
;;0.7269;;(source: express photo by renuka puri)amid the nationwide debate over triple talaq, prime minister narendramodi on saturday urged muslims not to view the issue through a political lens, and expressed hope that enlightened members from within the community would lead efforts to end the practice.
;;0.0;;(file photo)a day after public accounts committee (pac) chairman k v thomas said the panel has the power to summon prime minister narendramodi also, bjp mp nishikant dubey, who is a member of the pac, urged lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan on tuesday to ask him to recall his unilateral remarks.
;;0.4019;;read | pac: watchdog for govt spending; panel of consensus, controversyi wish to bring to your attention the unilateral announcement by pac chairman k v thomas seeking to summon prime minister narendramodi to appear before it.
;;0.2575;;(file photo)congress chief sonia gandhis son-in-law robert vadra on sunday attacked the bharatiya janata party (bjp) over the recent khadi icon row, where prime minister narendramodi replaced mahatama gandhi in the iconic picture of spinning the charkha, saying that the nation would not tolerate such disrespect to the father of the nation.
;;0.3167;;earlier, taking a jibe at haryana minister anil vij for his controversial statement that prime minister narendramodi was a much bigger brand that mahatma gandhi, congress vice president rahul gandhi said that dictators hitler and mussolini were also very powerful brands.
;;0.0;;the incident had occured a day after prime minister narendramodi had decried people taking law into their hands in the name of gau raksha.
;;-0.1027;;as prime minister narendramodi pressed for a lasting solution to kashmir problem, hardline hurriyat conference leader syed ali shah geelani on monday said it lies in india adhering to the united nations resolution.
;;0.4767;;asked about a perception that he had friends in the congress who wanted to fix prime minister narendramodi , khan said: meri kya majaal, kisi ko fix karoon (how can i dare to think i can fix anyone).
;;0.0;;kamal patel, 56, had turned up outside the dms office on may 9, a week before prime minister narendramodi was to attend the conclusion of narmada seva yatra at amarkantak on may 15, and two weeks before the final hearing of his sons externment case.
;;0.0;;i have 35 years of association with narendramodi right from my abvp days.
;;0.6369;;we are ready to go to the polls under the leadership of narendramodi if the party decides so, said the bihar deputy chief minister.
;;0.6486;;the naval contract, as well as a less-advanced plan to buy 100 fighter jets for the indian air force, represent multi-billion dollar opportunities for manufacturers and for prime minister narendramodi modis make in india drive to build a domestic production base.
;;-0.2263;;in lok sabha, aiadmk leader p venugopal demanded that prime minister narendramodi make a statement on the issue in the house.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi , lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, home minister rajnath singh and mos jayant sinha at a function in new delhi.
;;0.0;;pti photo by shahbaz khan (pti) (representational image) new delhi: prime minister narendramodi , lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, home minister rajnath singh and mos jayant sinha at a function in new delhi.
;;0.5719;;pti photo by shahbaz khan (pti) (representational image)prime minister narendramodi today extended warm birthday greetings to lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan who turned 73.
;;0.4019;;addressing a gathering of heads of villages on the banks of river ganga in uttar pradesh, adityanath said the narendramodi government at the centre is making efforts to clean and rejuvenate the river through its namami gange programme.
;;-0.3612;;earlier in the day, the chief minister prayed at kashi vishwanath and kaal bhairav temples and also visited the parliamentary office of prime minister narendramodi at ravindrapuri extension here and heard the grievances of the people.
;;0.7579;;he is believed to enjoy the confidence of both pm narendramodi and shah.
;;-0.7845;;b'arvind kejriwal in his latest video arvind kejriwal in his latest videodescribing prime minister narendramodi as the mastermind behind the arrest of aap mlas, delhi chief minister and aap convenor arvind kejriwal wednesday alleged that he and the bjp could get him killed in the coming days.
;;0.2263;;bikram singh majithia bikram singh majithiaformer punjab minister bikram singh majithia on thursday urged prime minister narendramodi to take decisive action against pakistan for beheading two soldiers of the indian army in jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi has maintained that besides rooting out corruption, demonetisation was aimed at crippling terror and naxal funding.
;;0.8658;;prime minister narendramodi modis address to a joint meeting of the us congress will be an opportunity to energise efforts to improve bilateral ties, top american lawmakers from across the political divide have said.
;;0.4404;;i am pleased that indias prime minister narendramodi will be able to address a joint session of congress this year, he said.
;;-0.8225;;at a press conference in dehradun, the cm rejected the allegations, and accused prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah of joining hands with greedy congress rebels and some so-called journalists who blackmail politicians.
;;0.5267;;on saturday, the bsp chief vented her ire at amit shah after the bjp chief compared opposition parties to snake and mongoose and dogs and cats coming together on a tree to escape the flood of prime minister narendramodi in the 2019 lok sabha polls.
;;0.6597;;while the union government under prime minister narendramodi is taking steps to curb black money and corruption and boost transparency, we now know why some parties were so opposed to transparency and demonetisation, the union power minister told a press conference.
;;0.0;;b'the ad featuring prime minister narendramodi which appeared on friday.
;;0.0;;the ad featuring prime minister narendramodi which appeared on friday.
;;0.0;;a day after ril chairman mukesh ambani unveiled his new telecom venture, full page advertisements of jio, featuring a large photograph of prime minister narendramodi , covered the front pages of several national newspapers on friday.
;;-0.802;;chief minister narendramodi on sunday blamed the centre for the alleged delay in granting permission to build gates on narmada dam even as saurashtra was reeling under water crisis.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at an election rally at langjing achouba ground, imphal west on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi at an election rally at langjing achouba ground, imphal west on saturday.
;;-0.4445;;(source: pti photo)addressing his first rally in manipur of this election, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday that the state had little to fear from the naga accord.
;;-0.25;;b'pm narendramodi pm narendramodi modiin its first two years, the big achievement of the nda government led by prime minister narendramodi can be said to be the change in the narrative about india, seen earlier as an economy paralysed due to policy inaction and large-scale corruption.
;;-0.4767;;referring to the attack on the indian consulate in herat, the pentagon said this was done just ahead of the swearing-in ceremony of narendramodi as the prime minister.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newsprime minister narendramodi has made all out efforts to get entry in the nsg.
;;0.0;;ani photoprime minister narendramodi addressed the gathering at opening ceremony of the annual meeting of african development bank group in gandhinagar, gujarat on tuesday.
;;0.7579;;(reuters/file)in a bid to woo indian- americans, donald trump has borrowed from prime minister narendramodi modis winning slogan of the 2014 general elections as the republican presidential nominee is seen in a tv ad saying ab ki baar trump sarkaar.
;;-0.5358;;last month, hazare accused prime minister narendramodi of not being interested in the appointment of the lokpal at the centre.
;;0.0;;it was this declining child sex ratio that led chief minister narendramodi to kickstart the beti bachao campaign.
;;0.7402;;that so many regional parties from across the northeast have joined neda is also signifies the trust of the regional forces on the bjp and prime minister narendramodi , senior assam bjp leader and state health and education minister himanta biswa sarma said.
;;0.0;;remembering dr b r ambedkar in his monthly mann ki baat radio programme, prime minister narendramodi on sunday urged everyone to teach at least 125 persons how to use the bhim app.
;;-0.5574;;a madrasa in sambhal region of uttar pradesh has requested prime minister narendramodi to declare cow as the national animal of the country, while urging him to ban meat export and slaughter of all milk-bearing animals.
;;0.0516;;the post report with inputs from local officials, chinese geologists as well as strategic experts comes less than a month after the first ever informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping that was aimed at cooling tensions to avert incidents like the dokalam military standoff last year.
;;0.0258;;b'congress vp rahul gandhi takes a dig at pm narendramodi over rbi governor raghuram rajans backing out of the second term.
;;0.0258;;(source: pti) congress vp rahul gandhi takes a dig at pm narendramodi over rbi governor raghuram rajans backing out of the second term.
;;0.3352;;(source: pti)congress vice president rahul gandhi on saturday targeted prime minister narendramodi in the wake of rbi governor raghuram rajan making it clear that he does not want a sencond term.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi knows everything.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi knows everything.
;;-0.0258;;the supreme court-appointed special investigation team (sit) on monday told a court here that the protest petition filed by zakia jafri challenging its clean chit to chief minister narendramodi and others in connection with the 2002 riots was disturbing and instigating and it could,if publicised,create turbulence in the state since its contents were biased.
;;0.0;;(file)west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on thursday visited prime minister narendramodi at the pmo office in the national capital to discuss issues related to the development of the state.
;;0.0;;renuka purisri lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe and prime minister narendramodi at their meeting on wednesday are likely to take stock of negotiations over the development of the trincomalee port, sources said.
;;0.34;;jammu and kashmir governor satya pal malik met prime minister narendramodi on monday and is believed to have briefed him about the security situation in the state.
;;0.0;;the membership drive was kicked off by prime minister narendramodi in varanasi earlier in the day.
;;0.0;;dujarrics remarks came after he was asked whether guterres planed to mediate between india and pakistan on kashmir during the un general assembly session later this month that would be attended by both prime miniter narendramodi and pakistan pm imran khan.
;;0.0;;guterres met prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the g7 summit last month in biarritz, france and has also spoken to pakistans foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi, dujarric informed the press on tuesday.
;;-0.4404;;congress mp anand sharma also asked why prime minister narendramodi had not responded to the attacks on dalits.
;;0.1531;;rss chief mohan bhagwat rss chief mohan bhagwatrss chief mohan bhagwat cited prime minister narendramodi modis speech at the us congress to underline that allegiance to indias cultural heritage was the sole basis for the countrys emotional unity.
;;0.2023;;the prime minister narendramodi spoke without belittling any nation, keeping the self-respect of his own country intact and sought to drive home what india feels about the goings-on in the world today in a language that would be understood by all.
;;-0.4404;;this is how arvind kejriwal is scaring the muslims using the name of narendramodi , khan said.
;;0.128;;the board held an urgent meeting at the residence of party chief rajnath singh hours after advani resigned from parliamentary board,national executive and election committee to protest gujarat chief minister narendramodi being made campaign committee chief.
;;0.3612;;taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi and chief minister parkash singh badal, he said: modiji and badalji talk about ease of doing business.
;;0.34;;referring to it as a groundwork for a proposed visit of prime minister narendramodi to russia in september and an attempt to achieve international trade balance, uttar pradesh government said it is busy giving final shape to the mous in different fields these days.
;;-0.6249;;(express photo by prem nath pandey)claiming that the congress was fighting a battle for survival in the country and the state, chief minister jai ram thakur sunday said its efforts to built-a front with anti-bjp forces would not stand before prime minister narendramodi in the next lok sabha polls.
;;0.743;;three months ago, the yogi adityanath administration in uttar pradesh had announced a rs 36,000-crore loan waiver for small and marginal farmers, not as a response to any agitation but to fulfill a promise by prime minister narendramodi himself during the recent state assembly elections.
;;0.0;;we have invited prime minister narendramodi and chief minister fadnavis for the conference some persons are trying to defame me because of our alliance with the bjp.
;;-0.9217;;read: india stands with uk in fight against terrorism, says pm narendramodi modiwatch: eyewitness describes what happened at london parliament attackseveral leaders from across the world have condemned the attack, including prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump.
;;-0.128;;she has called on prime minister narendramodi to deal with the unceremonious silencing of the film.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi also took to twitter to express anguish over the incident.
;;0.0;;the 15-volume sampoorna vangmay of deendayal upadhyaya was released by prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and rss leaders including, bhaiyyaji joshi, among others in october last year.
;;-0.34;;(source: express photo by gurmeet singh)with heavy rainfall in the region for the last 20 hours, more than 80 government as well as private schools in malaut block  falling in chief minister parkash singh badals constituency lambi  stayed away from prime minister narendramodi modis speech.
;;0.0;;in haryana  where prime minister narendramodi chose to launch the beti bachao beti padhao programme  the sex ratio went down from 897 in nfhs-3 to 876.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi too joined the bandwagon and accused the congress of favouring its friend in its own defence deal.
;;-0.1027;;meanwhile in allahabad, prime minister narendramodi set the theme for the bjps national executive: vikas, or development, is the solution to every problem, he said.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi with us president barack obama (file) prime minister narendramodi with us president barack obama (file)outgoing us president barack obama telephoned prime minister narendramodi to thank him for his partnership that enhanced the relations between india and america, the white house has said.
;;0.0;;the issue was discussed today at a high-level meeting chaired by home minister rajnath singh on rs 80,000 crore development package announced for jammu and kashmir by prime minister narendramodi in 2015.
;;-0.8402;;a week after attempting suicide allegedly following harassment by in-laws,the daughter-in-law of rajkot bjp councillor chagan bhoraniya on sunday wrote to chief minister narendramodi and the state dgp,accusing the local police of shielding her in-laws.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi wipes his face amid the exertion in the open.
;;0.0;;(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi wipes his face amid the exertion in the open.
;;-0.872;;(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)a man, who has filed a complaint against prime minister narendramodi for allegedly insulting the national flag, saturday told a delhi court that he was recently assaulted and warned not to pursue the case.
;;-0.4019;;congress rajya sabha mp from gujarat, ahmed patel recently wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi stating that he has received several complaints from farmer representatives that rules and procedures under the land acquisition act 2013 was not being adhered to and gujarat government was conducting the land acquisition exercise under a diluted version of the 2013 act.
;;0.0;;chief minister arvind kejriwal on wednesday alleged that acb has registered an fir against him at the behest of prime minister narendramodi in connection with the administrative and financial irregularities in the functioning of the delhi commission for women (dcw).
;;0.6908;;a metropolitan court will on october 28 decide the fate of supreme court-appointed special investigation teams report that gave a clean chit to chief minister narendramodi on his alleged role in the 2002 post-godhra riots.
;;0.4019;;a national conference delegation led by party president dr farooq abdullah met prime minister narendramodi on thursday and urged him not to take any precipitous steps that may lead to a deterioration in the law and order situation of jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;b'rime minister narendramodi in hangzhou.
;;0.0;;(pti photo by vijay verma) rime minister narendramodi in hangzhou.
;;0.5478;;(pti photo by vijay verma)underlining that a difficult conversation was not enough to combat global slowdown, prime minister narendramodi on sunday pressed for a collective, coordinated and targeted action by the g20 members to revive the global economic growth.
;;0.3182;;i could clearly see how relevant his message was for the current situation in violence-scarred kashmir, and why prime ministers narendramodi and nawaz sharif needed to pay heed to it.
;;-0.4767;;in the absence of an emotive plank and the high anti-incumbency factor, shiv sena tactically kept its attack on prime minister narendramodi and targeted me personally, trying to take the centre stage.
;;0.3919;;but narendramodi modiji has explained how it has helped to check corruption, which is accepted by the people.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi modis visit to washington early next month will consolidate and celebrate the expansion of the strategic partnership between the two countries.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: suzuki motor corporation chairman and chief executive osamu suzuki will arrive his two-day visit to gujarat on august 24 and meet chief minister narendramodi and other state government officials.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi during a visit to china.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi during a visit to china.
;;0.0;;the ceasefire announcement also came just four days before prime minister narendramodi modis visit to jammu and kashmir.
;;0.1027;;(ap photo)india and pakistan should look for ways to resolve their deeply-held differences peacefully, the us has said even as it refrained from making any comment on prime minister narendramodi modis remarks calling pakistan as the mothership of terrorism.
;;-0.8591;;(express photo by anil sharma)having walked out of rajya sabha in protest against prime minister narendramodi modis remarks against his predecessor, manmohan singh, the congress on wednesday threatened that it will not let the prime minister to speak in the house unless he apologises for using ugly and unacceptable language against a former pm.
;;0.5994;;the centre had told the top court that cabinet approval for the scheme could not be obtained since prime minister narendramodi and his cabinet colleagues were busy in the karnataka poll campaign.
;;-0.7017;;urging prime minister narendramodi to take steps to ensure water for tamil nadu farmers, he said farmers had no other go but to go in for protests if they do not get justice.
;;0.0772;;the supreme court on friday agreed to hear on april 15 a contempt plea by bjp mp meenakshi lekhi against congress chief rahul gandhi for his alleged remarks against prime minister narendramodi on the recent verdict in the contentious rafale deal.
;;0.0;;a meeting between shah and prime minister narendramodi to take a formal decision is also expected.
;;-0.4767;;india toppled japan as the worlds second-largest importer of liquefied petroleum gas as prime minister narendramodi modis pledge to provide cooking gas cylinders to the poor and wean them off polluting fuels drove up consumption.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu at the 1st israel  india ceos forum in tel aviv, israel.
;;0.0;;pti photo / pib prime minister narendramodi and his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu at the 1st israel  india ceos forum in tel aviv, israel.
;;-0.1027;;pti photo / pibthe jewish community in gujarat comprising just around 150-odd members watched prime minister narendramodi modis visit to israel, their fatherland, with cautious expectation.
;;0.2263;;the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , approved the project, which will be implemented by noida metro rail corporation limited, jointly owned by the central government and the uttar pradesh government.
;;0.5994;;the countrys prime minister, ranil wickremesinghe, is travelling to india this week and prime minister narendramodi will head to sri lanka next month to join the special international celebrations of the buddha jayanti in colombo.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday addressed the nation in the 29th edition of his monthly radio broadcast programme mann ki baat.
;;0.8807;;prime minister narendramodi and crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, who held comprehensive talks yesterday, also expressed satisfaction over the ties having been matured into a robust relationship across a broad spectrum of political, economic, trade and investment, energy, defence and security spheres.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters)sports minister vijay goel on tuesday said he has requested the prime minister narendramodi to meet indias paralympic athletes after their stupendous show at the rio paralympics.
;;-0.4019;;effigies burnt, many detained in mohaliprotestors were carrying effigies of prime minister narendramodi , punjab chief minister capt amarinder singh in every bus.
;;-0.296;;will this cause people to cast aspersions on prime minister narendramodi , as the opposition has accused him of impropriety in the rafale deal?
;;0.0;;the opposition has targeted prime minister narendramodi on this.
;;0.2023;;the event is being widely interpreted as the response of a hostile pakistan army to prime minister narendramodi modis surprise visit to lahore in the last week of 2015 to greet his pakistani counterpart, nawaz sharif, on the latters birthday.
;;0.7184;;(illustration by c r sasikumar)prime minister narendramodi modis desire to double the income of farmers by the year 2022, that he expressed while addressing a farmers rally in bareilly, uttar pradesh, on february 28, 2016, has evoked strong responses from various analysts, experts and the media.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by prashant ravi)rjd chief lalu prasad on friday wrote to prime minister narendramodi to draw his attention towards a recent hrd circular, which said that reservation in obc category for the posts of professor and associate professor has been done away with.
;;0.802;;praising prime minister narendramodi modis vision and amit shahs organisational skills, maurya, who was the leader of opposition before quitting bsp, said it was due to these two factors that he joined the party.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi on monday paid tributes to the father of the nation mahatma gandhi on his 69th death anniversary.
;;-0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi modis mention of the kolkata flyover collapse was a clear indication of the bjps focus on urban voters.
;;0.0;;this could essentially be indicative of a shift of voters who had voted for the bjp to make narendramodi prime minister.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi and congress chief rahul gandhi (file) prime minister narendramodi and congress chief rahul gandhi (file)in response to congress president rahul gandhis tweet provoking the bharatiya janata partys social media team about his trip abroad, the partys official handle responded monday by asking if he could ensure a working government in karnataka before he left.
;;-0.3182;;the gujarat high court on monday disposed of a public interest litigation (pil) by a senior citizen with certain directions after the petitioner met chief minister narendramodi and made a representation regarding his grievances on the poor civic amenities in vadodara.
;;0.0;;she has had a breakfast meeting with sports minister kiren rijiju and is set to meet prime minister narendramodi later in the day.
;;0.6908;;congress president sonia gandhi has written to prime minister narendramodi asking him to implement the commitments made by the previous upa government to seemandhra, including the grant of special category status to it and facilitating execution of the polavaram multi-purpose irrigation project.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi speaks at a conclave of sarpanchs in gandhinagar, gujarat.
;;0.0;;(source: ani) prime minister narendramodi speaks at a conclave of sarpanchs in gandhinagar, gujarat.
;;0.128;;(source: ani)honouring women as a beacon of change in rural india, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said today they have broken so many myths, they have shown how a positive change has begun in villages.
;;0.3818;;(express photot by kamleshwar singh)voters in delhi have an option of availing a buy-one-get-one-free offer if they ensure that kiran bedi becomes the chief minister here as there is already prime minister narendramodi leading the government at the centre, former bjp mp navjot singh sidhu said today.
;;-0.6341;;few people realised in 2014 that sitting alone in ahmedabad, narendramodi had figured out that playing the hindu/hindutva card, temple or no, will not gain the bjp a majority.
;;-0.7783;;(pti photo)attacking the bjp and prime minister narendramodi , congress on sunday said he has time to think about people of balochistan but cannot meet the dalit victims of atrocities in his home state gujarat even as it demanded time-bound and concrete action against perpetrators.
;;0.0258;;himanshu pathak, who is the state congress vice-president and spokesperson, has also written to prime minister narendramodi seeking to know his stand on the matter.
;;0.0;;bjp will soon come up with another slew of ads as chief minister narendramodi completes 4,000 days in governance.
;;0.5267;;advertisingspeaking at a press conference organised in the bjp office of panchkula, the minister said, on the demands of the citizens of the nation, article 370 was revoked by the ever courageous prime minister narendramodi and the minister of home affairs, amit shah.
;;0.3818;;the party also asked whether prime minister narendramodi agrees to the remarks made by the rss functionary, demanding he should clarify his stand on the issue.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi arrives for the cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;renuka puri pm narendramodi arrives for the cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.296;;renuka purithe overwhelming victory in uttar pradesh has given prime minister narendramodi unprecedented sway and space to bring about a major cabinet reshuffle but top sources in the government said such a rejig is unlikely to happen in a hurry.
;;0.0;;the yogi adityanath government has proposed the setting up of a make in uttar pradesh department along the lines of prime minister narendramodi modis make in india initiative.
;;0.0;;keeping in mind the mantra of prime minister narendramodi i.
;;0.5994;;express archivesthe chandigarh administration has shortlisted two venues  capitol complex and botanical garden  for the second edition of international yoga day scheduled to be held in the city beautiful on june 21 in which prime minister narendramodi will participate.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo)animal welfare group peta india today urged prime minister narendramodi to ban all meat products from menus at all government meetings and events.
;;-0.6956;;but almost nearly as sacred is prime minister narendramodi  because, one gathers, that being critical of him was the offence of the boys of the periyar study circle at iit madras.
;;-0.3818;;hours after that, prime minister narendramodi delivered a televised address in which he made the shock announcement.
;;-0.7003;;express photo express photoat the end of last month, on june 29, a day after nationwide civil society protests against lynchings spilled into the streets, prime minister narendramodi had expressed anguish.
;;-0.4588;;(ap photo)the ruling pdp tuesday welcomed prime minister narendramodi modis statement on kashmir, while opposition national conference and the separatists slammed it for focusing on development and ignoring the crux of the problem.
;;0.0;;a few months ago, a presentation on the project was made before prime minister narendramodi and the union cabinet.
;;-0.128;;watch what else is making newswhile the detained volunteers gathered under a tree raising high-pitched slogans against prime minister narendramodi and the demonetisation drive, a few slipped out to queue up next to the police personnel at the atm and swiftly came out with crisp new notes of rs 2,000.
;;0.7717;;with senas daily mouthpiece saamana reacting to prime minister narendramodi modis jibe at former pm manmohan singh by praising development works done by previous congress governments, the whispers of a friendly match in some wards between the sena and the congress have grown louder.
;;-0.5719;;after the uri attack, indian prime minister narendramodi had assured the nation that those behind the despicable attack will not go unpunished.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi gave his second interview to an indian television news channel after assuming office in 2014 on friday.
;;0.0;;heres how twitter reacted to pm modis interview:watching narendramodi modis interview is exactly similar to watching his speeches.
;;0.4767;;niranjan davkhare said though ncp chief sharad pawar is a big leader, he trusts the development agenda of prime minister narendramodi and thus, joined the bjp.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressing an election rally.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi addressing an election rally.
;;0.743;;(file photo)as the battle for uttar pradesh is set to enter the final two legs of polling, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday claimed that the bharatiya janata party has emerged victorious in the last five phases and that the remaining two will be a bonus for the party.
;;-0.481;;whenever i introduce myself here (in south india),i always get this problem where people tend to ask me if i am related to cm narendramodi and some even assume that i am his niece, she says.
;;0.0;;out of the closetthe new secretariat complex,swarnim sankul-1 which chief minister narendramodi and his cabinet colleagues moved in to,is swanky already,but its dcor can seem discrepant.
;;0.0;;all former occupants including cm narendramodi and his cabinet ministers have moved to new building swarnim sankul-i.
;;0.0;;the balconycm narendramodi modis new office is the first and probably the only room in the entire secretariat complex in gandhinagar attached with a balcony.
;;0.4019;;party spokesperson r b singh patel said the campaign  bjp hatao, aarakashan bachao from july 26 to august 1  would primarily focus on prime minister narendramodi modis lok sabha constituency.
;;0.3182;;the election is continuation of bjps victory in up, uttarakhand beside formation of governments in goa and manipur as endorsement to the policies of prime minister narendramodi .
;;-0.0516;;when asked about shiv senas criticism of gujarat chief minister narendramodi in an editorial which appeared in party mouthpiece saamana last week,swamy said the editorial basically spoke of the need for the pm candidate to be upholding hindutva also,rather than just development.
;;0.3182;;on bihar chief minister nitish kumar attacking his gujarat counterpart narendramodi over the secular principle,swamy felt that nitish could be assured that a true hindu mwill always be a secular person.
;;0.128;;in a letter addressed to prime minister narendramodi , banerjee wrote, given the fact that the niti ayog has no financial powers and the power to support state plans, it is fruitless for me to attend the meeting of a body that is bereft of any financial powers.
;;-0.7506;;the delhi high court today stayed three separate cic orders imposing rs 25,000 penalty on delhi universitys public information officer for rejecting rti applications seeking facts about the graduation degrees of prime minister narendramodi and union minister smriti irani.
;;0.3818;;an ailing congress president sonia gandhi should quickly appoint her son rahul gandhi as party chief as the delay is only helping prime minister narendramodi achieve his ambition of a congress-mukt india, a congress leader said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;police said dharmalingam had written on the walls of his house that he opposed prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the state.
;;-0.1027;;aap state convener, gurpreet singh waraich said, prime minister narendramodi is directly responsible for the problems being faced by common people due to demonetisation.
;;-0.1027;;aap state convener, gurpreet singh waraich said, prime minister narendramodi is directly responsible for the problems being faced by common people due to demonetisation.
;;0.3182;;addressing the party workers, aap state convener, gurpreet singh waraich said, prime minister narendramodi is directly responsible for the problems being faced by common people due to demonetisation.
;;0.0;;talking about prime minister narendramodi modis move to make documents on netaji public, ardhendu told the indian express sunday that it was part of the prime ministers wider plan to urge other countries to release their classified files on netaji.
;;0.0;;b'chinese president xi jinping (c) takes a group photo with indian prime minister narendramodi (2nd l), brazils president michel temer (l), russian president vladimir putin (2nd r) and south africas president jacob zuma at the west lake state guest house ahead of g20 summit in hangzhou, zhejiang province, china, september 4, 2016.
;;0.0;;(reuters) chinese president xi jinping (c) takes a group photo with indian prime minister narendramodi (2nd l), brazils president michel temer (l), russian president vladimir putin (2nd r) and south africas president jacob zuma at the west lake state guest house ahead of g20 summit in hangzhou, zhejiang province, china, september 4, 2016.
;;0.4588;;(reuters)prime minister narendramodi , who arrived in hangzhou on friday night to attend the g20 summit on september 4 and 5, will take up multiple issues of indias interest with various global leaders on the sidelines of the summit.
;;0.6597;;b'at a meeting of the bjp parliamentary party, prime minister narendramodi was present along with party chief amit shah and others.
;;0.6597;;at a meeting of the bjp parliamentary party, prime minister narendramodi was present along with party chief amit shah and others.
;;0.8658;;at a meeting of the bjp parliamentary party, where prime minister narendramodi was present, party chief amit shah told mps that the they should take budget to the people by highlighting the schemes and ensure that the benefits reach grassroot levels.
;;0.0;;bangladeshi pm sheikh hasina and prime minister narendramodi (source: pmo/twitter) bangladeshi pm sheikh hasina and prime minister narendramodi (source: pmo/twitter)prime minister narendramodi and visiting bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina issued a joint statement after the leaders of both countries held talks on key bilateral, regional and international issues of mutual concern.
;;-0.2263;;patel added that such statements by the bjp leaders were an an attempt to preempt any protests during the prime minister narendramodi modis visit on may 23.
;;0.1531;;and specially they want to pacify patidar youths ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit on may 23 so that they do not do any protestthey do not want to give anything to patidar community, he said.
;;0.3612;;common to both editions was the presence of prime minister narendramodi who is credited with having fathered the event in 2003.
;;0.0;;when pm snappedprime minister narendramodi was not in the most amiable of moods while interacting with members of the central board of excise and customs and central board of direct taxes recently.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi today pitched for conducting simultaneous elections to the lok sabha and the state assemblies and shifting to a january-december fiscal year.
;;0.4019;;express photo by anil sharmasenior congress leader a k antony on monday said his partys aim was to oust prime minister narendramodi from power by joining hands with secular parties, adding that the congress-jd(s) combine in karnataka was a step in this direction.
;;0.4019;;the congress-jd(s) combine in karnataka is the beginning of the partys aim to oust narendramodi (who is butchering democracy) from power by including secular parties, he said.
;;0.0;;president barack obama meets with indian prime minister india narendramodi in the oval office of the white house in washington, tuesday, june 7, 2016.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/pablo martinez monsivais) president barack obama meets with indian prime minister india narendramodi in the oval office of the white house in washington, tuesday, june 7, 2016.
;;0.4215;;(ap photo/pablo martinez monsivais)prime minister narendramodi is on his fourth visit to the united states since his term began and he met us president barack obama at white house on tuesday.
;;-0.6705;;as the nsg meeting ended with no decision on indias membership bid, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal today targeted prime minister narendramodi saying he has failed completely on foreign policy front.
;;0.3818;;the ties gained momentum after the visit of prime minister narendramodi to sri lanka in march last year, the first bilateral tour by an indian premier in over 25 years.
;;-0.128;;senior congress leader and former chief minister ashok chavan criticised the state government for being insensitive to farmers, one of whom, he said, was praised by prime minister narendramodi in his mann ki baat programme.
;;0.0;;last august, soon after prime minister narendramodi had termed gau rakshaks as anti-social and asked state governments to act against them, rss sarkaryavah suresh bhayyaji joshi had said that some anti-social elements of society have been taking law into their hands in the name of gau raksha.
;;0.5859;;the nda government, led by prime minister narendramodi , committed itself since the beginning of its term to give special emphasis to the financial inclusion of every person in the country.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi with other global leaders on the sidelines of the vibrant gujarat global summit 2017, in gandhinagar, gujarat on tuesday.
;;0.5267;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi with other global leaders on the sidelines of the vibrant gujarat global summit 2017, in gandhinagar, gujarat on tuesday.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi during the sco summit in tashkent on friday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi during the sco summit in tashkent on friday.
;;-0.6486;;(pti photo)as the final process for indias accession as a full member of the sco began, prime minister narendramodi on friday said indias ties with the bloc will help protect the region from threats of radicalisation and violence asserting that it would adopt zero tolerance to terrorism.
;;0.4215;;yeddyurappa, who returned to benguluru from delhi on saturday after sharing dais with prime minister narendramodi at a function to mark kannada philosopher basaveswara birth anniversary, spoke to bjp chief amit shah over telephone on friday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with his nepali counterpart kp sharma oli ahead of delegation level talks in kathmandu on friday.
;;0.0;;(pti) prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with his nepali counterpart kp sharma oli ahead of delegation level talks in kathmandu on friday.
;;0.9136;;(pti)while lauding the himalayan nations successful journey from bullets to ballots, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said india is ready to be the sherpa to help nepal scale the mountain of success.
;;0.0;;addressing a sena rally in aurangabad on wednesday, raut had slammed prime minister narendramodi for not visiting the drought-hit marathwada region.
;;-0.5719;;b'delhi water minister kapil mishra said he had written to prime minister narendramodi and lieutenant governor najeeb jung monday, asking them to initiate a cbi probe and file an fir against former chief minister sheila dikshit in connection with the delhi jal board (djb) water tanker scam.
;;0.0;;read morepm pm narendramodi in a meeting with crown prince of abu dhabi mohammed bin zayed al nahyan.
;;0.9349;;(pib photo)uae is an important partner in indias growth story, welcome its investments: pm narendramodi modipm narendramodi on wednesday thanked abu dhabi crown prince mohammed bin zayed al nahyan for uaes continued support to india, saying the two leaders have agreed to sustain the momentum of its relations in key areas, including energy and investments.
;;-0.743;;speaking at a joint press conference, prime minister narendramodi said he discussed trade, terrorism, islamic radicalisation as well as threats in the region.
;;-0.7269;;advertisingwhile bsp chief mayawati has accused prime minister narendramodi of doing politics over the incident, paswan attacked mayawati with the same allegation and said that she was shedding crocodile tears.
;;0.4019;;in picture, pm narendramodi (pti photo) in picture, pm narendramodi (pti photo)stability with continuity in the bjp-ruled states was the thrust of a meeting prime minister narendramodi held with 13 party chief ministers.
;;-0.4653;;dmk working president m k stalin had led a protest in chennai yesterday in this regard as he targeted prime minister narendramodi for allegedly not giving time for aiadmk mps to discuss the jallikattu issue.
;;-0.1531;;(illustration: c r sasikumar)subramanian swamy has been attempting to create major problems for the bjp government  more particularly for prime minister narendramodi himself.
;;0.6059;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi today met the top brass of maharashtra bjp to discuss strategy for next lok sabha elections but former party president nitin gadkari was conspicuous by his absence.
;;0.2732;;advani ji may wonder for the remainder of his very golden years, and may god give him a very long life, as to whether bailing out narendramodi on that fateful plane ride with atal behari vajpayee in april 2002 to panjim, goa, to attend the national executive meeting, was perhaps the biggest political blunder of his long and distinguished career.
;;0.2263;;it scarred and mutilated the soul of india, compelling then prime minister atal behari vajpayee to remind present prime minister narendramodi about his raj dharma.
;;-0.765;;(source: file)with the opposition targeting the narendramodi government over indias failure to clinch a membership in the nuclear suppliers group (nsg), the janata dal (united) on monday dubbed the blockade as biggest foreign policy failure of the current regime.
;;-0.3612;;she also recalled prime minister narendramodi modis role in fighting malnutrition when he was gujarats chief minister.
;;0.3182;;a day after the trump administration proposed a plan to change us visa rules for h1-b visa holders, congress president rahul gandhi targetted prime minister narendramodi , calling the proposed visa rules as a huge setback for india.
;;0.0;;foreign policy by narendramodi , foreword by donald trump.
;;-0.7184;;ap photothe centre on tuesday rushed an additional 700 rapid action force (raf) personnel to karnataka to prevent further violence over the cauvery water-sharing dispute, which has claimed two lives so far, while prime minister narendramodi issued an appeal for peace, saying that he was personally pained by the situation.
;;0.5719;;the ministry of culture has also created a task force which, with the help of the national archives, will be compiling the collected works of mookerjee  the collected works of deen dayal upadhyaya were released by prime minister narendramodi in october 2016.
;;0.0;;b'the bjp today appointed gujarat chief minister narendramodi as chairman of its election campaign committee for the 2014 lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;at the recent bjp national executive meet in bhubaneswar, both shah and prime minister narendramodi set coastal states  kerala, andhra pradesh, telangana, tamil nadu and west bengal apart from odisha  as the partys next targets.
;;0.0;;on march 27, prime minister narendramodi , in a televised address to the nation, announced that india has entered the elite club of nations to possess the capability to hit a target in space.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi addressing a rally at balasore, odisha (ani photo) prime minister narendramodi addressing a rally at balasore, odisha (ani photo)prime minister narendramodi thursday addressed a 50,000-strong crowd at the aiims ground in balasore, odisha, as part of the bjps vikas utsav celebrations.
;;0.6486;;there is no doubt that by assigning the defence portfolio to sitharaman, prime minister narendramodi has reposed profound confidence in her political, intellectual and administrative abilities.
;;0.2263;;after he directed delhi university to allow file inspection of degree-related records of 1978, when prime minister narendramodi is said to have been graduated, the hrd ministry was taken from acharyulu and given to parashar.
;;0.2732;;as part of the palika navjyoti mission, the civic agency had announced the distribution of three led bulbs to each of its 12,000 employees, a decision in line with prime minister narendramodi modis call for conservation of energy.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)tamil nadu chief minister k palaniswami submitted a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi at chennai on sunday on the states development projects.
;;-0.128;;after prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation move on november 8, 2016, there was a liquidity squeeze in the market and the demand for jewellery went down by around 80 per cent.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi on monday had visited the place to pay his tributes to the departed soul.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi today informed the state assembly that as on january 31,the state governments index-b had spent rs 26,82,41,763.
;;0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi today announced a scheme for giving loans up to rs 1 crore to small and marginal fishermen for buying modern boats so that they can venture into the deep sea for a better catch.
;;0.5719;;watch video: whats making newsthe government has announced a number of innovative measures to make the delivery of pension and related documents much more convenient and less time-consuming such as the aadhaar based jeevan pramaan package launched by prime minister narendramodi on november 11, 2014 which enables the pensioners to register online their life certificates in digital format.
;;0.128;;sbm was officially launched on october 2, 2014 by prime minister narendramodi with an aim to eradicate open defecation by 2019 from the country.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi modis government, she pointed out, had begun its term in office with an extraordinary outreach to islamabad, inviting pakistans prime minister nawaz sharif to new delhi, and following that up with a push for secretary-level dialogue on all issues.
;;0.836;;watch what else is making newslauding prime minister narendramodi for his resolve to find permanent peace, zeliang said both the prime minister and the naga peoples front (npf) were believers in finding solution to the protracted naga political problem through peaceful means.
;;0.0;;however, from 2006, the then chief minister narendramodi had brought a range of government jobs of class iii & iv under the policy.
;;-0.25;;members of chandigarh congress protest against pm narendramodi modis visit to the city, at congress bhawan in sector 35, chandigarh, on friday.
;;0.0;;they were released after prime minister narendramodi left the city.
;;0.0;;i am going to talk to the prime minister narendramodi over the issue, he said.
;;0.0;;besides, prime minister narendramodi modis decision of demonetisation is also in tune with babasahebs thoughts of changing the currency after ten years.
;;0.7096;;prime minister narendramodi and the bjp have been pressing for holding simultaneous polls to lok sabha and state assemblies to help save time and the countrys resources.
;;0.4215;;pti phototaking a swipe at prime minister narendramodi over soaring dal prices, congress vice president rahul gandhi thursday twisted the bjp poll slogan of har har modi, ghar ghar modi, saying a new slogan is becoming popular in villages: arhar modi, arhar modi.
;;0.2023;;(express illustration)on the account of deadly threat from prime minister narendramodi modis nationalism, india has slipped down two ranks compared to last year in the reporters without borders (reporters sans frontires, rsf) world press freedom index 2018.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in qingdao, china, on saturday.
;;0.0;;(twitter/@meaindia) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in qingdao, china, on saturday.
;;0.0;;(twitter/@meaindia)building on the momentum from the informal summit in the chinese city of wuhan six weeks ago, prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping on saturday held a bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi being welcomed on his arrival at qingdao, china on saturday.
;;0.34;;(pti) prime minister narendramodi being welcomed on his arrival at qingdao, china on saturday.
;;0.2023;;read | narendramodi in china: top 10 takeaways from todays bilateral meetingsthe two sides also held discussions on other bilateral issues affecting the two countries.
;;0.4404;;he further said prime minister narendramodi is driving india towards development and also trying to have good relations with all parts of the globe.
;;0.0;;(illustration: c r sasikumar)ever since the bjp-led national democratic alliance formed its government at the centre, following a historic mandate in 2014, there has been a concerted campaign to defame prime minister narendramodi by the congress-left combine.
;;0.1779;;nationalist congress party ( ncp) workers friday staged a protest against mahatma gandhis photo being replaced on the khadi gram udyog calendar with prime minister narendramodi modis photo.
;;0.128;;the national led programme was launched by prime minister narendramodi in january 2015.
;;-0.7003;;gandhi accused prime minister narendramodi of destroying the countrys banking system owing to the decision of demonetisation.
;;0.0;;between august (prime minister narendramodi reiterated the rs 1 lakh nhps in his 2016 independence day speech after it was first announced by finance minister arun jaitley in his budget speech) and december 2016, 17 meetings were held and 22 expert groups worked on various aspects of the rs 1 lakh national health protection scheme (nhps).
;;-0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi (file image) prime minister narendramodi (file image)prime minister narendramodi , who is currently on a four-nation trip to europe, took to twitter to condemn the attack that rocked kabul wednesday morning.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah have spoken against disrespecting statues of leaders, they said.
;;0.8461;;on monday, when he joined the bjp, agrawal expressed his affection for sp leader mulayam singh yadav as well as his cousin ram gopal yadav, saying he could never leave them  besides praising prime minister narendramodi and up chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;-0.91;;(pti photo)days after the goa childrens court acquitted two men charged with sexually assaulting and leaving british teenager scarlett keeling to die on a goa beach in february 2008, her mother fiona mackeown has written to prime minister narendramodi and sought his intervention in reopening the investigation and prosecuting perpetrators of the crime.
;;0.7717;;prime minister narendramodi on monday reviewed the progress of key infrastructure sectors and in course of the presentation made by niti aayog, it was noted that there has been phenomenal progress in several key sectors, including renewable energy, and railways.
;;0.0;;russian president vladimir putin, right, shakes hands with indias prime minister narendramodi prior their talks at the st. petersburg international economic forum in st. petersburg, russia, thursday, june 1, 2017.
;;0.0;;(sputnik, kremlin pool photo via ap) russian president vladimir putin, right, shakes hands with indias prime minister narendramodi prior their talks at the st. petersburg international economic forum in st. petersburg, russia, thursday, june 1, 2017.
;;0.6808;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on saturday asked the world leaders to adopt an international yoga day, saying that by changing lifestyle and creating consciousness, it can help us deal with climate change.
;;0.4767;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by the prime minister narendramodi , today gave in-principle approval for the transfer of property of hotel janpath to the ministry of urban development.
;;0.5106;;claiming that rules and procedures were not being followed while acquiring land for the ahmedabad-mumbai bullet train project, senior congress leader and rajya sabha member from gujarat, ahmed patel, has written a letter to prime minister narendramodi asking him to ensure that land acquistion law passed by the parliament in 2013 is implemented in letter and spirit while acquiring land from the farmers for the project.
;;0.5106;;2017uttar pradesh chief minister-elect yogi adityanath said on saturday that he would follow prime minister narendramodi modis sabka saath, sabka vikas slogan and exuded confidence that the state would march on the path of development.
;;0.3818;;adityanath said he would follow prime minister narendramodi modis slogan sab ka saath, sab ka vikas (with all and development of all) and ensure all round development of the state.
;;0.0;;recently, prime minister narendramodi asked all states to use plastic in road construction during his regular video conferencing with the administrative heads of states, an exercise titled pragati.
;;0.0;;the script for the histrionic performances of the congress and the aap was written during the bjps years of reflexive opposition to then-prime minister manmohan singhs pakistan policies, which, it would seem, prime minister narendramodi is now following.
;;0.4019;;(pti file photo)a day after the bharatiya janata party registered resounding victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, prime minister narendramodi will hold a road show in delhi on sunday, which will be followed by a victory walk and a speech.
;;0.4019;;06: 36 pm:pm narendramodi at bjp hq in delhi, party president amit shah, home minister rajnath singh also present pic.
;;0.0;;06: 30 pm:pm narendramodi offers tribute to pandit deendayal upadhyay at bjp headquarter in delhi.
;;0.5106;;06: 22 pm: pm narendramodi has arrived at bjp hq as supporters chant har har modi06: 18 pm: prime minister narendramodi modis convoy has reached outside bjp headquarters.
;;0.0;;04: 50 pm:pm narendramodi to visit to bjp hq in delhi #electionresults pic.
;;0.2732;;congress leader mani shankar aiyar sarcastically congratulated prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj for having successfully pushed nepal towards china.
;;0.872;;chief minister narendramodi on friday claimed that the gujarat government had taken care of environment while promoting industries in the state and that the job done had been the best in the country,increasing green cover through social forestry.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, thomas had recently raked a controversy by claiming that prime minister narendramodi can be called to appear before the panel, which was sharply opposed by bjp mps led by nishikant dubey.
;;-0.2903;;(express photo by lalmani verma)accusing the bjp-led central government of adopting tactics of delay over the ram janmabhoomi issue, hindu saints and seers friday asked prime minister narendramodi to spell out his governments stand on the construction of ram temple in ayodhya even as they suggested measures to the centre on how to proceed further on this matter.
;;-0.4019;;in his discharge application, vanzara has claimed that the cbis chargesheet is politically motivated with a view to topple the democratically-elected (gujarat) government, (and the) entire plot appears to have been deployed by the then central government (led by the upa) he has also claimed that prime minister narendramodi , who was then gujarat chief minister, was interrogated by the police in connection with the alleged fake encounter case.
;;-0.3477;;the fact also remains that, the then chief minister and the present prime minister narendramodi was also called by the io (investigating officer) and was interrogated, however such material is not placed on record of this casethe fact remains that, it was the intention on part of the then investigating team, which had included one satish verma, ips, was any how on mission so as to reach the then chief minister of the state and to rope him as the accused in this caseand for that purpose the story of this whole chargesheet is created and concocted, vanzaras application, a copy of which is with the indian express, stated.
;;-0.2023;;i want our prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minisiter yogi adityanath to abolish triple talaq soon, said victim.
;;-0.25;;prime minister narendramodi on monday night said he took stock of the situation in the aftermath of the earthquake that struck northern part of the country.
;;-0.25;;(source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi on monday night said he took stock of the situation in the aftermath of the earthquake that struck northern part of the country.
;;-0.25;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on monday night said he took stock of the situation in the aftermath of the earthquake that struck northern part of the country.
;;0.7717;;(pti photo)days after prime minister narendramodi took a jibe at renuka chowdhury over her laughter, rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu on wednesday, in a jocular vein, asked the congress mp to lose weight and make efforts to increase the weight of her party.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi in lok sabha.
;;0.0;;(youtube screengrab) pm narendramodi in lok sabha.
;;-0.7906;;(youtube screengrab)returning to parliament from campaigning in states headed to assembly polls, prime minister narendramodi mounted a scathing attack tuesday on the congress, accusing it of not taking steps against black money in the past for fear of an electoral backlash.
;;-0.2263;;(file photo)congress general secretary digvijay singh today said maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis had stopped thinking of the prime minister narendramodi as a marketable face after the demonetisation.
;;0.7783;;senior jd(u) leader ajay alok has gone against his partys opposition of revoking provisions of article 370, and expressed his support for prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah for the historic decision of putting an end to constitutional provisions giving a special status to jammu and kashmir.
;;0.5994;;he also tweeted in hindi, congratulations to narendramodi and amit shah because article 370 would not have been abrogated without you.
;;0.6249;;he pointed out that prime minister narendramodi had met mps belonging to the scheduled castes and had assured them that the government was doing everything to protect the rights and wellbeing of our dalit sisters and brothers.
;;-0.4588;;indias reaction to an amazon.com website selling doormats resembling the countrys flag involved an unprecedented public and private offensive against the u.s. company by prime minister narendramodi modis government, a document shows.
;;0.2023;;b'ashok vajpeyi was also among the first to return his sahitya akademi award to the government criticising prime minister narendramodi for not speaking up.
;;0.2023;;(express archive) ashok vajpeyi was also among the first to return his sahitya akademi award to the government criticising prime minister narendramodi for not speaking up.
;;0.6428;;prime minister narendramodi symbolises this positive governance and is the principal architect of the gujarat development story.
;;0.6428;;(express photo/renuka puri) prime minister narendramodi symbolises this positive governance and is the principal architect of the gujarat development story.
;;0.6428;;prime minister narendramodi symbolises this positive governance and is the principal architect of the gujarat development story.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi speaking at an event in new delhi.
;;0.0;;pti photo / pib (pti8_2_2016_000117a) prime minister narendramodi speaking at an event in new delhi.
;;0.0;;the event will culminate with prime minister narendramodi conducting his first-ever townhall in the evening.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at a meeting with mps from northern states.
;;0.0;;(source: narendramodi modi/ youtube) prime minister narendramodi at a meeting with mps from northern states.
;;-0.802;;file photo/agenciessenior congress leader and former home minister p chidambaram today blamed the pdp-bjp government for the unrest in kashmir valley and said the statements of prime minister narendramodi have exacerbated the crisis.
;;0.25;;a day before red beacons go off the streets, prime minister narendramodi on sunday flagged peoples disdain for the lal batti culture and said the concept of vip should be replaced by epi, meaning every person is important.
;;0.4404;;bjp members, most of them sporting bright scarves in red, black and white, thumped their desks and gave a standing ovation to prime minister narendramodi when he entered the house.
;;-0.25;;an aam aadmi party (aap) leader and advocate-activist prashant bhushan on saturday criticised chief minister narendramodi for projecting himself as an apostle of honesty across the country,and at the same time fighting a three-year-long court battle against the appointment of a lokayukta in the state.
;;0.7624;;the 2018 agreement is said to be a more detailed and improved version of the 2015 pact, signed between the two countries when prime minister narendramodi visited seychelles.
;;-0.7506;;(source: twitter/narendramodi)the congress hit out at prime minister narendramodi , saying that while he spoke of development at baghpat in western uttar pradesh, a farmer died protesting against the non-payment of sugarcane dues, not far from the venue of the pms rally.
;;0.7506;;the farm loan waiver was one of the key promises made by the party  as well as prime minister narendramodi  ahead of the uttar pradesh assembly polls.
;;0.8074;;(file)prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin meet today for an annual summit the highlight of which is expected to be the signing of an agreement to build the last two units of the kundankulam nuclear power plant with moscows help.
;;-0.6124;;parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu charged that cbi was misused by the then upa government to harass its political opponent and defame the then gujarat chief minister narendramodi , who is now prime minister.
;;-0.296;;the entire plan was to stop narendramodi , defame narendramodi , implicate narendramodi , he said.
;;0.25;;to a question about speculation surrounding narendramodi as a future nda prime ministerial candidate,togadia said,anyone can dream of becoming a prime minister.
;;0.4588;;in the run-up to the parliamentary election in 2014, mr narendramodi had re-invented himself as a moderate politician whose paramount interest was the economic development of india and, in fact, of all the people of india.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis rally at sonamura near agartala could be deemed the launch of the bjps poll campaign.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis rally at sonamura near agartala could be deemed the launch of the bjps poll campaign.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis rally at sonamura near agartala could be deemed the launch of the bjps poll campaign.
;;0.8176;;b'bjp workers celebrate by taking portrait of bjp cm candidate sarbananda sonwal and prime minister narendramodi after their win in assam state assembly election 2016 at hengrabari in guwahati on thursday.
;;0.8176;;bjp workers celebrate by taking portrait of bjp cm candidate sarbananda sonwal and prime minister narendramodi after their win in assam state assembly election 2016 at hengrabari in guwahati on thursday.
;;0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh have assured that the indo-bangladesh border will be sealed to end the problem of infiltration, rakesh thakur, a resident of central assams nagaon district, told ians while expressing hope that people like him will get employment.
;;0.0;;(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) narendramodi during his roadshow in varanasi on sunday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)with campaigning for the seventh and last phase of assembly elections in uttar pradesh ending monday, prime minister narendramodi made a final pitch sunday for votes to the bjp.
;;0.4939;;the national conference chief, who was recently called to new delhi by prime minister narendramodi for a discussion on kashmir, said modi wanted a peaceful end to the situation in the state, reeling under unrest for months.
;;0.9116;;bhopal bjp candidate pragya singh thakurs praise of mahatma gandhis assassin nathuram godse has left the bjp squirming, more so because both prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah have justified the decision to field her in the lok sabha polls despite the terror charges against her.
;;-0.6808;;the larger conspiracy of the accused was to eliminate the then gujarat chief minister narendramodi and vishwa hindu parishad leader praveen togadia, the court said.
;;-0.0772;;advertisingwatch | prime minister narendramodi on jammu & kashmir, article 370there are other issues concerning the country why voice your concern only when it came to j&k and restrictions imposed there?
;;0.0;;our president (bimal gurung) has already written to prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh.
;;0.0;;b'located just across the border in andhra pradesh, 30 km short of sriharikota, from tada in nellore to chittoor, sri city is a fast-rising symbol of prime minister narendramodi modis make-in-india slogan.
;;0.0;;(source: sri city website) located just across the border in andhra pradesh, 30 km short of sriharikota, from tada in nellore to chittoor, sri city is a fast-rising symbol of prime minister narendramodi modis make-in-india slogan.
;;0.0;;located just across the border in andhra pradesh, 30 km short of sriharikota, from tada in nellore to chittoor, sri city is a fast-rising symbol of prime minister narendramodi modis make-in-india slogan.
;;0.0;;from issuing fatwas against prime minister narendramodi to state bjp president dilip ghosh, to making objectionable statements against rss, barkati had hogged the limelight for years in the state.
;;0.0;;a day later, he had claimed that he would not remove the red beacon even if prime minister narendramodi asked him to.
;;-0.1027;;remembering late shiv sena founder, bal thackeray, on his 91st birth anniversary, prime minister narendramodi on monday took to twitter to pay homage to the leader.
;;-0.25;;on february 22, during a protest against demonetisation, mastan was caught on camera asking a crowd at amour in purnea district to hit a photograph of prime minister narendramodi with shoes.
;;0.0;;(express photo by vishal srivastav)as rahul gandhis kisan yatra entered day three, prime minister narendramodi was once again the main focus of the congress vice-president.
;;-0.7184;;blaming modi for everything  right from the increase in train fare, price rise, unemployment and lower minimum support price for crops  rahul said: the focus of prime minister narendramodi is towards visiting america, japan and australia, in shaking hands with (us president barrack) obama and waiving loans of his industrialist friendsat the end of his campaign for the day, he told farmers at a khaat sabha in gonda that for the first time, the prime minister of the country needs to be told that there are poor people as well in this country.
;;0.1921;;she alleged that prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah have not just murdered the democracy in up and uttarakhand in their hunger for power, but also greatly misused money and power to trample on the mandate in goa and manipur.
;;0.2023;;randeep surjewala (express) randeep surjewala (express)amid a raging debate over triple talaq and a day after prime minister narendramodi spoke about addressing the concerns of muslim women, the congress said on monday that if any religious practice is contrary to modern times, the effort should be to end it, with the consent of the community and by taking all the stakeholders into confidence.
;;-0.7506;;in 2014, not long after his government assumed power at the centre, prime minister narendramodi , in a stinging criticism of the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act, dubbed it a living monument to successive congress regimes failure to address poverty.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi in lok sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;pti photo / tv grab new delhi: prime minister narendramodi in lok sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.8074;;pti photo / tv grabcongress leader and former union minister m v rajasekharan has showered praise on prime minister narendramodi and congratulated him for the bjps success in the recent assembly polls.
;;0.0;;b'jamshedpur: prime minister narendramodi addressing at the panchayati raj sammelan marking panchayati raj day and concluding session of gram uday se bharat uday programme in jamshedpur on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo jamshedpur: prime minister narendramodi addressing at the panchayati raj sammelan marking panchayati raj day and concluding session of gram uday se bharat uday programme in jamshedpur on sunday.
;;0.8625;;the nda government is working towards making gram swaraj a reality by strengthening local self-governments since prime minister narendramodi firmly believes that the three ds  decentralisation, devolution and development  go hand in hand.
;;0.4404;;lankan foreign minister ravi karunanayake thanked india and prime minister narendramodi for providing assistance within hours of a request being made.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in lucknow during the parivartan rally.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@bjp4india) prime minister narendramodi in lucknow during the parivartan rally.
;;0.0258;;(source: twitter/@bjp4india)prime minister narendramodi today asked denmark to extend full support in the extradition of purulia arms drop case accused kim davy, taking into account indias sensitivities.
;;0.1027;;the supreme court monday adjourned until may 8 the hearing on allegations of violation of model code of conduct by prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.4019;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi today, kejriwal has sought the centres help in sending 10 lakh liters of water per day from delhi to latur in the next two months.
;;0.9062;;b'prime minister narendramodi at a dinner hosted by the president of united states of america (usa), barack obama, at the white house, in washington d.c. (source: pti) prime minister narendramodi at a dinner hosted by the president of united states of america (usa), barack obama, at the white house, in washington d.c. (source: pti)prime minister narendramodi will undertake a two-day visit to the us from june 7 during which he will address a joint meeting of the us congress and hold talks with president barack obama to review the progress made in key areas of defence, security and energy.
;;0.0;;every prime minister except prime minister narendramodi met hurriyat leaders.
;;-0.296;;the only person missing will be prime minister narendramodi , who will be in chandigarh to receive french president francois hollande.
;;-0.4767;;pti photoon a day pakistani troops carried out a major attack on the line of control (loc), prime minister narendramodi today said there is something in india because of which it keeps marching ahead despite the inimical forces.
;;0.7003;;significantly, this has followed recent visit to india by pakistan prime minsiter nawaz sharif who had expressed hope for having good ties with the new narendramodi led government at the centre.
;;-0.296;;the infiltration attempts by terrorists, coupled with incidents of ceasefire violation by pakistani troops continue along the loc and international border in jammu kashmir despite prime minister narendramodi extending a hand of friendship to the neighbouring country.
;;-0.91;;only last month after narendramodi government came to power at the centre, the pakistan border action team (bat) comprising its regular troops and terrorists had attacked an indian army patrol near the loc in pallanwalla area killing one solder and injuring two others.
;;0.0;;he also spoke about initiatives undertaken by the narendramodi government.
;;0.4588;;there are a number of changes that have been ushered in by the current bjp government under the leadership of narendramodi there are special policies for farmers and backward sections of society.
;;0.5994;;before we come to seek a fresh mandate in 2019, we will fulfil all promises we made under the leadership of narendramodi , he said.
;;0.0;;now, when narendramodi goes to foreign countries, thousands of people turn out to listen to him.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/whquximhxz  the indian express (@indianexpress) june 29, 2019the statue of unity was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in october 2018.
;;0.4767;;bjp national president amit shah, senior party leader l k advani and former gujarat chief minister keshubhai patel reached somnath on tuesday and held a meeting, ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the famous temple.
;;0.1531;;pm narendramodi greets kazakhstan president nursultan nazarbayev, in astana on thursday.
;;0.1531;;pti pm narendramodi greets kazakhstan president nursultan nazarbayev, in astana on thursday.
;;0.0;;us president donald trump tuesday said he would discuss the kashmir issue with prime minister narendramodi at the sidelines of the g7 summit this weekend in france.
;;0.561;;the narendramodi government is a rarity in this respect.
;;0.4404;;the senior bjp leader in her last tweet thanked prime minister narendramodi for the governments move on kashmir.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi remembered former external affairs minister sushma swaraj as a remarkable leader who devoted her life to public service and bettering lives of the poor.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi (source: pti photo/file) pm narendramodi (source: pti photo/file)dissatisfied over the projection of the partys stand on many issues, prime minister narendramodi has suggested new ways to groom spokespersons and propagandists for the bjp.
;;-0.2263;;pawar also took a dig at the bjp-led government for trying to seek sympathy for prime minister narendramodi by floating information of threat to his life from the naxals.
;;0.0;;may, accompanied by trade ministers liam fox and greg hands and around 40 business representatives mainly from small- and medium-sized technology and healthcare firms, will address a technology summit, have a working lunch with indian prime minister narendramodi and meet businesses.
;;0.8074;;as a signal of his gratitude towards party cadres who toiled hard during the election campaign, prime minister narendramodi is learnt to have issued an informal direction to party ministers to desist from unilateral political appointments under their jurisdiction.
;;0.4404;;(file photo)the cpi tuesday took exception to prime minister narendramodi dubbing the opponents of demonetisation as supporters of black money, saying it did not befit his office.
;;-0.2732;;bhupendra ranawith another one of their mlas getting booked on charges of misbehaving with a woman, the aam aadmi party (aap) on friday continued their tirade against prime minister narendramodi and claimed that the delhi police was under precise orders from the centre to target the ministers in the delhi government.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi will inaugurate the walkway and other water-based sports activities on the sabarmati riverfront on the independence day evening.
;;0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi has assured that dilution of the special provisions will not be permitted.
;;0.2023;;partha paulin a letter to prime minister narendramodi four months ago, the election commission sought urgent release of funds to procure enough voter verified paper audit trail (vvpat) machines to cover all polling stations ahead of the next lok sabha elections in 2019.
;;0.0;;the fact that asean leaders will be seen together with prime minister narendramodi presents an appropriate image for the present world.
;;0.3182;;radio station was a long pending demand of the people, that central government led by prime minister narendramodi has fulfilled, singh told people at the function.
;;0.2023;;he said that information and broadcasting and communication sectors have always remained the priority of narendramodi government and recently the sectors have received significant thrust.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi is set to inaugurate the 11-km reach 3 of the nagpur metro on september 7.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at a function in noida to lay the foundation stone for meerut expressway.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by prem nath pandey) prime minister narendramodi at a function in noida to lay the foundation stone for meerut expressway.
;;-0.3182;;zakia jafri,wife of 2002 post-godhra riots victim ehsan jafri,is likely to file a protest petition in a trial court here monday against the sits closure report giving clean chit to chief minister narendramodi and others in the gulbarg society massacre case in ahmedabad.
;;0.0;;cm to shift to his new office todaychief minister narendramodi will shift to his new office building called swarnim sankul-1 located next to the present office on the sachivalaya (state secretariat) campus monday in gandhinagar,according to a press release on sunday.
;;0.128;;narayanasamy stated that he had presented a detailed memorandum to prime minister narendramodi during his visit to puducherry on february 25 bringing to his notice the requirement of as much as rs 6262 crore to meet the fiscal commitments of puducherry.
;;0.3818;;the nda government, under prime minister narendramodi , has ended the ambiguity in approach to urban development since independence as planned and well-guided urbanisation was central to economic growth, he said.
;;0.0;;the cji too had taken up the question of judicial appointments with prime minister narendramodi when the two met for the meeting of the lokpal selection committee earlier this month.
;;0.0;;the cji too had taken up the question of judicial appointments with prime minister narendramodi when the two met for the meeting of the lokpal selection committee earlier this month.
;;0.5574;;read | indu malhotra to be first woman judge in supreme court directly from barthe cji too had taken up the question of judicial appointments with prime minister narendramodi when the two met for the meeting of the lokpal selection committee earlier this month.
;;0.1531;;(pti photo)a day after prime minister narendramodi said only by respecting the sovereignty of countries involved, can regional connectivity corridors fulfil their promise and avoid differences and discord, foreign secretary s jaishankar, in one of the sharpest comments by the government on the china pakistan economic corridor (cpec), said beijing had not been sensitive about indias sovereignty and did not consult new delhi on its $54-billion project with islamabad.
;;-0.5859;;union ministers venkaiah naidu, smriti irani and kalraj mishra (file photos) union ministers venkaiah naidu, smriti irani and kalraj mishra (file photos)rahul gandhi today came under attack from three union ministers over his fresh offensive against prime minister narendramodi with i&b minister m venkaiah naidu saying some people were speaking of achche din only with an intention to loot again.
;;0.3612;;watch: acche din will come only when congress comes to power in 2019, says rahul gandhisome people have become like fish out of water as prime minister narendramodi is not letting them eat (indulge in corruption).
;;0.2732;;amit chakravartya day after announcing that hardik patel, a vocal critic of prime minister narendramodi and leader of the patidar quota agitation in gujarat, will be the face of the party when it contests polls in gujarat, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray speaks to vishwas waghmode on plans to expand beyond maharashtra, ties with the bjp and the partys strategieswatch video | congress demands apology from pm modi over his remarks against dr manmohan singhthe sena has controlled the bmc for nearly two decades.
;;0.8481;;the congresss hopes of gaining from the absence of an active narendramodi and amit shah have also taken a decisive blow from the resounding up results.
;;0.0;;sumit malhotraa day after bricks etched with the name of bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi were used during the foundation laying of a community centre, mayor hc kalyan has sought explanation from the officials of the municipal corporation over the issue.
;;0.0;;joshi said that since narendramodi stood for development, for speedy completion of work, bricks with his name were used.
;;0.0;;she said the state is progressing towards prime minister narendramodi modis aim of doubling farmers income.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with iranian president hassan rouhan during their meeting in tehran, iran, monday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with iranian president hassan rouhan during their meeting in tehran, iran, monday.
;;0.8442;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi modis recent visit to iran and the subsequent signing of the strategic chabahar port deal are huge strides towards what should be a beautiful friendship between the islamic republic and india.
;;-0.2732;;(file photo)charging prime minister narendramodi with poisoning the political atmosphere, senior congress leader jairam ramesh has said it is unrealistic for the bjp-led nda government to expect his party to cooperate and facilitate passage of the gst bill in the monsoon session of parliament.
;;0.1531;;in an apparent reference to prime minister narendramodi modis 56-inch-chest remark made during 2014 election campaign, hardik said, i want to say that i dont want height, weight or a 56-inch chest.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday announced that all villages in india have been connected with power.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday announced that all villages in india have been connected with power.
;;0.0;;the statement by the ministry came a day after prime minister narendramodi announced that all villages in india have been connected with power.
;;0.4767;;(source: express archives photo)the union urban development ministry on thursday named chandigarh among 98 cities selected for prime minister narendramodi modis flagship smart city mission.
;;0.3612;;a french business delegation of 14 companies met chief minister narendramodi and other state government officials in gandhinagar on tuesday to explore possibility for investments and business tie-ups in the areas like upcoming dholera sir (special investment region) and the mega (metro link express for gandhinagar and ahmedabad) project.
;;-0.9246;;this tough message is of a piece with prime minister narendramodi modis decision to launch air strikes on pakistans territory last february, for the first time since the 1971 war, following the terror attack in pulwama.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , during his speech in tirupathi, also spoke on the same issue he said.
;;0.0;;00 pm: prime minister narendramodi attending lok sabha proceedings.
;;0.6249;;chief minister narendramodi had hailed her bravery on twitter.
;;0.0;;ila pathak,founding secretary of ahmedabad women action group (awag),an ngo working for womens rights,has written to women wing of federation of indian chamber of commerce and industries,stating that gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis address to them in new delhi on april 8 was half-truth.
;;0.4404;;debashis chatterjee said friday he would personally write to gujarat cm narendramodi to press for good salary for teachers.
;;-0.4404;;a day after accusing prime minister narendramodi of giving scripted interviews, the congress chief on tuesday, in a pun on the make in india initiative, said while the government was making empty slogans and useless acronyms, soldiers were being made to buy their own clothes and shoes.
;;-0.128;;b'prime minister narendramodi said that the centre and the state governments will work together to ensure that five crore houses are built by 2022 for the poor.
;;-0.128;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi said that the centre and the state governments will work together to ensure that five crore houses are built by 2022 for the poor.
;;-0.4767;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on sunday said five crore houses will be built for the poor by 2022 as he laid the foundation stone of pradhan mantri awas yojana here.
;;0.5574;;jobs in gujaratas part of an ambitious plan to prepare a recruitment calender for all state government jobs for the next ten years, gujarat chief minister narendramodi launched a smartphone application today called jobs in gog, which stands for government of gujarat.
;;0.6705;;in a first of its kind symbolic effort by india at the un, prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate a 50kw gandhi solar park next week during his visit to the world organisation, a gesture that highlights indias willingness to go beyond the talk on climate change.
;;0.3724;;she even tagged prime minister narendramodi and said, neither i do anything wrong nor i tolerate.
;;0.6705;;goel highlighted the personal interest shown by prime minister narendramodi in promoting and developing sports.
;;-0.3919;;md chingiz khan, delhichinese strategythis refers to the report, india, china standoff over but bhutans talks run into a wall ( ie, august 30), there is reason to believe that the withdrawal of troops from doklam was a strategic move by china to avoid the possibility of prime minister narendramodi staying away from brics summit.
;;0.8442;;expressing grief over the demise of a political giant, towering intellectual and legal luminary, prime minister narendramodi , who is in uae, tweeted, with the demise of arun jaitley ji, i have lost a valued friend, whom i have had the honour of knowing for decades.
;;0.0;;while in delhi, apart from meeting prime minister narendramodi and bjp leader l k advani, banerjee held closed-door talks with congress leaders ghulam nabi azad and ahmed patel.
;;0.0;;it is january 12, 2017, 66 days since prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;-0.4767;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday held a meeting with senior ministers in the capital, hours after the supreme court announced the order restoring criminal conspiracy charges against senior bjp leaders lk advani, mm joshi and uma bharti in the babri masjid demolition case.
;;0.4215;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo/file) prime minister narendramodi (express photo/file)prime minister narendramodi extended his greetings to all kashmiri pandits and the sindhi community on the occasion of navreh and cheti chand on monday.
;;0.6597;;interestingly, jagan mohan reddy who met prime minister narendramodi at his official residence yesterday, said the ysr congress will offer support to any candidate the bjp fields for the upcoming presidential election.
;;0.8555;;prime minister narendramodi will launch the fit india movement, a nation-wide fitness programme to motivate citizens to take up at least one fitness activity on august 29 and rijiju said fitness is key to the overall development of a country.
;;0.6369;;goyal, like several leaders of the bharatiya janata party (bjp), including prime minister narendramodi , was observing a day-long fast against the washout of both legs of the budget session.
;;0.4588;;watch video | panneerselvam plans to convert jayalalithaas poes garden residence into amma memorialpinning blamehis predecessor chaudhary birender singh had written to prime minister narendramodi pointing out how several mps had said that unless dedicated funds were allocated to modis pet sansad adarsh gram yojana (model village), the scheme will be a damp squib.
;;-0.296;;the apex students body in nagaland has appealed to prime minister narendramodi to stop the works on the border fencing between india and myanmar in noklak sub-division of tuensang district.
;;0.34;;yet prime minister narendramodi has signalled a keenness to craft a new moment in the centres relationship with j&k, as indicated by his symbolic diwali visit to the valley.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at vigyan bhawan.
;;0.0;;express photo by renuka puri prime minister narendramodi at vigyan bhawan.
;;0.0;;express photo by renuka purias the narendramodi government completes three years of its tryst with electoral destiny on may 16, it could not have wished for a more portentous international conference in far, but yet nearby, beijing.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping before delegation level talks, in new delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping before delegation level talks, in new delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina on her arrival in new delhi.
;;0.0;;express photo by prem nath pandey prime minister narendramodi with his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina on her arrival in new delhi.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi approved the national health policy on wednesday.
;;0.4404;;b'political veteran and former bjp hardman l k advanis remarks comparing gujarat chief minister narendramodi with his madhya pradesh counterpart shivraj singh chouhan sparked a huge controversy,but days after the war of words,president rajnath singh is still trying to clarify that the saffron party stands united.
;;-0.5267;;(illustration: cr sasikumar)on independence day, prime minister narendramodi declared that his government would speak up against human rights violations by the pakistan government in balochistan.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi took to the micro-blogging site, twitter, to congratulate sakshis incredible performance.
;;0.796;;co/5ae24biryt  narendramodi (@narendramodi) 18 august 2016on this very auspicious day of raksha bandhan, sakshi malik, a daughter of india, wins a bronze & makes all of us very proud.
;;-0.296;;reacting to zakarias statement that prime minister narendramodi crossed the red line, the ministry of external affairs on thursday said it finds it an extraordinary remark by a country which recognises no red line in its diplomacy.
;;-0.743;;pm narendramodi not the first to talk about balochistan, upa did it too: congresscongress and upa government have condemned the human rights violations in balochistan as also in pok by pakistani forces and establishment on multiple occasions in the past, partys chief spokesman randeep surjewala said, noting that the first time the upa did so was on december 27, 2005.
;;-0.1779;;pm narendramodi should talk about kashmir which is burning, says omar abdullaheven the cpi(m) wasnt on the same page as the prime minister on balochistan when party general secretary sitaram yechury lashed out at him for referring to human rights violations in balochistan and gilgit during his independence day speech.
;;0.296;;making a pitch for prime minister narendramodi , kovind said, this region is the only one to have sent out five bharat ratna awardees and it has also elected a prime minister.
;;-0.5994;;taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi , singh said the unemployment level has remained the same, farmers are in distress and internal security is in shambles.
;;-0.7906;;expressprime minister narendramodi on monday said that nobody has the right to waste a drop of narmada water being pumped to reservoirs in saurashtra as part of the saurashtra narmada avtaran irrigation (sauni) yojna as the project was being funded by taxes collected from the poor.
;;0.802;;(source: pti/file)prime minister narendramodi will celebrate his 66th birthday in his home state gujarat, seeking blessings of his mother and spending time with tribals and divyangs (differently abled persons).
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.0;;(file) prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping.
;;-0.4707;;he recalled that during the meeting between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping in xiamen in september last year, the two leaders agreed that sound development of relations between india and china are a factor of stability amidst todays global uncertainties, and that the two countries should not allow their differences to become disputes.
;;-0.3425;;b'at the same hall in goas marriott hotel,then bjp stalwart a b vajpayee had deferred to the suggestion of his long-time comrade lk advani and not precipitated the resignation of gujarat chief minister narendramodi after the post-godhra riots of 2002.
;;0.0;;on ncp chief sharad pawars claim that karnataka was asked to discharge water from almatti dam only after he spoke to prime minister narendramodi , resulting in water levels going down in flooded western maharashtra, mahajan said: chief minister devendra fadnavis has been in constant touch with his counterpart in karnataka, b s yediyurappa, to discuss water discharge from almatti dam.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin laid the foundation of units 3 and 4 of the kudankulam nuclear plant through video-conferencing.
;;-0.2263;;chief minister narendramodi has joined other bjp leaders in demanding recall of karnataka governor h r bhardwaj for allegedly destabilising the b s yeddyurappa government.
;;0.0;;b'aligarh muslim university aligarh muslim universityindian-american muslims have appealed to president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi to maintain the minority character of aligarh muslim university and jamia milia islamia, saying the move to question the status of the institutions is discriminatory.
;;-0.2411;;though gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis name was not taken,enough hints were given that his candidature wont be acceptable to the janata dal (u).
;;-0.3291;;but when we want to stay together,there are some fundamental issues, kumar said,making no bones about his reservations on gujarat chief minister narendramodi without mentioning his name.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@mea)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday met president barack obama for an hour-long meeting inside the oval office.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/r1hdonnbny  vikas swarup (@meaindia) june 7, 2016# pm narendramodi meets commerce secretaryseeking new horizons for india us commercial ties.
;;0.2023;;twitter.com/josve0up14  vikas swarup (@meaindia) june 7, 2016# pm narendramodi attends roundtable with top ceosthe men and women behind india-us business.
;;0.3818;;twitter.com/oceyyc0bk1  vikas swarup (@meaindia) june 7, 2016# pm narendramodi meets top industry leaderstalking business, talking india-usa economic tiespm @narendramodi meets top industry leaders in washington dc.
;;0.1027;;twitter.com/azcxhn4cqt  pmo india (@pmoindia) june 7, 2016#us secretary of defence ashton carter meets pm narendramodi at blair house, washington, d.c. #modiinus (pic: mea) pic.
;;0.6908;;twitter.com/mchc9rseul  vikas swarup (@meaindia) june 7, 2016# an important india us joint statement is being released following the meeting with pm narendramodi and us president barack obama: vikas swarup, mea india# some agreements were finalised; one is the technical arrangement to sharing white shipping information: foreign secy# last year when pres.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/z6ctp4d4rq  vikas swarup (@meaindia) june 7, 2016##washington dc: pm narendramodi arrives at the white house to meet president obama #modiinusa pic.
;;-0.7256;;b'pm modi will observe a day-long fast thursday, along with all party mps, in protest against disruptions during the last parliament session (file photo) pm modi will observe a day-long fast thursday, along with all party mps, in protest against disruptions during the last parliament session (file photo)instructions have been issued by bjp delhi mps to its workers ahead of the day-long fast led by prime minister narendramodi against parliament disruption on thursday: dont be seen eating, dont click selfies, clear food vendors from the area and dont fast if youre diabetic.
;;-0.4464;;congress and the jd(s) are natural alliesit was wrong on part of prime minister narendramodi and shah to claim victory they neither had the numbers nor the popular vote, senior congress leader anand sharma said.
;;0.0;;(read more)pm narendramodi likely to visit israel this year, first indian pm to visit jewish nationprime minister narendramodi modi.
;;0.0;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi is expected to visit israel by the middle of this year, a first by any indian prime minister to the jewish nation.
;;0.3954;;former chief justice of delhi high court a p shah said prime minister narendramodi makes bold statements on many public platform about being forward-looking and embracing technology, but the government and psus do not want these.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi modis unequivocal message to the nation that indias fight is for kashmir, not against kashmir, not against kashmiris has come none too soon.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to receive hollande at the airport.
;;0.0;;j&k governor n n vohra met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on may 5.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi with palestinian president mahmoud abbas as they walk for their meeting at the hyderabad house in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) new delhi: prime minister narendramodi with palestinian president mahmoud abbas as they walk for their meeting at the hyderabad house in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.8934;;(pti photo)extending an unwavering support to the palestinian cause, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday affirmed that india hopes to see a sovereign, independent, united and viable palestine which will co-exist peacefully with israel.
;;-0.8316;;vanzara,now lodged at the sabarmati jail in ahmedabad in connection with the sohrabuddin sheikh fake encounter case,had at that time claimed sadiq was a lashkar-e-toiba operative and had planned to kill chief minister narendramodi and vhp leader pravin togadia.
;;0.296;;prime minister narendramodi spoke of the outgoing vps work as a career diplomat in west asia, his familys association with the congress and with the khilafat movement, his time spent in the minority commission and aligarh muslim university  as if he were putting a label on ansaris thoughts.
;;0.296;;bprime minister narendramodi shares snacks with indian workers at the l&t residential complex in riyadh on saturday.
;;0.25;;(source: pti)even as prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that he took up the cases of indians, who were serving sentences for minor offences in saudi arabia with king salman bin abdulaziz al saud, the two sides signed a first-of-its-kind agreement with saudi arabia for the welfare of the indian blue-collared workers.
;;0.3818;;i have spoken to prime minister narendramodi and conveyed to him that he should speak to (shiv sena president) uddhav thackeray and resolve the issues the sena is having with the bjp, he said.
;;0.8481;;noting that us companies recognise that india is a promising market, with a rising middle class, talented workforce and growing appetite for american products and services, he said these companies are encouraged by the economic reforms that prime minister narendramodi has passed over the past two years.
;;-0.6249;;advertisingthis comes days after the aggrieved clubs wrote to prime minister narendramodi , briefing him about the crisis facing indian football.
;;0.6908;;(file photo)uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath on saturday heaped praise on prime minister narendramodi , saying he has put a full stop to the vip culture in the country.
;;-0.7269;;bhatt has been in the line of fire after he first deposed before the sit and later filed an affidavit in the sc,saying he was a witness to chief minister narendramodi asking his officers in a meeting after the godhra train carnage to let hindus vent their anger on muslims.
;;-0.7783;;mayawati said prime minister narendramodi had not fulfilled the promises made before 2014, and warned her workers that they would have to make the masses see through the promises that will be made again.
;;0.1027;;on the occasion of indias 73rd independence day thursday, three women indian air force officers will assist prime minister narendramodi during the ceremony, as per a statement by the ministry of defence.
;;0.34;;the delhi police is using cameras equipped with facial recognition software for the first time to secure the red fort, where prime minister narendramodi will hoist the national flag on the 73rd independence day, officials told pti on wednesday.
;;0.0;;mayawati told the reporters here when asked about bjp projecting gujarat chief minister narendramodi as its prime ministerial candidate for the next general elections.
;;-0.743;;ahead of tomorrows parliament budget session, prime minister narendramodi on sunday convened an all-party meeting in the national capital in which the opposition pressed for a debate on several issues including farm distress, unemployment and drought.
;;0.3182;;(source: ie archive)even as prime minister narendramodi has made the pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana (pmjdy) a flagship programme of his government, bjp-ruled states seem to be lagging behind in linking these accounts with aadhaar  the first step towards enabling direct benefit transfers.
;;0.3612;;(source: file photo)in the wake of the massive opposition being raised to prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the combined commanders conference in dehradun stating it is an attempt by the bharatiya janata party (bjp) to take political advantage, the election commission on friday said the visit would not be a public meeting, adding that no media briefing or announcement shall be made.
;;-0.5859;;expressa month after pehlu khan succumbed to injuries sustained in an assault, allegedly by gau rakshaks, the meo panchayat of alwar on wednesday decided to appeal to prime minister narendramodi to declare cow as the national animal.
;;-0.5267;;a bjp mla has written to chief minister narendramodi to provide financial assistance of rs 2 lakh each to the 16 families of mahavir swami apartment,which was demolished after it developed cracks,posing a danger to the nearby residents.
;;-0.4767;;b'harbhajan singh, part of the mumbai indians squad, sent a tweet addressed to pm narendramodi on monday highlighting the poor image the country is portraying at the moment.
;;-0.4767;;(source: ipl) harbhajan singh, part of the mumbai indians squad, sent a tweet addressed to pm narendramodi on monday highlighting the poor image the country is portraying at the moment.
;;0.5423;;the offie received numerous responses to his original tweet, addressed to pm narendramodi , with some suggesting the mumbai indians bowler was creating a political angle.
;;0.4404;;he lauded prime minister narendramodi for supporting uttar pradeshs development.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (source: file photo) prime minister narendramodi (source: file photo)you are set to reshuffle the union cabinet.
;;0.0516;;also read: pm narendramodi modis exclusive interview with the indian expressthere is a criticism that india is witnessing jobless growth.
;;0.34;;supporting the demand to convert the bungalow into a museum, chavan had earlier issued a formal request to prime minister narendramodi in this regard.
;;0.2732;;(source: ap photo/file)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday greeted people on the occasion of eid-ul-adha.
;;0.3612;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi underlined the importance of yoga, healthcare, cleanliness and sanitation as he inaugurated yoga guru baba ramdevs patanjali research institute at patanjali yogpeeth in haridwar on wednesday.
;;0.0;;uttarakhand: prime minister narendramodi arrives in haridwar, will inaugurate patanjali research institute at patanjali yogpeeth pic.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi offers prayers at kedarnath temple in uttarakhand pic.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/liaa4qyxfy  ani (@ani_news) may 3, 2017prime minister narendramodi arrives at kedarnath temple in uttarakhand pic.
;;0.5574;;having probed 4,145 complaints,the panel is now recording the statement of ips officer sanjeev bhatt,who in a recent affidavit in the supreme court claimed that chief minister narendramodi had asked the police brass to go slow on the rioters in 2002.
;;-0.5106;;* june 2004: terms of reference of the commission were amended and the commission was enabled to probe the role of chief minister narendramodi and other ministers and bureaucrats in connection with the godhra train burning incident and the subsequent communal riots in gujarat.
;;0.2153;;the commission called the incident a pre-planned conspiracy and not an accident and gave a clean chit to narendramodi and the state government.
;;0.1027;;india and russia signed a usd 5 billion s-400 air defence system deal in october last year after wide-ranging talks between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;-0.3612;;b'in an address to mark 75 years of cancer treatment by tata memorial hospital, prime minister narendramodi invited start-ups to focus on research for innovative medical devices and use technology to make healthcare more affordable.
;;-0.7506;;congress vice president rahul gandhi on wednesday hit out at prime minister narendramodi for his raincoat jibe at former prime minister manmohan singh saying the event was saddening and shameful.
;;-0.7506;;(representational image) congress vice president rahul gandhi on wednesday hit out at prime minister narendramodi for his raincoat jibe at former prime minister manmohan singh saying the event was saddening and shameful.
;;-0.7506;;(representational image)congress vice president rahul gandhi on wednesday hit out at prime minister narendramodi for his raincoat jibe at former prime minister manmohan singh saying the event was saddening and shameful.
;;0.0;;(file photo)opposition leaders saturday condemned haryana minister anil vijs statement on prime minister narendramodi being a better brand name than father of the nation mahatma gandhi.
;;0.0;;the greenfield project hit several hurdles and saw laying of its foundation by prime minster narendramodi on november 5 2015.
;;0.0;;(file photo) the greenfield project hit several hurdles and saw laying of its foundation by prime minster narendramodi on november 5 2015.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will dedicate to the nation the 135-km, the nearly rs 11,000 crore access-controlled six-lane expressway.
;;-0.128;;the greenfield project, which hit several hurdles and saw laying of its foundation by prime minster narendramodi on november 5 2015, will divert around 2 lakh vehicles passing through the national capital daily to this bypass, cutting out pollution.
;;0.0;;45 am, prime minister narendramodi arrived.
;;0.4019;;there is overwhelming support, throughout the country, for prime minister narendramodi and his people-centric policies.
;;0.0;;the bjp has managed to do so under the leadership of narendramodi , guided by amit shahs astute political strategising.
;;0.5267;;in maharashtra, the combination of narendramodi and devendra proved to be the winning one.
;;0.6365;;the series of electoral successes post-demonetisation clearly bears out that narendramodi not only continues to be the most popular indian leader, but also the most credible political personality.
;;-0.5423;;chatterjee, who also held several portfolios in the banerjee government as a minister, lauded prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah for their bold leadership and said there should be no place for negative politics, an apparent attack on tmc supremo.
;;0.5156;;in his independence day speech, prime minister narendramodi gestured to a more compassionate policy on kashmir when he said that the war against separatism would be won neither by abuse nor bullets but by embracing all kashmiris.
;;0.6597;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi has been able to leverage indias economic advantages to improve international relations and vice versa.
;;0.0;;this came a day after vaghela, who is now the leader of opposition in gujarat assembly, called prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah encounter specialists.
;;0.1531;;7 million euro for anil ambanis french-based company reliance atlantic flag france barely six months after prime minister narendramodi announced the deal for 36 rafale fighter jets in paris.
;;-0.8316;;(source: ap)pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif on saturday said he hopes all saarc members would attend the regional summit, amid reports that prime minister narendramodi may not attend it after the terror attack in uri which india says was carried out by pakistani terrorists.
;;0.0;;(pti/file)former tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam met prime minister narendramodi on friday to discuss state-specific issues, including pending central funds.
;;0.8689;;he made a mark as a bright lawyer, scholar, writer and intellectual who always spoke his mind, prime minister narendramodi had said in praise of ambedkar.
;;0.0;;the informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping that begins today in the chinese city of wuhan in hubei province is also being advertised as a key moment in the relationship.
;;0.0;;the presentation also included prime minister narendramodi modis messages on the use of social media to build future india.
;;0.5423;;on the day the supreme court slammed the uttarakhand government for misleading it on the construction of a section of the haridwar-ramnagar kandi road through the rajaji tiger reserve, the states forest minister handed over a letter to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention to clear the road that also passes through the corbett reserve.
;;-0.4588;;(file/pti)with the party losing its government in arunachal pradesh, congress friday dubbed the new dispensation as an illegitimate child of bjp and blamed prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah for the diabolical design to decimate democracy.
;;0.2263;;(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)singh also described his successor prime minister narendramodi modis claim of doubling farmers income in six years as merely jumla-type statement, which is not likely to be achieved.
;;0.0;;chinese president xi jinping will attend the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit this week at bishkek where he would also meet prime minister narendramodi , the first meeting between the two leaders after the bjps massive victory in the general elections.
;;0.1027;;b'parrikar did not disclose whether pm narendramodi had offered him the defence portfolio during their meeting on wednesday.
;;0.1027;;however, he did not disclose whether prime minister narendramodi had offered him the defence portfolio during their meeting on wednesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at vigyan bhawan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at vigyan bhawan.
;;0.8442;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday reiterated his unwavering support towards the freedom of the media and press, saying its independence is vital in a democracy.
;;0.0;;b'president pranab mukherjee with prime minister narendramodi during rashtrapati bhavan museum inaguration by modi.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) president pranab mukherjee with prime minister narendramodi during rashtrapati bhavan museum inaguration by modi.
;;-0.6486;;watch video: idea exchange with harish rawatprime minister narendramodi , too, tweeted: i am grieved by the loss of lives caused due to cloudburst & heavy rain in parts of uttarakhand.
;;0.0;;in his speech, made in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and other chief ministers  the indian express has seen a copy of it  baghel said: there should be a relook at the surrender and rehabilitation policy for maoists.
;;0.1906;;echoing similar sentiment, earlier today, prime minister narendramodi hailed the sacrifices of indias soldiers, saying that the nation will never forget the fearlessness with which the soldiers gave a befitting and unforgettable reply to the intruders.
;;-0.8555;;(express photo by: gajendra yadav)nearly 30 months after muzaffarnagar saw some of the worst communal riots in uttar pradesh, the bjp has begun invoking the embers that spread from the violence of 2013 and made narendramodi the prime minister to woo voters in the campaign for the assembly by-poll here on february 13.
;;0.25;;the embers that you created made narendramodi the prime minister).
;;0.0;;the message from here had gone to the entire state and country, as a consequence of which narendramodi is the prime minister.
;;0.5267;;akhilesh is aware that lalu is a good entertainer and mimic of narendramodi , who can deride the pm in language that would be inappropriate for a chief minister.
;;0.6597;;b'laying the foundation stone for a new party office in the capital on thursday, prime minister narendramodi spoke of the bjp as a party swimming against the current.
;;0.0;;he expressed displeasure over the sp-congress alliances description of prime minister narendramodi as an outsider in uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;the books include those by prime minister narendramodi , bjp general secretary ram madhav, mp tarun vijay, rakesh sinha, suresh soni, v d savarkar, dinanath batra etc.
;;0.7964;;however, his supporters take comfort in the appointment of narendramodi , from a backward caste, as prime minister, saying it shows the changing culture of the bjp which was earlier seen as an upper caste party.
;;-0.5267;;bruce riedel, who worked in the national security council of the white house and was among the few present at the bill clinton-nawaz sharif meeting in 1999 during kargil war, said the attack is designed to prevent any detente between india and pakistan after prime minister narendramodi modis surprise christmas day visit to pakistan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with part president amit shah at bjps national executive meet in bhubaneswar on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with part president amit shah at bjps national executive meet in bhubaneswar on saturday.
;;0.0;;new delhi: president pranab mukherjee signs the visitors book at hyderabad house on the occasion of the farewell hosted for him by prime minister narendramodi as president-elect ram nath kovind and vice president hamid ansari looks on.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) new delhi: president pranab mukherjee signs the visitors book at hyderabad house on the occasion of the farewell hosted for him by prime minister narendramodi as president-elect ram nath kovind and vice president hamid ansari looks on.
;;0.0;;the massive turnout for prime minister narendramodi modis rally in baramati gave enough indications of ajit pawars meeting his water-loo.
;;-0.8074;;(express archive)on the eve of prime minister narendramodi modis maiden visit to iran, shia cleric maulana kalbe jawad has asked him to resolve the conspiracy behind new delhis claim that iranian citizens were involved in a terror attack in the heart of the capital four years ago.
;;-0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi , union home minister amit shah, defence minister rajnath singh, health minister dr harsh vardhan and lok sabha speaker om birla visited aiims the night jaitley was admitted to the hospital.
;;0.34;;he played an instrumental role in the implementation of two big financial exercises under narendramodi government- demonetisation and gst.
;;-0.7964;;the gujarat high court on tuesday rejected petitions seeking contempt of court proceedings against chief minister narendramodi for making public his letter to the prime minister seeking recall of governor on the issue of appointment of lokayukta.
;;-0.5994;;he said hundreds of complaints were sent to chief minister narendramodi and his ministers in connection with the unauthorised constructions,but they paid no attention to it while constructions went on for months together.
;;0.4939;;she had praised prime minister narendramodi for the allowance.
;;-0.4404;;he also accused prime minister narendramodi and andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu of disrespecting democracy, saying both the leaders failed to keep their promises to the people of andhra pradesh.
;;-0.4404;;advertisingthe indian express had first reported that lavasa had, on five occasions, opposed clean chits given to prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah on charges of violating the mcc during their campaign for the lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with his swedish counterpart stefan lofven in stockholm on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(souirce: pmo india) prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with his swedish counterpart stefan lofven in stockholm on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(souirce: pmo india)prime minister narendramodi , who is on a five-day foreign tour, held bilateral talks with his swedish counterpart stefan lovfen on tuesday.
;;0.5994;;at the end of the campaign for lok sabha elections, both prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah claimed that the party will return to power with a majority, and while all pre-election allies would be part of the government, the doors will be open for anyone who wants to join the agenda of the bjp afterward.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi will be in assam today.
;;0.0;;(file) prime minister narendramodi will be in assam today.
;;0.4019;;(file)as the bharatiya janata party (bjp)-led nda government completes three years in power, prime minister narendramodi will be in assam on friday to inaugurate a slew of projects aimed at the development of the north east region.
;;0.0;;senior state congress leader and former leader of opposition in the assembly shaktisinh gohil rubbished the allegations hurled at the congress-led central government on narmada project by chief minister narendramodi while calling him a feku (bluff master).
;;0.9366;;read | we asked for statehood too but understood its not possible, says sheila dikshitsignificantly, the opposition chief ministers came out in support of kejriwal ahead of a meeting of the niti aayog governing council to be chaired by prime minister narendramodi and attended by all the cms.expressing solidarity with the government of delhi elected by people, naidu tweeted the trend of using the governors office for political benefits of the ruling party at the centre, goes against the spirit of the constitution.
;;-0.5574;;alleging that taking out illegal armed processions every now and then had become a fashion among bjp leaders, bsp chief mayawati said in a statement, the bjp government, led by prime minister narendramodi , is adopting double standards while dealing with bihar and west bengal governments, as the former is led by their own coalition and the latter by trinamool congresss mamata banerjee.
;;0.4215;;express photocome december 19, the bjp will offer prime minister narendramodi a lucky chair to sit on the stage during his rally in kanpur.
;;0.2716;;b'top sources in the government told the indian express that this was indias most important message during the bilateral conversation when prime minister narendramodi met nepal pm prachanda.
;;0.4391;;top sources in the government told the indian express that this was indias most important message during the bilateral conversation when prime minister narendramodi met nepal pm prachanda.
;;0.4391;;top sources in the government told the indian express that this was indias most important message during the bilateral conversation when prime minister narendramodi met prachanda.
;;-0.2023;;twitter.com/bht51upsmx  ani (@ani) may 1, 2018it is reported that the tripura chief minister has already been summoned by prime minister narendramodi over his controversial statements.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi spoke to tripathi on saturday asked about the ground situation.
;;0.0;;modi meets russian president vladimir putin during their informal meet in sochi (source- twitter/raveesh kumar) modi meets russian president vladimir putin during their informal meet in sochi (source- twitter/raveesh kumar)following the lines of his informal meeting with chinese president xi jinping in wuhan last month, prime minister narendramodi on monday met russian president vladimir putin in sochi for their first informal summit.
;;-0.128;;an old picture of prime minister narendramodi taking part in what appears to be a sit-in protest demanding the scrapping of article 370 is going viral on twitter after it was shared by bjp national general secretary ram madhav on monday.
;;0.3818;;during her visit, which comes after a gap of seven years, hasina will hold wide-ranging talks with her indian counterpart narendramodi tomorrow during which india is also set to announce a line of credit of usd 500 million to bangladesh for military supplies.
;;0.3612;;just before prime minister narendramodi speaks at the session on climate change and biodiversity at the g-7 summit on monday, french president emmanuel macron is keen for a tte--tte with modi.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi arrived in qingdao in china on saturday.
;;0.0;;(photo: facebook/@narendramodi) prime minister narendramodi arrived in qingdao in china on saturday.
;;0.5106;;read | narendramodi in china: pm signs two mous with xi, says meeting will add vigour to bilateral tiesmodi is accompanied by national security advisor (nsa) ajit doval.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe cabinet committee for economic affairs (cce) led by prime minister narendramodi has taken two major decisions on the sugar sector.
;;0.4767;;b'as many as 700 state transport buses and 200 private buses will ferry people to a mega ceremony and witness prime minister narendramodi inaugurate the ambitious saurasthra narmada avtaran irrigation (sauni) yojna at sanosara village in jamnagar district tuesday.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)india has more pro-poor political leaders than any other country.
;;-0.4767;;the central government led by prime minister narendramodi is following the path laid down by mahatma gandhi and working towards the development of poor and rural people, he said.
;;-0.8225;;b'prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday announced an ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh for the kin of each of the 24 killed in the bus accident in uttarkashi, uttarakhand, news agency ani reported.
;;0.8519;;i hope many more indian will be inspired by his achievement and i congratulate him and his coach on behalf of prime minister narendramodi and 125 crore indians.
;;0.5106;;expressing gratitude to the bank for being selected as host for the annual meet, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said, we have also requested prime minister narendramodi to inaugurate the meeting.
;;-0.25;;prime minister narendramodi modis stand on triple talaq alone is not sufficient.
;;0.0;;speaking to reporters at new delhi, gadkari said he would also urge prime minister narendramodi , ministers, mps and mlas and people to donate their one-month salary to the cgf, formed to receive voluntary contributions from individuals and organisations.
;;-0.5106;;the journal noted that the prime minister narendramodi has consistently offered closer economic and diplomatic ties to pakistan as long as it stops supporting terrorism.
;;0.25;;a visit of union minister of mines & minerals and senior gujarat congress leader,dinsha patel,to gujarat chief minister narendramodi created a flutter in the state political circles on tuesday.
;;0.8271;;days after he referred to the indian army as modiji ki sena during an election meeting in ghaziabads bisara village, chief minister yogi adityanath said in meerut wednesday said some non-resident indian (nris) told him recently that they feel elated when they travel to other nations and immigration officials, while going through their passports there joyfully confirm from them, oh, you are from prime ministers narendramodi modis india.
;;0.0;;he also claimed that the prime minister narendramodi had now become a brand all over the world to the extent that whenever our pm goes to attend international conferences in the presence of presidents of other countries, the organisers request him (modi) to inaugurate the summit.
;;-0.2263;;vaghela expressed apprehensions that chief minister narendramodi would advance the assembly elections and not wait for december 2012.
;;0.0;;with assembly elections round the corner,chief minister narendramodi on monday announced major sops for the fishing community that makes for a major electoral group on the 1600-km-long coastline from navsari to kutch covering 13 districts.
;;-0.6124;;the congress has been attacking the bjp government on the defence deal, accusing prime minister narendramodi of causing loss to the state exchequer by buying the fighter jets at inflated rate.
;;0.3818;;b'prime minister narendramodi on tuesday pitched for an asia-africa growth corridor to be developed along with japan and the us in a bid to counter the increasing chinese presence on the african continent.
;;0.6486;;watch what else is making newsasking prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley not to mislead the public and address the real issues instead, the senior congress leader said the government propagandists should refrain from premature celebrations and misplaced euphoria.
;;0.0;;there were many road rollers and other machines which were working day and night to prepare the roads before the arrival of prime minister narendramodi to the city.
;;0.34;;a sub-inspector, attached with the navsari police and deployed at kevadia colony in narmada district, as part of security for prime minister narendramodi modis visit to participate in namami devi narmade mahotsav, allegedly shot himself on tuesday.
;;-0.1779;;donald trump is speaking the entire worlds mann ki baat against islamic terror and we support it, he said, referring to prime minister narendramodi modis radio show mann ki baat.
;;-0.4588;;) v.k. singh of victimising him and trying to stop his promotion, the congress party on thursday asked prime minister narendramodi to take cognizance of the issue and constitute an inquiry against the minister of state for external affairs.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi needs to take note of the issue and immediately proceed to constitute an inquiry and take action against general (retd.
;;0.4588;;as the state government organised a grand closing ceremony for the year-long swarnim gujarat celebrations here on sunday,the state congress came down heavily on chief minister narendramodi saying he was trying to get visual publicity.
;;-0.886;;protesting against an incident that took place in mulshi taluka, where a dalit labourer was allegedly forced to eat human excreta, social activist dr baba adhav on friday said he wanted to ask prime minister narendramodi if this was not a case of hindu terrorism.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;-0.9201;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday called up his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif and offered his deep condolences to the victims of the terror attack in lahore, which has left at least 69 dead so far, mostly women and children.
;;0.4767;;anil mukim,one of chief minister narendramodi modis trusted bureaucrats,was appointed principal secretary of revenue department tuesday,two months after being repatriated from the central deputation during which he worked as a joint secretary in the ministry of commerce and industry.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi also made a push in surat last month on use of generic drug names.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with indonesian president joko widodo during their meeting in jakarta, indonesia, on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@meaindia) prime minister narendramodi with indonesian president joko widodo during their meeting in jakarta, indonesia, on wednesday.
;;-0.9313;;(source: twitter/@meaindia)prime minister narendramodi today strongly condemned the recent terror strikes on three churches in indonesia and said india stands resolutely with jakarta in its fight against terrorism.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi modis trip to sri lanka as the chief guest of the un vesak day celebrations was as near as it gets to the perfect neighbourly visit.
;;0.2732;;two days after he said the party was preparing to contest all lok sabha seats in 2014 polls,bihar bjp state president c p thakur on friday seemed to mount further pressure on senior alliance partner jd-u by saying that bjp would invite gujarat chief minister narendramodi to address the partys rally early next year.
;;0.0;;asked about the bihar chief ministers reservations about narendramodi modis presence in bihar,thakur said the latter was a bjp leader and nobody should have any problem with him visiting the state to take part in party function.
;;0.3818;;under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah, our commitment to scrap article 370 will be realised.
;;0.296;;(representational image)samajwadi party leader azam khan on monday lashed out at prime minister narendramodi , saying muslims are being troubled in the country and he should be ready for the consequences if the community approached the un.
;;0.0258;;last week, six i-league sides wrote to prime minister narendramodi and fifa president gianni infantino, seeking their help in the clubs fight for survival.
;;0.4588;;chief minister narendramodi slammed the union government tuesday for its proposed free trade agreement with the european union (eu) and said it would destroy the countrys domestic dairy sector.
;;-0.7269;;(source: pti)responding to allegations levelled by the main opposition congress on its probe in the agustawestland helicopter deal, the government friday denied that prime minister narendramodi had cut any deal with italy on this issue and described such charges as an attempt to divert attention from the central issue of corruption.
;;-0.7579;;addressing a rally of around 80,000 people at dehradun in uttarakhand on sunday,bjp pm candidate narendramodi expressed his anguish over the manner in which the central government handled the natural crisis.
;;0.0;;kodnani was minister of state for women and child development for some period when narendramodi was the chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.4939;;pakksitan advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz pakksitan advisor on foreign affairs sartaj azizpakistan has set up a high-level committee to formulate a doable and sustainable policy to highlight the kashmir issue globally and is reaching out to indians who are opposed to prime minister narendramodi modis extremist policies, according to a report on wednesday.
;;0.0;;pictures of ramkot fort on the banks of mangla dam lake, the buddha mujassama in gilgit, sharda peeth in neelum valley, ali baig gurdwara, and the fountains and gardens at khuiratta are on display as part of an exhibition titled national unity through monuments, which opened on tuesday to mark prime minister narendramodi modis 69th birthday.
;;0.0;;b'washington :president barack obama listens as indian prime minister india narendramodi speaks to members of the media during their meeting in the oval office of the white house in washington, tuesday, june 7, 2016.
;;0.0;;(source: ap) washington :president barack obama listens as indian prime minister india narendramodi speaks to members of the media during their meeting in the oval office of the white house in washington, tuesday, june 7, 2016.
;;0.6705;;(source: ap)pakistan has expressed concern over growing strategic ties between india and the us, a day after the two countries signed a number of agreements for security cooperation during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the us.
;;0.0;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi today parried questions on whether he wanted to become the prime minister,saying he had never even dreamt of becoming the chief minister.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi with diamond merchants who had donated funds for kiran hospital.
;;0.34;;bhupendra rana prime minister narendramodi with diamond merchants who had donated funds for kiran hospital.
;;0.6486;;bhupendra ranareaching out to the patidar community in the diamond city of the country, prime minister narendramodi on monday said he was going to israel as their representative and sought better participation from those in the industry in making india emerge as the leader in the gems and jewellery sector.
;;0.8625;;in pakistan, mbs praised prime minister imran khan for his efforts at dialogue, and in india, he praised prime minister narendramodi for his personal initiatives to have friendly ties with pakistan.
;;0.6249;;image source: anipalestine president mahmoud abbas was warmly welcomed by president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi at rashtrapati bhawan on tuesday.
;;0.5423;;twitter.com/yuirqqlj3l  ani (@ani_news) may 16, 2017president abbas arrived in the national capital sunday on his four-day visit to hold extensive talks with pm narendramodi on key bilateral issues, including the middle east peace process.
;;0.6361;;meanwhile, he also accepted amit shahs statement that prime minister narendramodi is the most popular leader since independence.
;;0.4019;;about 350 people, which includes prime minister narendramodi , party chief amit shah, union ministers, chief ministers of 13 bjp-ruled states including up chief minister yogi adityanath, are in attendance.
;;-0.3169;;vijay chauthaiwale, who is in charge of the bjps foreign affairs department and plays a key role in organising diaspora meetings for prime minister narendramodi , tweeted: why not best villain award to hritik roshan (sic)?
;;0.5719;;the dialogue takes forward the commitment of prime minister narendramodi and uk prime minister theresa may for an enhanced energy partnership between the countries, the release said.
;;0.0541;;sharief on saturday wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi demanding for the same and said there should not be any doubt about his patriotism.
;;0.0541;;(representational image) sharief on saturday wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi demanding for the same and said there should not be any doubt about his patriotism.
;;0.0541;;sharief on saturday wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi demanding for the same and said there should not be any doubt about his patriotism.
;;-0.7717;;the leader of asias other behemoth, indian prime minister narendramodi  who is due to visit the white house shortly  has said failing to act on climate change would be morally criminal.
;;0.6908;;the party, the leader said, also wants to ascertain the number of parties which are willing to authorise prime minister narendramodi to pick the presidential candidate.
;;-0.4767;;meanwhile, the congress described the new government as an illegitimate child of bjp and blamed prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah for the diabolical design to decimate democracy.
;;-0.34;;b'a week before prime minister narendramodi dedicates the state-of-the-art 15 mmpta capacity refinery of indian oil corporation (ioc) at paradip in odisha, its av unit caught fire.
;;0.4588;;the refinery will be dedicated to the nation by pm narendramodi on february 7.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters)swedish prime minister stefan lofven will be on a two-day visit to india this month to participate in the make in india week here and will also meet prime minister narendramodi for a bilateral dialogue.
;;-0.6187;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi congress vice-president rahul gandhicongress vice-president rahul gandhi on tuesday hit back at prime minister narendramodi , accusing him of mocking the tragedy of uttarakhand earthquake and insulting the freedom struggle, but not answering the questions raised by the opposition on demonetisation.
;;0.0;;this storm will finish narendramodi , bjp, mayawati and bsp, he said.
;;0.0;;but today narendramodi is bringing a kind of company raj in india.
;;0.0;;the rss on sunday advised gujarat chief minister narendramodi to take everyone along and practise a politics of inclusion,sources said.
;;0.296;;in tough times,modi remembers rssgujarat parivartan party president keshubhai patel on sunday claimed that as the electoral scenario became tough,chief minister narendramodi suddenly remembered rss and rushed to meet its chief mohan bhagwat.
;;0.3182;;chief minister narendramodi praised his governments model of governance and took pot-shots at the rajasthan and central governments during his one-day visit to jaipur on saturday,even as a group of protesters demonstrated against him.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , campaigning for the bharatiya janata party, addressed two public meetings and ended the night at chikoowadi, borivali.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is also scheduled to give a live-streamed message on august 2.
;;0.4019;;b'nitish kumar (file photo) nitish kumar (file photo)bihar chief minister nitish kumar, who skipped a luncheon meet of opposition parties today, is likely to be present at the lunch prime minister narendramodi is hosting on saturday for visiting mauritius prime minister pravind jugnauth.
;;0.0;;while president pranab mukherjees office said he will not be attending the function, prime minister narendramodi is likely to attend it.
;;0.5267;;ever since the then chief minister narendramodi kicked off the vibrant gujarat summit in september 2003 in ahmedabad, every year, this investors summit has been held as a pre-uttarayan event in the second week of january.
;;0.5267;;ever since the then chief minister narendramodi kicked off the vibrant gujarat summit in september 2003 in ahmedabad, every year, this investors summit has been held as a pre-uttarayan event in the second week of january.
;;0.5267;;ever since the then chief minister narendramodi kicked off the vibrant gujarat summit in september 2003 in ahmedabad, every year, this investors summit has been held as a pre-uttarayan event in the second week of january.
;;0.5267;;this year, looking at the availability of prime minister narendramodi for the vibrant gujarat event and to accommodate nrgs (non-resident gujaratis), who will also be heading to attend the pravasi bharatiya divas, which is beginning on january 21, we have changed the dates.
;;0.5267;;in 2015, the summit organised for the first time after narendramodi became the prime minister, saw pravasi bharatiya divas being organised at mahatma mandir, a couple of days before the vibrant gujarat event was held at the same venue in january.
;;0.0;;the event which was attended by prime minister narendramodi witnessed around 30,000 participants.
;;0.4939;;tejasvi surya, 28, the bjp mp from bangalore south constituency, was among the strongest defenders of prime minister narendramodi modis performance of the last five years in his maiden speech in parliament on tuesday.
;;-0.3818;;b'prime minister narendramodi paid his last respects to balraj madhok and met his family members to condole his death.
;;-0.3818;;(source: ap) prime minister narendramodi paid his last respects to balraj madhok and met his family members to condole his death.
;;0.5106;;the poets insight is one that prime ministers narendramodi and nawaz sharif, both apparently prosaic men, might do well to hold on to as they struggle to salvage india-pakistan peace from the ashes of pathankot.
;;-0.4767;;he was speaking during an interaction at the goa fest 2018 and was responding to questions from the media on the recent issuance of guidelines by the information and broadcasting ministry on fake news, which was subsequently withdrawn after prime minister narendramodi modis intervention.
;;-0.7351;;this is the first time since the 2014 lok sabha elections that the bjp has chosen to fight a poll battle with a declared cm face, rather than banking on prime minister narendramodi alone.
;;-0.6908;;a division bench of the gujarat high court on monday adjourned hearing on two petitions demanding contempt of court proceedings against chief minister narendramodi till december 19.
;;0.0;;(janak rathod)chief minister arvind kejriwal wrote to prime minister narendramodi on friday seeking his intervention in execution of the delhi governments cctv project, two days after lt governor anil baijal constituted a panel to prepare a framework for it.
;;0.3818;;ever since he became prime minister, narendramodi has proclaimed himself as a devotee of mahatma gandhi.
;;-0.0854;;to convince the farmers that it was not an empty promise, the then prime ministerial candidate narendramodi and other bjp leaders had reiterated that promise from every possible platform.
;;0.4779;;mayawati said, the bjps dhamma yatra was similar to prime minister narendramodi modis attempts to do politics on a religious occasion like he did in lucknow on dussehra, in order to help his party which is in a very bad shape in the state.
;;0.0;;b'tashkent : prime minister narendramodi during the sco summit in tashkent on friday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo by subhav shukla/file) tashkent : prime minister narendramodi during the sco summit in tashkent on friday.
;;0.5994;;india and the united arab emirates (uae) are likely to sign agreements on maritime affairs, transport and training, agriculture, and small and medium industries when visiting crown prince of abu dhabi, shaikh mohammad bin zayed al nahyan, meets prime minister narendramodi on wednesday.
;;-0.4939;;the state unit of congress had yesterday announced that it will burn an effigy of chitta ravan in ludhiana to draw prime minister narendramodi modis attention to the drug menace in the state during his visit to the industrial city on october 18.
;;-0.4215;;both shatrughan and yashwant sinha also talked about their rashtriya manch (national forum) and criticised prime minister narendramodi and bjp.
;;-0.4215;;(express file photo) both shatrughan and yashwant sinha also talked about their rashtriya manch (national forum) and criticised prime minister narendramodi and bjp.
;;-0.4215;;both shatrughan and yashwant sinha also talked about their rashtriya manch (national forum) and criticised prime minister narendramodi and bjp.
;;0.8316;;if the us defence secretary general james mattis strongly defended the proposition that india is vital to the stabilisation of the indo-pacific, prime minister narendramodi articulated in great detail delhis own understanding of the new geography in his keynote speech.
;;0.0;;bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi addressing during an election rally in jharkhand on wednesday.
;;-0.7003;;gujarats bjp government of chief minister narendramodi told the apex court the contentious audio tapes aired by news portals cobrapost and gulail featuring the alleged illegal surveillance of the woman had come at a strategically chosen time with an obvious and visible connivance of the home ministry of the central government, with a view to pave way for an immediate malicious campaign.
;;-0.0516;;amid heightened tensions with india over the kashmir issue, pakistan has refused new delhis request to allow prime minister narendramodi to use its airspace for his flight to the united states via germany.
;;-0.128;;there is nothing above the nation, prime minister narendramodi said in a public rally in churu, rajasthan, in his first remarks after the strike.
;;0.7579;;prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo/file) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo/file)as part of his push for digital payments, prime minister narendramodi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments bharat interface for money (bhim) app for transactions.
;;0.0;;and bjp pm candidate narendramodi has held public meetings there, besides in hajipur, sheohar and chhapra (saran), all targeted at consolidation of the paswan votes.
;;0.0;;amit paswan, a driver, said: it is narendramodi all the way for us.
;;-0.7184;;chief minister narendramodi had recently said the opposition has failed to understand the water problem in the state arising out of the centres stand of not allowing permission to raise the height of sardar sarovar dam.
;;-0.765;;(source: pti photo)while the bjp and bjd continued to spar over prime minister narendramodi modis remarks on odishas poverty, the annual economic survey released on saturday by the state government said about 82 lakh people had been lifted above the poverty line over eight years.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi should first account for the alleged atrocities committed by india in kashmir before talking about balochistan, pakistans main opposition leader bilawal bhutto said on wednesday and vowed to maintain the countrys sovereignty at every cost.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi wished the nation on the occasion of eid al-adha, monday.
;;0.2732;;gunotsav,the annual exercise of the state government to assess and evaluate primary schools,students and teachers,began on thursday with chief minister narendramodi making a surprise visit to a school in banaskantha district.
;;0.4215;;b'prime minister narendramodi with the beti bachao beti padhao beneficiaries in jhunjhunu on thursday.
;;0.4215;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with the beti bachao beti padhao beneficiaries in jhunjhunu on thursday.
;;0.1027;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on the occasion of international womens day on thursday said that it pains him that despite the nations immense greatness, we have to fold our hands in our own home, persuade people, and spend money to save the girl child.
;;-0.5719;;launching the national nutrition mission (nnm), the pm said that one may want to abuse or criticise the pm, or may have good or bad things to say about him, but when they think of pm from now on, they should not think of narendramodi , but of poshan mission.
;;-0.6249;;in his first independence day speech, prime minister narendramodi had sharply criticised the chronic disunity and conflict among different government departments during upa rule: it appeared that everyone has its own fiefdom.
;;-0.0258;;last week, prime minister narendramodi spoke up and said that the daughters of india must get justice and this crime will not go unpunished.
;;0.34;;(source: pti)while bringing the indian navys second international fleet review to a close on sunday at visakhapatnam, prime minister narendramodi emphasised, once again, the centrality of the oceans for indias prosperity and security.
;;0.2263;;(pti/file)prime minister narendramodi will announce projects worth nearly rs. 3,800 crore at limkheda in dahod district of gujarat on his 66th birthday today.
;;-0.1546;;he added that it was not an easy task to provide houses to everyone by 2022 as resolved by prime minister narendramodi , and also asked adityanath to form a regulatory authority by the end of july, keeping in mind the complaints made by buyers from areas like noida and ghaziabad.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , who was at the isro headquarters in bengaluru to watch the landing, told the isro team, there are ups and downs in life.
;;0.7906;;prime minister narendramodi was providing security to his friends like nita ambani, leaving women in delhi in the lurch, chief minister arvind kejriwal said on tuesday.
;;0.34;;while the congress asked bada modi where chhota modi was, referring to prime minister narendramodi and nirav modi, respectively, dmk members wanted a cauvery management board to be set up.
;;0.8658;;on one hand, prime minister narendramodi takes great pride in saying that he was a chaiwala (tea seller).
;;0.4019;;family members of netaji subhas chandra bose have sought the help of gujarat chief minister narendramodi for declassification of all secret files concerning the iconic leader.
;;0.3818;;it was every indians fundamental duty to ensure participation of women in all fields of life, prime minister narendramodi said in his mann ki baat radio programme broadcast on sunday.
;;0.1531;;a day after akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp) swept to power in delhi university students union (dusu) elections,senior delhi bjp leaders were found crediting the partys prime ministerial candidate narendramodi for the victory.
;;0.0;;read moreyogi adityanath will make up uttam pradesh, says pm modiprime minister of india prime minister of india narendramodi ,bjp national president amit shah at new chief minister yogi aditya nath oath taking ceremony at smriti upvan in lucknow on sunday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday congratulated yogi adityanath after he took oath as the chief minister of uttar pradesh.
;;0.7096;;shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on sunday said prime minister narendramodi has the courage and support to bring an ordinance for the construction of ram temple in ayodhya,advertisingthe government should bring an ordinance for construction of ram temple.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi has the courage.
;;0.2732;;(express file photo/renuka puri)amid pune polices claim of a plot to assassinate prime minister narendramodi , union home minister rajnath singh on friday said the government was serious about the security of the pm.
;;0.34;;panneerselvam informed prime minister narendramodi about the ordinance promulgated by the state government and said that jallikattu is to be conducted with customary fervor with all necessary safeguards.
;;0.5423;;(express photo)bjp in-charge of gujarat bhupender yadav on sunday told a group of intelligentsia that prime minister narendramodi in his four years of rule has brought good governance to the centrestage of politics as against the congress which played the politics of negativity.
;;-0.3612;;the chief secretary said the funds of rs 1,000 crore released after declaration of prime minister narendramodi was exhausted and he requested the ndma team for early release of rs 5200 crore from the ndrf.
;;0.4939;;(express photo by vasant prabhu)income tax department on friday launched the second phase of operation clean money to detect the flow of black money into the banks after demonetisation of higher currency notes announced by prime minister narendramodi on november 8 last year.
;;0.6486;;aimim party chief asaduddin owaisi on wednesday queried if prime minister narendramodi would undertake a fast on the farmers suicides issue and also to atone for false promises made by him.
;;0.2732;;a government official said that the nda government under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi had decided to create a green grid of power in the country by setting charnka-style solar parks across the country and the banaskantha project was part of that planning.
;;0.6486;;alleging that the narendramodi government at the centre had waived loans worth crores for the richest in the country, rahul asked how much had been waived for farmers.
;;0.0;;claiming that prime minister narendramodi modis government had waived loans of upto rs 2.
;;0.6697;;the congress chief further claimed that diamantaire nirav modi and prime minister narendramodi know each other very well, adding that while people involved in corruption were fleeing the country, desh ka chaukidar ek shabd nahi kehta hai(the countrys guard does not speak a word)on development in amethi, rahul accused the present government of taking credit for projects developed by his party.
;;0.0258;;(source: ap photo)us president barack obama and prime minister narendramodi could not address a joint press conference after their meeting because of scheduling issues and the two leaders wanted more time to discuss several pressing matters, a presidential spokesman said today.
;;0.0;;the sp patron also mentioned that prime minister narendramodi during one of his election rallies in kannauj had also echoed the same sentiment.
;;0.0;;and, in 2015, even prime minister narendramodi visited hussainiwala along with badal on march 23.
;;0.0;;this was communicated to prime minister narendramodi last wednesday by chief secretary j n singh during a video conference under pro-active governance and timely implementation (pragati) initiative of the prime ministers office.
;;-0.4404;;home minister rajnath singh (source: pti)trashing rahul gandhis criticism that only one voice counts in the country, home minister rajnath singh on wednesday said prime minister narendramodi is neither dictatorial, nor communal.
;;-0.5994;;he had also issued an advertisement citing the girls death and urged prime minister narendramodi to give time and attention to delhi.
;;-0.4588;;b'union minister venkaiah naidu (pti photo /pib) union minister venkaiah naidu (pti photo /pib)only the corrupt, communal and casteist people are upset with prime minister narendramodi , union minister m venkaiah naidu said today as he attacked the opportunistic coming together of opposition parties.
;;-0.296;;meanwhile, singhvi also claimed that prime minister narendramodi modis use of caste references during the election campaign is a sign of nervousness.
;;0.0;;b'the decision on the reactors is germane to prime minister narendramodi modis plan to triple indias nuclear power capacity by 2025.
;;0.0;;the decision on the reactors is germane to prime minister narendramodi modis plan to triple indias nuclear power capacity by 2025.
;;-0.0772;;its also a landmark in indias indigenous nuclear-power programme, which was hampered by chronic fuel (uranium) shortages till the first decade of this century, despite indigenous expertise in phwrs.the decision on the reactors is germane to prime minister narendramodi modis plan to triple indias nuclear power capacity by 2025.
;;0.3182;;in a veiled attack on some congress leaders without taking names, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said that a section of political class attempted to erase memories of all former prime ministers by giving them such labels that they should not be remembered, and vowed to set up a grand museum in memory of all of them.
;;-0.6908;;the cyber crime cell of ahmedabad has begun probing an anonymous complaint written to the election commission in gandhinagar which allegedly seeks to remove prime minister narendramodi modis name from the voters list in sabarmati area.
;;-0.2023;;after prime minister narendramodi asked the state governments to act against cow vigilantes who harrass people, in first of its kind rajpura police have booked several people after watching the video on social networking site when the accused were beating a truck driver who was going towards haryana carrying cows in his truck.
;;0.0;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi will travel to russia in june to attend st petersburg international economic forum (spief), where india has been invited as a guest country, and the two sides are working on the bilateral aspect of the visit.
;;0.8126;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on sunday urged students from across the country to join the governments flagship swachh bharat abhiyan for summer internship and announced incentives, including credit points by the university grants commission (ugc), for participants.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at a programme in kandla for the launch of development projects.
;;0.0;;(source: pmo india/ twitter) prime minister narendramodi at a programme in kandla for the launch of development projects.
;;0.296;;(source: pmo india/ twitter)prime minister narendramodi on monday landed in kutch marking the start of his two-day gujarat visit where he will join various programmes.
;;-0.296;;a day earlier, prime minister narendramodi had accused the sp-congress of chanting gayatri prajapati mantra.
;;0.6369;;the bjp chief also said that the party believed in the development for all and prime minister narendramodi left no stone unturned in ensuring the states growth.
;;0.0;;last year, zaidi had even sent an sos of sorts to prime minister narendramodi , drawing his attention to the funds needed for the machines.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister of india narendramodi along with uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath at inaugral session of uttar pradesh investors summit at igp in lucknow.
;;0.0;;(express photo by vishal srivastav/file) prime minister of india narendramodi along with uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath at inaugral session of uttar pradesh investors summit at igp in lucknow.
;;0.6486;;in the inaugural session, both prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath had promised that the progress and follow-up on the proposals would be personally monitored by the latter.
;;-0.6249;;b'kashmir issue: addressing the media, mehbooba mufti said prime minister narendramodi wanted an end to the cycle of violence in jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.6249;;(source: pti photo) kashmir issue: addressing the media, mehbooba mufti said prime minister narendramodi wanted an end to the cycle of violence in jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.5106;;(source: pti photo)jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti today presented a three-pronged action plan that included a dialogue with all stakeholders during talks with prime minister narendramodi to bring lasting peace in the valley rocked by turmoil that has left 68 people dead.
;;0.0;;amongst those present were prime minister narendramodi and general sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, crown prince of abu dhabi.
;;0.6808;;express photo by renuka puritwo days after he announced setting up of a task force to boost indias performance in future olympic games, prime minister narendramodi on sunday asked states to set up similar committees to identify the games in which they can do better as he noted that india could not perform as per expectations in the rio olympics.
;;-0.6486;;at the sidelines of his halqe vich captain event here said, like kejriwal tries to blame prime minister narendramodi for all his failures, sukhbir is trying to blame the isi for the complete breakdown of law and order in punjab.
;;0.0;;subsequently, a select committee led by prime minister narendramodi removed verma as director and asthana was transferred out.
;;0.1531;;among the adulation heading the teams way, including shah rukh khan and former india cricketers, prime minister narendramodi and sports minister vijay goel is of virender sehwag who has over the past carved a niche for himself with his witty wishes and remarks including banter with journalist piers morgan.
;;0.836;;b'congress general secretary,digvijay singh today made light of gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis hat-trick in the assembly polls,saying that leaders like sheila dikshit and tarun gogoi from his party too have won elections three times in a row.
;;0.7096;;pti phototamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam today sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention on the issue of compulsory holiday for pongal festival even as the centre clarified that these are decided by the employees welfare committees in state capitals and it has nothing to do with it.
;;0.4404;;aap party convener and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal aap party convener and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwalstung by its poor performances in punjab and goa assembly polls, the aap has changed its strategy of directly attacking prime minister narendramodi and has decided to focus on positive campaign as it faces litmus test in the mcd municipal polls.
;;0.0;;the aap leader said narendramodi directly during the mcd polls campaign may backfire.
;;-0.631;;from march 11-17, the week after the results, kejriwal hasnt sent out even one tweet narendramodi , but his sporadic attack on the bjp remains.
;;0.296;;(source: pti)invoking atal bihari vajpayees mantra of kashmiriyat, insaaniyat and jamhooriyat to take kashmir forward on the path of progress and development, prime minister narendramodi on sunday asked stone-pelters in the valley to shun violence and adopt the path of progress through tourism.
;;-0.5106;;refusing to disclose under the rti act the dissent notes of commissioner ashok lavasa on decisions regarding model code violations by prime minister narendramodi , the election commission has said the information might endanger the life or physical safety of an individual.
;;-0.4404;;the indian express had reported that lavasa had, on five occasions, opposed clean chits given to prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah on charges of violating the model code during their campaign for the lok sabha polls.
;;0.5859;;pti photo by shahbaz khanin a relief to farmers across the country, prime minister narendramodi said the government has decided to extend the deadline for procurement of pulses by one week from april 15 to april 22.
;;0.6908;;devendra fadnavis on thursday thanked prime minister narendramodi for having faith in him and going against caste equations to make him the chief minister of maharashtra in 2014.
;;0.0;;two days before the model code of conduct for elections in mumbai, thane and other local bodies in maharashtra came into force, the devendra fadnavis government went on an overdrive to roll out prime minister narendramodi modis pet low-cost housing initiative the pradhan mantri awaas yojana (pmay) in the mumbai metropolitan region.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to take part in the g20 summit to be held in chinas hangzhou city in the first week of next month followed by president xi jinpings participation in the brics summit in goa in october.
;;0.6908;;the committees rationale for assuring duty relief was that since india is saturated with base model phones, it was necessary to rope in high-end mobile manufacturers to provide a fillip to prime minister narendramodi modis plan to spread digital economy which would require wider penetration of smartphones, they added.
;;-0.3182;;the development comes amid tension between the alliance partners ever since prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah offered a single berth to the jd(u) in the newly-formed nda government.
;;0.0;;nitishji had batted for narendramodi modis prime ministership in 171 public meetings before the elections.
;;0.0;;even prime minister narendramodi and rss chief mohan bhagwat have said that the issue should be decided by the court, the jd(u) leader said.
;;0.4019;;party chief amit shah held a long meeting with prime minister narendramodi yesterday evening where the two leaders are believed to have discussed the reshuffle and the long overdue organisational rejig.
;;0.0;;(source: ani photo)the ministry of external affairs on wednesday said prime minister narendramodi can meet chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana in kazakhstan.
;;0.3612;;we are keen that the prime minister narendramodi attends the chogm, said mark field, minister of state for asia and the pacific in the theresa may government.
;;0.1027;;the defence corridor project was announced by prime minister narendramodi during investors summit in lucknow last year.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is also scheduled to speak on the same day.
;;0.0;;b'belgiums prime minister charles michel, right, and indias prime minister narendramodi inspects the troops prior to a meeting at the egmont palace in brussels, wednesday, march 30, 2016.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/geert vanden wijngaert) belgiums prime minister charles michel, right, and indias prime minister narendramodi inspects the troops prior to a meeting at the egmont palace in brussels, wednesday, march 30, 2016.
;;0.4019;;in this context, prime minister narendramodi modis visit to brussels has signalled a necessary injection of pragmatism into the relationship that can help relaunch indias strategic partnership with the eu.
;;0.25;;bjp circulating its mouthpieces: congthe city congress on friday lodged a complaint with district election officials alleging that two bjp mouthpieces,sadhana and manogat,were being circulated among the public with one of them carrying an advertisement of idar municipality that praised chief minister narendramodi modis efforts in developing the city of idar.
;;0.0;;(`pti photo)on a purely religious visit to varanasi, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal monday offered prayers at the ravidas temple in seer govardhanpur area , hours after prime minister narendramodi visited the place.
;;0.0;;with his approximately 110 million followers worldwide, narendramodi has overtaken the present us president donald trump who has 96 million followers globally.
;;0.0;;targeting adani who believed to be close to prime minister narendramodi , swamy on twitter wrote, the biggest npa trapeze artiste in psus is gautam adani.
;;-0.8074;;the congress, which protested outside parliament ahead of the session, is demanding prime minister narendramodi address the houses on the steps being taken by the government to bring the scam accused back to india.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi during a visit to the kedarnath temple.
;;0.0;;(express file photo by virender singh negi) prime minister narendramodi during a visit to the kedarnath temple.
;;0.4215;;(express file photo by virender singh negi)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday reviewed progress of the ongoing reconstruction work at kedarnath, most of which include projects for which he laid the foundation stone during his visit to the shrine in october last year.
;;0.5574;;with a small piece of paper in hand, prime minister narendramodi spoke first and set out four priority issues he wanted to discuss with us president donald trump  iran, 5g, bilateral ties and defence relationship.
;;0.4215;;ap/pti (representational image)the cabinet committee on security (ccs) had cleared the rs 58,000 crore rafale deal in august, 2016, nearly 16 months after the announcement of its procurement was made by prime minister narendramodi during his visit to france in april 2015, according to details provided by the government in parliament today.
;;0.0;;uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath (file) uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath (file)uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath on monday met prime minister narendramodi and some union ministers in new delhi to discuss the developmental projects in the state.
;;-0.1027;;minister of state in pmo v narayanasamy on saturday lashed out at gujarat chief minister narendramodi for misusing a ceremonial occasion like independence day to criticise prime minister manmohan singh and congress-led upa government at the centre.
;;-0.743;;(source: pti)hitting out at chief minister mamata banerjee for criticising prime minister narendramodi and the centre, the state bjp today accused her of helping anti-national elements, speaking half-truths and destroying the countrys federal structure.
;;0.0;;the chief minister has termed prime minister narendramodi a dictator.
;;-0.1779;;the west bengal chief minister had on saturday tore into the narendramodi government, accusing it of bulldozing the federal structure and running a presidential form of government.
;;-0.8625;;the demand came in the wake of a statement by chief minister narendramodi recently made in new delhi,according to which influx of the poor from other places caused problem of poverty in gujarat.
;;-0.3182;;advertisingdecades later, prime minister narendramodi will unveil a memorial for the victims of the two plane crashes in saint gervais, near the french alps, about five hours from paris, via video conference on friday.
;;0.0;;the kedarnath shrine was also opened earlier this week in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , after a six-month winter break.
;;0.7485;;prime minister narendramodi modis meeting with then peruvian president on the sidelines of the brics summit in july 2014 laid the foundation of a more proactive engagement between the two countries.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi on friday reportedly chaired an internal security meet where union home minister rajnath singh, home secretary rajiv mehrishi and nsa chief ajit doval were also present, according to reports on ndtv.
;;0.6808;;b'pm narendramodi (file) pm narendramodi (file)prime minister narendramodi on friday launched the agro-marine processing scheme sampada to promote food processing and promised to make the north-east the economic hub of new india.
;;0.2105;;modi method for mediado not be surprised if many bjp leaders,especially dealing with media,sound like chief minister narendramodi very soon.
;;0.3818;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)in his pitch before the visiting korean business delegation in new delhi, prime minister narendramodi tuesday said india is one of the very few countries whose economy is open and fosters growth.
;;-0.296;;prime minister prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh and union ministers during the voting on the gst bill in the lok sabha during its monsoon session in new delhi (source: pti photo / tv grab)two other bills, the taxation laws (amendment) bill, 2016 and the appropriation (no 3) bill, passed by the lok sabha and transmitted to the rajya sabha for its recommendation, are not likely to be returned to the lower house within 14 days.
;;-0.1027;;chennai: tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami (file photo) chennai: tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami (file photo)the tamil nadu government on saturday protested against karnatakas unilateral action of constructing a reservoir across river cauvery at mekedatu and sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention in the matter.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)when he was little and his father was building his taxi business, pradeep yadav lived in a chawl, a rundown tenement in financial capital, mumbai.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi broadened reforms this year to foster construction and home buying under his housing for all program, launched in june 2015.
;;0.2732;;tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa and union minister pon radhakrishnan, who hails from tamil nadu, thanked prime minister narendramodi for  in effect  lifting the ban on the popular sport.
;;-0.4215;;b'congress president rahul gandhi (file photo) congress president rahul gandhi (file photo)launching a fresh attack against prime minister narendramodi over his silence on the ongoing farmers agitation, congress president rahul gandhi accused the modi government of only helping the industrialists.
;;0.0;;year-end stocktakingnew years eve plans of several secretaries to the government of india came to naught on thursday as prime minister narendramodi decided to hold a late evening meeting with them.
;;0.6597;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on monday met floor leaders of different parties on the eve of the budget session and told them that the two houses should function despite differences that may emerge between these parties and the nda government.
;;0.0;;acting on an idea pushed by prime minister narendramodi , the railways plans to install at least one lakh stainless steel benches in 1,500 stations across the country.
;;0.4215;;union law minister ravi shankar prasad on friday said registration of youths from jammu and kashmir for recruitment in the armed forces showed how people there were responding to the withdrawal of the states special status through abrogation of article 370advertisingcalling it a historic initiative shown by prime minister narendramodi , prasad said: how the people have responded?
;;0.296;;prasad also claimed that law against triple talaq was not a single step in the quest for gender justice, but was part of larger narrative of the narendramodi government for gender empowerment.
;;0.0;;bhojpuri actor and bjp campaigner ravi kishan summarised, youre here because of modi, while union textile minister smriti irani said, narendramodi is the leader and amit shah, the guide for india.
;;0.4588;;(file photo)the congress today asked prime minister narendramodi to deeply introspect that kashmir needs engagement and not estrangement as has been happening in the state during the past year under the pdp-bjp government.
;;0.5267;;(file photo)india on monday ruled out any meeting between prime minister narendramodi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif when the two will be in kazakhstan this week, and asserted that pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to the international court of justice (icj).
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis visit to palestine, the first by an indian prime minister, completes the triangle that began with his visit to israel last year.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis visit to palestine, the first by an indian prime minister, completes the triangle that began with his visit to israel last year.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis visit to palestine, the first by an indian prime minister, completes the triangle that began with his visit to israel last year.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi with iran president hassan rouhani.
;;0.0;;(source: file photo) pm narendramodi with iran president hassan rouhani.
;;0.765;;(source: file photo)ahead of his two day visit to iran at the invitation of president hassan rouhani, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that he was looking forward to the conclusion of the trilateral chabahar agreement, a deal whihc opens up a route to land-locked afghanistan with which new delhi has developed close security ties and economic interests.
;;0.0;;(file photo)bjps lok sabha member kirit somaiya on monday said prime minister narendramodi is the man from french soothsayer nostradamus prophecy, who will take india to new heights.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to travel to russia on june one to attend st petersburg international economic forum (spief).
;;-0.4939;;while issues of defence cooperation and counter-terrorism are expected to dominate the agenda during bilateral talks between prime minister narendramodi and hasina, the indian side is expected to dwell upon the issue of illegal immigration to india.
;;0.3182;;the present bull run of the bjp in elections is as much about the ability of narendramodi to set the political agenda as it is about the partys organisational muscle and strategy.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/leoacrezk8  cm office, goup (@cmofficeup) june 7, 2019he claimed that it was only after prime minister narendramodi came to power that work was undertaken to give ayodhya its identity, right from ramayana circuit to promotion of its cultural heritage.
;;0.2732;;when narendramodi became prime minister, constructive work began for development of ayodhya including that of ramayana circuit, claimed adityanath, listing development works undertaken by the centre as well as his government in the state for ayodhya right from widening of ram-janki marga, organising deepotsav, ram leela and starting a bus service from janakpur in nepal to ayodhya.
;;-0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi modis first destination will be vietnam from where he will leave for hangzhou on august 3 to attend the g-20 summit on september 4 and 5.
;;-0.0516;;(source: file) prime minister narendramodi modis first destination will be vietnam from where he will leave for hangzhou on august 3 to attend the g-20 summit on september 4 and 5.
;;-0.1531;;(source: file)prime minister narendramodi sets off on friday on a bilateral visit to vietnam and to attend the annual summit of powerful g-20 grouping in chinas hangzhou where india is likely to seek concrete measures to check terror financing and crackdown on tax evasion.
;;0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)bureaucrats will be honoured by prime minister narendramodi for their good work in promoting key programmes of the central government.
;;-0.5859;;(source: express photo by gurmeet singh)the shiromani akali dal (sad) is once again in an embarrassing situation with the bjp on sunday stating that prime minister narendramodi has no plans to visit dhudike village in moga, where he was expected for the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of martyr lala lajpat rai on august 28.
;;0.0;;it is to be noted that in 2011- two asiatic lions- hailey and gagan- were brought to chhatbir and that too after cm parkash singh badal pleaded then gujarat cm and now prime minister narendramodi to send the lions for breeding purposes.
;;0.34;;radadiya alongwith his son quit the congress and joined the bjp and was welcomed by gujarat chief minister narendramodi in a big way.
;;-0.5719;;the government is also trying to avoid any possible disruption of the foundation laying ceremony by chief minister narendramodi that is due to be held on october 31,the birth anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and emir of qatar sheikh tamim bin hamad al-thani during the delegation level talks at emiri diwan in doha, qatar on sunday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi and emir of qatar sheikh tamim bin hamad al-thani during the delegation level talks at emiri diwan in doha, qatar on sunday.
;;0.6369;;at the end of wide-ranging talks, prime minister narendramodi , who is on a two-day visit, had with emir of qatar sheikh tamim bin hamad al-thani and qatari leadership, the two sides decided to constitute an inter-ministerial high-level joint committee to regularly review all bilateral matters, as well as regional and global issues of mutual interest.
;;0.6808;;advertisinggeneral (retd) david h petraeus, who served as cia director during barack obamas presidency in the us in 2011-12, said india was poised for a breakout modi moment during prime minister narendramodi modis second term in office after a remarkable electoral result.
;;0.6808;;petraeus also highlighted the need for the uk to move beyond the nostalgia of the past and acknowledge that india is now poised for a breakout modi moment during prime minister narendramodi modis second term in office after a remarkable electoral result.
;;0.2732;;during the june 2017 meeting between prime minister narendramodi and president donald trump, the us had agreed to sell surveillance version of the guardian drones to india.
;;0.0;;so, it is essential that we learn a language, and understand it, she said, a day after it was announced that prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping would hold an informal summit from april 27 to 28.
;;0.0;;b'bjp president amit saha also said after returning to delhi he would prepare a project for the 10 islands of lakshadweep bjp president amit saha also said after returning to delhi he would prepare a project for the 10 islands of lakshadweepprime minister narendramodi will visit lakshadweep in november, bjp president amit shah, who is on a three-day visit to the islands, said.
;;-0.7845;;b'when prime minister narendramodi condemned gau rakshak vigilantism, firmly and unambiguously, at a delhi town hall meeting on saturday, he broke a deafening silence.
;;-0.2263;;this comes days after rahul gandhi demanded that prime minister narendramodi explain resumed road-construction by the chinese near the doklam plateau.
;;0.8555;;us president donald trump expects best relations between pm narendramodi us president donald trump expects best relations between pm narendramodi modinewly appointed us president donald trump, whose rise to power has sent ripples across the world, will on tuesday call prime minister narendramodi at around 11 pm (ist) and will have a brief discussion which is expected to last about half hour.
;;0.8934;;prime minister narendramodi had called and congratulated trump hours after his surprise win on november 9, 2016 and expressed hope of better india-us ties under his leadership.
;;0.0;;b'varanasi: prime minister narendramodi during his road show in varanasi on sunday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) varanasi: prime minister narendramodi during his road show in varanasi on sunday.
;;0.836;;so far, the ground report for the bjp has been that the demonetization could play in its favour as the rural people feel that prime minister narendramodi had dared to go after the rich and that the move would contain corruption and black money.
;;0.5106;;the cm said prime minister narendramodi modis target of making india free of open defecation by 2019  mahatma gandhis 150th birth anniversary  has become mantra of his government.
;;0.7311;;watch: pm modi meets journalists on the eve of cabinet reshuffle: all you need to knowathawale had earlier thanked prime minister narendramodi for this opportunity and vowed to work for the backward sections of the society.
;;0.25;;b'prime minister narendramodi source: pti photo prime minister narendramodi source: pti photoprime minister narendramodi needs the right scientific advice to turn his vision to reality and should also start mission-mode projects, feels indias bharat ratna-winning scientist cnr rao.
;;0.5994;;excerpts of the interview:do you think prime minister narendramodi has a good vision for science?
;;0.0;;do you think prime minister narendramodi is getting the right scientific advice?
;;0.1779;;two persons were arrested and subsequently granted bail by a court for sharing a morphed photo of prime minister narendramodi in a whatsapp group in bhatkal, police said on wednesday.
;;-0.6249;;watch what else is making newsthe response of the subsidiary came following an rti query sent to rbi under the right to information act seeking to know the preparedness of the bankers bank to handle the cash crisis arising out of sudden announcement by prime minister narendramodi to demonetise rs 1,000 and rs 500.
;;0.5574;;(source: pti photo/file)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday congratulated the indian space research organisation (isro) for its remarkable feat of sending 104 satellites into orbit using pslv-c37 rocket.
;;-0.875;;(source: pti)amid a raging debate over the surgical strikes, prime minister narendramodi is understood to have cautioned his cabinet colleagues today against creating a hysteria over the military action against terror launch pads across the line of control (loc).
;;0.8591;;while giving its approval for raising the bastariya battalion, the cabinet committee on security, headed by prime minister narendramodi , had made it clear that all recruits would have to be from bastar region.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi had in october last termed the government as the biggest litigant and had pushed for a need to lessen the load on the judiciary, which spends its maximum time in tackling cases where the government is a party.
;;-0.3612;;b'former chief minister omar abdullah and opposition delegation from jammu and kashmir talking to media after meet pm narendramodi at pmo office in new delhi on monday express photo by prem nath pandey former chief minister omar abdullah and opposition delegation from jammu and kashmir talking to media after meet pm narendramodi at pmo office in new delhi on monday express photo by prem nath pandeyan opposition delegation from jammu and kashmir led by former chief minister and national conference chief omar abdullah called on prime minister narendramodi monday to discuss the ongoing turmoil in the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi meeting a delegation of opposition leaders from kashmir led by former cm omar abdullah (ani photo) prime minister narendramodi meeting a delegation of opposition leaders from kashmir led by former cm omar abdullah (ani photo)the delegation included cpi-m mla mohammed yusuf tarigami, state congress president g a mir, senior leaders of national conference and some independent mlas.
;;0.0;;read: karnataka cm siddaramaiahs son rakesh passes awaytwitter poured in with condolences for the family, evoking reactions from prime minister narendramodi , bhartiya janta pary karnataka chief b.s. yeddyurappa and indian cricket team coach anil kumble among others.
;;-0.2584;;(express photo by prashant nadkar)congress president rahul gandhi today said the prime minister narendramodi did not keep his assurance of providing jobs to two crore youth in a year.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at the piskariovskoye memorial cemetery in st petersburg on thursday.
;;0.0;;pti prime minister narendramodi at the piskariovskoye memorial cemetery in st petersburg on thursday.
;;0.0;;ptiboth china and russia on thursday said india will become a full member of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) when prime minister narendramodi attends the summit-level meeting in kazakhstan capital astana on june 8 and 9.
;;0.3818;;indian prime minister narendramodi announced a 0 million line of credit to kenya for agricultural mechanisation.
;;0.3818;;indian prime minister narendramodi announced a 0 million line of credit to kenya for agricultural mechanisation.
;;0.3818;;india on wednesday announced a $100 million line of credit to kenya for agricultural mechanisation after talks between prime minister narendramodi and kenyan president uhuru kenyatta during which they also decided to deepen economic cooperation, identifying expansion of bilateral trade as a priority.
;;-0.4404;;this needs to be condemned and i will suggest the captain amarinder singh to show black flags to pm narendramodi during his visit to chandigarh on international yoga day on june 21.
;;0.8126;;a p abdullakutty, who was recently sacked from congress for praising prime minister narendramodi on bjps massive mandate in the lok sabha polls, is set to join the saffron party.
;;-0.1779;;for a cbi inquiry to unfold the entire conspiracy, i will meet chief minister mehbooba mufti, prime minister narendramodi and senior party leaders including national president amit shah and general secretary ram madhav, he said.
;;-0.6597;;(source: ani)while on its way to the narmada seva yatra in amarkantak which will be attended by prime minister narendramodi , a bus toppled over in dindori district in madhya pradesh on monday killing at least three while injuring 25 others.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to meet chinese president xi jinping at the shanghai cooperation summit in china in june.
;;0.1027;;editorials in the mouthpiece, considered to be the views of the party president, were relentlessly critical of the bjp, prime minister narendramodi and state bjp president raosaheb danve.
;;-0.0258;;at a press conference, national president of bjp sc morcha vinod sonkar said the narendramodi government was worried about dalits and committed to their welfare.
;;-0.6124;;patnaik has also written to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention as he feared such constructions would adversely affect the farmers of odisha.
;;-0.3612;;a case has been registered against unknown persons for allegedly trying to dupe the bjp kanpur chief in the name of prime minister narendramodi , police said on friday.
;;0.4939;;he cited prime minister narendramodi modis message that the multi-tasking skills of women are their strength.
;;0.0;;(source: ani)prime minister narendramodi arrived in surat on sunday on a two-day visit to gujarat.
;;0.0;;gangwar, who joined the state services in 1989, had also reportedly liked an article critical of prime minister narendramodi in january this year and commented that there should be peoples rebellion (jankranti) against modi.
;;-0.1531;;with metro man e sreedharans name missing from the list of dignitaries who will be on the dais when prime minister narendramodi inaugurates the kochi metro on saturday, the kerala government has written to the prime ministers office and urged it to reconsider the decision and include him among the guests.
;;0.5423;;law minister ravi shankar prasad said here that the narendramodi government respects the culture of tamil nadu and is mindful of the sentiments expressed by the people in the state through a peaceful protest.
;;-0.34;;after discussions with prime minister narendramodi and consultations with legal experts, tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam announced this morning that the state government will amend a central act on prevention of cruelty to animals to allow conduct of jallikattu in the state with centres backing.
;;-0.4963;;file photo/agenciesdmk president m karunanidhi faulted tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa for not personally attending the 11th inter-state council meeting convened by prime minister narendramodi , saying it did not augur well for the states welfare.
;;0.8481;;in a meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi , the union cabinet on wednesday approved the increase in the minimum support prices (msps) for all kharif crops for 2019-20 season besides giving its nod to the wage code bill, which provides for the setting of a national minimum wage.
;;0.8126;;prime minister narendramodi on friday felicitated winners of a mega-draw of two national incentive schemes for digital transactions  lucky grahak yojana and digi dhan vyapar yojana.
;;0.0;;(file)with 11 months still to go for the 2019 lok sabha elections, political pundits have already billed it as a contest between prime minister narendramodi vs the entire opposition.
;;0.0;;while prime minister narendramodi has vehemently pitched for one nation one election, the election commission has put forward the idea of holding all elections due in a year together.
;;0.0;;lok sabha speaker om birla on monday requested prime minister narendramodi to include the expansion and modernisation of the parliament building in his resolution for new india, marking the completion of 75 years of independence in 2022.
;;0.0;;the strategic logic behind prime minister narendramodi modis act east policy is highly compatible with that of the us rebalance.
;;0.6124;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi on tuesday expressed his happiness over the recovery of congress president sonia gandhi,who was admitted to all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) hospital on monday night for around five hours.
;;0.0;;hinting at the alleged involvement of gujarat chief minister narendramodi in the encounter case in which the 19- year-old college student from mumbra was gunned down with three others,ishrats sister nusrat said,there are ample reasons to believe that modi knew my sister was confined for two days before the incident.
;;0.7964;;(source: pti)india first is the central point of nda governments foreign policy which is aimed at protecting the countrys strategic interests and ensuring robust economic growth, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said.
;;-0.6369;;one of them, ashok dohre from etawah, has written to prime minister narendramodi that the up police was using abusive language against dalits and targeting them by registering false cases against them.
;;0.0;;on saturday, prime minister narendramodi and afghanistans president ashraf ghani will press a button on a remote-controlled console in herat, sending jets of water cascading down the $290 million indian-built dam.
;;0.0;;b'president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi with the new ministers during the swearing-in ceremony at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi with the new ministers during the swearing-in ceremony at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.5267;;while the focus of the engagement between prime minister narendramodi and rouhani will necessarily be on bilateral issues relating to trade, investment and connectivity, irans domestic politics and its involvement in the multiple conflicts in the middle east must fully inform delhis engagement with tehran.
;;0.0;;army chief gen bipin rawat on wednesday called on prime minister narendramodi , his first meeting with him since taking over as the head of the force.
;;0.0;;cutouts of prime minister narendramodi were, however, left untouched.
;;0.4019;;bjps two-day national executive meeting will begin here today with all party bigwigs including prime minister narendramodi joining the deliberations.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi will pay a two-day visit to bhutan on august 17 and 18 during which he will hold talks with the neighbouring nations leadership on a host of issues, including strengthening the bilateral development partnerships and collaborating in the hydropower sector, a senior mea official said on friday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (left) and delhi cm arvind kejriwal.
;;0.0;;the central information commission (cic) friday directed delhi university and gujarat university to search and provide information on prime minister narendramodi modis degrees to delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal.
;;-0.2484;;in the case of hans raj jain, who had sought details of students who graduated in 1978 with names starting with letters n (narendra) and m (modi), the cpio of delhi university said it will be very difficult to search with the starting letters of the names even with the full name narendramodi , it may not be possible to secure the details especially when there is no mention of specific roll number along with the year number in the degree was allotted.
;;0.296;;prime minister narendramodi is insulting the common man by claiming credit for indias progress, congress president rahul gandhi said today, as he embarked on this third visit of poll-bound karnataka.
;;0.0;;wherever narendramodi goes he says in the last 70 years nothing has happened.
;;0.3182;;5 lakh crore loans taken by 15 rich people but when a farmer asks for loan waiver narendramodi and arun jaitley (finance minister) say it is not our policy, he added.
;;0.3182;;bimal gurung bimal gurungwith just a month to go for municipal elections in four key municipalities in darjeeling hills, the tmc  as part of its poll strategy  plans to question the gjms claim that prime minister narendramodi supported their call for gorkhaland.
;;-0.128;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked pakistan to stay away from terror activities if it wants good relation with india.
;;-0.4019;;(prashant nadkar)stepping up his attack on opposition parties, bjp president amit shah on friday compared them to snakes and mongoose, cats and dogs, all traditional rivals now forced to come together on a tree to escape the flood of prime minister narendramodi in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;(express photo by ganesh shirsekar)the bullet train project kicked off after discussions between prime minister narendramodi and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe, is being built with a rs 88,000-crore soft loan from japan international cooperation agency (jica).
;;0.0;;but the nda government, the congress said, has now removed agusta westland from the blacklist and prime minister narendramodi has even invited finmeccanica and agusta westland to participate in the make in india scheme.
;;0.6249;;(source: pti)in his first mann ki baat after the bharatiya janata party swept uttar pradesh and uttarakhand in the recently concluded state assembly elections, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said 125 crore indians want to create a bhavya and divya bharat.
;;-0.25;;meanwhile, chief minister arvind kejriwal wrote to prime minister narendramodi , requesting him, with folded hands, to intervene and end the agitation of the ias officers.
;;-0.5423;;this is the second fir registered in the past three days against gau rakshaks after prime minister narendramodi modis remarks that some gau rakshaks were harassing people in the name of cow protection.
;;0.0;;karnataka governor vajubhai vala tuesday called on prime minister narendramodi here.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis independence day speech from the red fort mentioning balochistan has set in motion a debate on motives, linkages with jammu & kashmir and whether india can stay the course.
;;-0.802;;the fresh incident came days after prime minister narendramodi asked people to beware of fake cow protectors trying to divide society and the country and asked the states to severely punish them.
;;0.4019;;pti photouttar pradesh chief minister aditya nath yogi on sunday showered accolades on prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah and party workers for the partys massive victory in the state assembly polls.
;;0.0;;advertisingthis will be rahuls first visit to the gandhi bastion since prime minister narendramodi held a public meeting on december 16 in rae bareli, where he inaugurated and laid the foundation stones of different development projects including upgradation of the modern rail coach factory, which used to be sonia gandhis pet project.
;;0.296;;a section of the congress leadership in kerala is unhappy with congress thiruvananthapuram mp shashi tharoor, who said that prime minister narendramodi must be praised whenever he says or does the right thing as it adds credibility to the criticisms of the party.
;;0.0;;mr narendramodi is a complete dictator and his regime is suffocating to many of indians, prathapan wrote.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi modis speech in fatehpur did not go unnoticed.
;;-0.4588;;earlier, thackeray, through in-house paper saamna attacked prime minister narendramodi for soft pedalling on pakistan.
;;0.0;;he also said that prime minister narendramodi would visit bhopal on february 18, where he would be felicitated for the new crop insurance scheme.
;;0.6369;;during a meeting with pakistan prime minister imran khan at the white house monday, us president trump said he had discussed the kashmir issue with prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of g-20 summit and that he would love to be a mediator.
;;-0.1779;;paying glowing tributes to former union minister arun jaitley, who died last month, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said his life inspires us to work harder for the nation.
;;0.0;;he said that prime minister narendramodi is committed to providing cheap aviation services to the citizens, adding, his dream is that even a poor person should fly in an aeroplane.
;;0.3612;;as asias power balance undergoes profound shifts today, prime minister narendramodi , like indira and rajiv gandhi before him, is reordering indias great-power relations.
;;-0.1779;;)the congress today hit out at prime minister narendramodi over his cavalier conduct of foreign policy at the commonwealth summit and bilateral meeting with british counterpart theresa may, saying it is hurting indias national interests.
;;-0.5106;;hitting out at both prime minister narendramodi and the bjp, togadia said neither any development took place, nor the ram temple was built in last four years by the government, which, he said, has failed on all fronts.
;;0.0;;in the evening, he met prime minister narendramodi , and it is highly likely that their consultations centred around gm crops.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi pays his last respects to the mortal remains of environment minister anil madhav dave at his residence in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.3182;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi pays his last respects to the mortal remains of environment minister anil madhav dave at his residence in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;referring to prime minister narendramodi modis new india slogan, he said, you are talking about new india?
;;0.4588;;a memorandum of understanding signed on wednesday between the israeli company aeronautics, a key player in the defence sector, and the defence wing of mahindra group for naval shipborne unmanned aerial vehicles (uavs) was one of the many significant ventures that took place on the sidelines of defence expo 2018, inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on thursday.
;;-0.6808;;prime minister narendramodi modis brief remark at a ceremony in lucknows ambedkar university on friday that india has lost her son and that he understands the pain, seeks to redeem the situation.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi said the railways will offer all possible assistance.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi said the railways will offer all possible assistance.
;;-0.6705;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on sunday said the jagdalpur-bhubaneswar express train derailment was saddening, condoling the loss of lives.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi meeting the president of russia, vladimir putin, in moscow, russia on december 24, 2015.
;;0.0;;(source: pib) prime minister narendramodi meeting the president of russia, vladimir putin, in moscow, russia on december 24, 2015.
;;0.0;;(source: pib)minister narendramodi on saturday reaffirmed indias time-tested ties with moscow when russian deputy prime minister dmitry rogozin called on him in new delhi.
;;0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi is clear that east and west should develop equally without discrimination and accordingly being a minister, who hails from extreme western part of the country (gujarat), i am here in the extreme eastern part to assess the progress of road development, he told reporters.
;;0.4404;;she asked workers to take the message to people that the country is safe only in the hands of prime minister narendramodi , a leader said.
;;0.0;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi will be to addressing the function on thursday.
;;-0.4201;;(pti/file photo)union minister m venkaiah naidu on sunday hit back at opposition parties for accusing prime minister narendramodi of being authoritarian, saying they had completely forgotten the dark days of emergency clamped by indira gandhi.
;;-0.9638;;b'prime minister narendramodi has been questioned on his long silence over the horrific crimes (photo source: pib/twitter) prime minister narendramodi has been questioned on his long silence over the horrific crimes (photo source: pib/twitter)as voices of protests and outrage snowballed to demand justice for the kathua and unnao victims, prime minister narendramodi was questioned for his long silence over the horrific crimes.
;;-0.4767;;amin was replaced as gca president two years ago when chief minister narendramodi took over along with former minister of state for home amit shah,who has been externed since nine months on court orders for his alleged involvement in sohrabuddin sheikh fake encounter case.
;;0.3612;;pitroda, who is credited with the telecom revolution in the country that began under late prime minister rajiv gandhi, said, i cant understand why prime minister narendramodi immediately tweeted about my comments and bjp president and other leaders addressed the media on what i said.
;;0.0;;not just farmers who cultivate pulses and oilseeds, but paddy farmers in the eastern belt  including the varanasi mandal, prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency  did not get the msp.
;;0.4939;;(source: reuters/file)at a show of strength in saharanpur thursday to mark two years of his government  and also virtually launch the bjps campaign for next years uttar pradesh assembly elections  prime minister narendramodi said that the dues to sugarcane growers had reduced, under his governments watch, from rs 14,000 crore to hardly rs 700-800 crore.
;;0.4215;;expressa nine-year-old black male labrador, attached to the security team of prime minister narendramodi , underwent dental surgery friday at the state-run guru angad dev veterinary and animal sciences university (gadvasu) of ludhiana, where it was admitted in the morning.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday paid tributes to former pm rajiv gandhi on his 28th death anniversary.
;;-0.4854;;chowkidar narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 21, 2019this comes days after pm modi, in a bitterly fought election campaign, had targeted congress chief rahul gandhi during a rally in uttar pradesh, saying, your father (rajiv gandhi) was termed mr clean by his courtiers, but his life ended as bhrashtachari no 1 (corrupt number 1).
;;0.0;;karnataka assembly elections 2018: prime minister narendramodi at an election rally in udupi.
;;0.0;;(file) karnataka assembly elections 2018: prime minister narendramodi at an election rally in udupi.
;;-0.5729;;speaking of insults, narendramodi needs to be more careful when he insults jawaharlal nehru.
;;-0.6705;;sinha, a vocal critic of prime minister narendramodi , alleged that democracy was under threat under the present government.
;;0.4404;;b'prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi on sunday urged all state governments to reach out to the students of jammu and kashmir in their respective states.
;;0.34;;keeping in line with prime minister narendramodi modis efforts to end usage of single-use plastics, indias e-commerce giant flipkart thursday announced it had achieved a 25 per cent reduction in single-use plastic as of august 1 through various initiatives across its packaging value chain.
;;0.5719;;b'with the water table dropping substantially in some parts of the country, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the government is constructing five lakh farming pools even as he urged people to resort to water conservation methods like creating small reservoirs.
;;0.0;;(file)external affairs minister sushma swaraj on monday revealed that prime minister narendramodi expressed displeasure to his british counterpart theresa may last month on uk courts raising a finger on the condition of indian jails during the extradition trial of fugitive liquor baron vijay mallya.
;;0.296;;b'chief minister arvind kejriwal claimed that prime minister narendramodi and lieutenant governor najeeb jung were creating hurdles for the delhi government.
;;0.296;;chief minister arvind kejriwal claimed that prime minister narendramodi and lieutenant governor najeeb jung were creating hurdles for the delhi government.
;;0.296;;meanwhile, chief minister arvind kejriwal claimed that prime minister narendramodi and lieutenant governor najeeb jung were creating hurdles for the delhi government.
;;-0.34;;just two days prior to his august 5 house arrest under preventive sections of the crpc, abdullah and his son omar, also a former chief minister, met prime minister narendramodi at his home along with a national conference delegation.
;;0.2023;;bangladeshi pm sheikh hasina and prime minister narendramodi (source: pmo/twitter) bangladeshi pm sheikh hasina and prime minister narendramodi (source: pmo/twitter)prime minister narendramodi modis joint press conference with his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina on saturday was marked by important announcements.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi listening to turkish president recep tayyip erdogan (unseen) during the india-turkey business summit, in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;pti photo by manvender vashist prime minister narendramodi listening to turkish president recep tayyip erdogan (unseen) during the india-turkey business summit, in new delhi on monday.
;;-0.3559;;pti photo by manvender vashistprime minister narendramodi on monday asserted that india was never a more promising investment destination than it is today as his government completes three years in office later this month.
;;-0.2177;;baglay said that kansas governors letter to prime minister narendramodi has been received but he was not at liberty to share the details.
;;-0.2732;;last week,pathak had collapsed during chief minister narendramodi modis address at the independence day function in bhuj.
;;-0.9032;;it was also decided that two memorandums would be submitted during this protest: one to prime minister narendramodi demanding that murder cases be registered against all the police personnel involved in the mandsaur firing and another to punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh demanding the loan waiver.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi should clarify his stand on this issue or else dmk would prepare itself for another language war.
;;-0.3612;;claiming that only congress had ensured constitutional rights for the muslims of the country, syed said: forces are busy disturbing harmony bjp leaders have become mere puppets under prime minister narendramodi and despite being elected mps, they have no power to assert their authority.
;;0.4767;;he also said he was impressed by prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and up chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.1027;;president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi , defence minister manohar parrikar, andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu will attend the event.
;;0.0;;bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi will start the partys general election campaign in uttar pradesh next month from the congress bastions of kanpur,jhansi and bahraich.
;;-0.8271;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi has urged prime minister dr manmohan singh to use his office to ensure the safety of indian victims in the nairobi terror attack that has left 62 people dead so far.
;;0.6486;;b'prime minister narendramodi with chief minister of jammu and kashmir mehbooba mufti at a meeting in new delhi pti prime minister narendramodi with chief minister of jammu and kashmir mehbooba mufti at a meeting in new delhi ptibjp on sunday slammed the opposition parties for their criticism of prime minister narendramodi modis kashmir policy, saying they were doing so to serve their political interests at a time when he was trying to take them along for restoration of peace in the valley.
;;0.3818;;the guidelines for the programme were issued in april and prime minister narendramodi has made it clear to the ministry that the scheme should take off as soon as possible.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi with m venkaiah naidu on tuesday.
;;0.0;;pti photo pm narendramodi with m venkaiah naidu on tuesday.
;;-0.5423;;pti photothe congress friday petitioned the election commission to take action against prime minister narendramodi for violating the model code of conduct in kerala through his comparison of the state with somalia.
;;-0.5859;;watch video | uttarakhand polls: bjps ajay bhatt, former uttarakhand cm pokhriyal cast votesread | assault on shaktiman: bjp mla ganesh joshi arrestedwith uttarakhand going to polls wednesday, joshi is on the final leg of his campaign in mussoorie, and all that he wants to talk about is prime minister narendramodi , or even us president donald trump.
;;0.3612;;when trump was asked after his victory how he would work, he replied, i will work like narendramodi , says joshi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis much-anticipated visit to israel will likely take place later this year in what would be the first such tour by an indian premier to the jewish state, according to a media report.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis much-anticipated visit to israel will likely take place later this year in what would be the first such tour by an indian premier to the jewish state, according to a media report.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis much-anticipated visit to israel will likely take place later this year in what would be the first such tour by an indian premier to the jewish state, according to a media report.
;;0.3182;;in 2011, when then chief minister narendramodi was pitching for the countrys top job, he launched the sadbhavana mission to build bridges with the alienated minority community.
;;0.0;;when asked whether narendramodi would be the partys prime ministerial candidate in the 2014 lok sabha polls,shah said,the partys parliamentary board will decide on that.
;;-0.296;;the offence is now non-bailable with a term of life imprisonment, the pamphlet, which carries the pictures of prime minister narendramodi , chief minister vijay rupani and deputy chief minister nitin patel.
;;-0.9349;;watch what else is making news:the ministry statement blamed the government of indian prime minister narendramodi , saying it was exploiting recent tensions over cross-border violence in the disputed territory of kashmir.
;;0.5719;;china was unrelenting in thwarting indias nsg bid despite prime minister narendramodi urging chinese president xi jinping during a meeting in tashkent on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation summit to support indias case on its merits.
;;0.6808;;b'prime minister narendramodi on saturday will inaugurate a national legislators conference (pti photo/file) prime minister narendramodi on saturday will inaugurate a national legislators conference (pti photo/file)prime minister narendramodi on saturday will inaugurate a national legislators conference which would work as a platform to allow lawmakers to learn from each others success stories.
;;-0.743;;the sp patron also attacked prime minister narendramodi and dubbed him as a liar.
;;-0.296;;pti photothree days after prime minister narendramodi accused the ruling sp of discriminating between communities in uttar pradesh and said if a village gets a kabristan (graveyard), it should also get a shamshaan (cremation ground), bjp president amit shah came up with the kasab acronym to describe his partys rivals.
;;0.0;;shah said only a bjp government under the leadership of narendramodi can develop the state.
;;0.4019;;india is in the throes of a violent clash between advocates of freedom of speech and the government of prime minister narendramodi and its political allies on the hindu right determined to silence dissent, the new york times (nyt) said in an op-ed piece.
;;0.4588;;ptias prime minister narendramodi received visiting crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan at the airport on tuesday  for the second time in less than a year, signalling warmth in ties  new delhi is looking to raise the issue of organisation of islamic cooperation (oic)s repeated statements on kashmir with the visiting leader.
;;0.1027;;explained indias stand: talks, terror cant go together imran khans call for talks after narendramodi modis emphatic win was expected.
;;-0.5994;;read | narendramodi in gujarat: next 5 years chance for india to regain global standingminutes later, the ministry of external affairs in delhi said: recalling his initiatives in line with his governments neighbourhood first policy, prime minister modi referred to his earlier suggestion to the prime minister of pakistan to fight poverty jointly.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah will be in attendance at the event.
;;0.0;;he is believed to be close to pm narendramodi and has also served as agriculture minister in previous bjp government in the state.
;;-0.6808;;interacting with media after talks with his indian counterpart narendramodi on key regional and bilateral issues including security situation in the region, sri lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe also stressed that even if saarc falls apart, cross-border terrorism will not end so india has to see how to move forward in dealing with it.
;;-0.8271;;(source: ap)economic ties and cooperation in the fight against terrorism are expected to dominate the bilateral talks prime minister narendramodi and turkish president recep tayyip erdogan will have here on monday.
;;-0.4588;;on november 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi announced the withdrawal of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes to flush out high-denomination fake currency, mostly printed in pakistan.
;;0.0;;he said the decision to host 51 countries at the ifr is in sync with prime minister narendramodi modis act east policy.
;;0.0;;b'new delhi: prime minister narendramodi chairing the 3rd governing council meet of the niti aayog, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo new delhi: prime minister narendramodi chairing the 3rd governing council meet of the niti aayog, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.5719;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi modis vision for india 15 years from now has been clearly articulated by the niti aayog.
;;-0.7186;;the shiv sena today hailed the development works done by successive congress governments at the centre and again targeted prime minister narendramodi , saying he is not ready to admit the chaos created by the note ban exercise.
;;0.4019;;family members of netaji subhas chandra bose have sought the help of gujarat chief minister narendramodi for declassification of all secret files concerning the iconic leader.
;;0.8225;;netaji belonged to the entire nation,so we extend our appeal to you for your kind support in demanding from the prime minister that the central government must release in public domain all records to help unravel the mystery about his fate and bring a closure to the issue, read the letter written to narendramodi .
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with his swedish counterpart stefan lofven in stockholm on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with his swedish counterpart stefan lofven in stockholm on tuesday.
;;0.9217;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asserted that sweden has been a strong supporter of the make in india initiative from the beginning as both the countries agreed to deepen their collaboration through a strategic innovation partnership for a win-win outcome and strengthen defence and security cooperation.
;;0.5709;;read | narendramodi in sweden live updatesi believe that the most important topic in our talks today was how sweden can have a win-win partnership with india on the opportunities arising out of indias development.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (l) and swedens prime minister stefan lofven (r) walk from sagerska house to the government building rosenbad in stockholm, sweden.
;;0.0;;(reuters photo) prime minister narendramodi (l) and swedens prime minister stefan lofven (r) walk from sagerska house to the government building rosenbad in stockholm, sweden.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi takes a short walk with the prime minister of sweden, stefan lofven from sager house to rosenbad, in stockholm, sweden on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi takes a short walk with the prime minister of sweden, stefan lofven from sager house to rosenbad, in stockholm, sweden on tuesday.
;;0.5994;;nearly 100 raj bhavan staff in shillong had petitioned president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh seeking their intervention to remove shanmuganathan and restore the dignity of raj bhavan.
;;0.0;;but what caused the last-minute cancellation was prime minister narendramodi hosting a dinner for the council of ministers, which parrikar had to attend.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi will receive the goalkeepers global goals award from the bill & melinda gates foundation (bmgf) next week.
;;-0.7783;;mayawati said prime minister narendramodi had not fulfilled the promises made before 2014, and warned her workers that they would have to make the masses see through the promises that will be made again.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah.
;;0.3182;;(file photo)after leading the bjp to a full majority in the 2014 lok sabha elections, prime minister narendramodi virtually took it upon himself to facilitate a tighter embrace between the bjp and dalits.
;;0.7259;;even prime minister narendramodi did not speak on contentious issues like ram temple at ayodhya and scrapping of article 370 of the constitution conferring special status to jammu and kashmir and instead sought votes in the name of development and eradication of corruption during electioneering in up and other states, paswan said at a press conference.
;;-0.128;;prime minister narendramodi modis belated castigation of cow vigilantism followed by the vhps demand for a gau mantralaya, a cow helpline.
;;-0.4939;;delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal has urged prime minister narendramodi to restore the sugar subsidy in its entirety keeping the hardship of the poor in mind.
;;0.5859;;police review security set-up for modi rallynew delhi: the delhi police has begun preparations to provide security for narendramodi modis rally,scheduled to be held at japanese park,rohini,on sunday.
;;-0.4019;;at a rally in jharkhand in the run-up to the 2014 lok sabha polls, giriraj had said that those criticising narendramodi should be sent to pakistan.
;;0.2263;;with ministers like giriraj, prime minister narendramodi does not need the opposition to expose his partys sectarian politics.
;;0.0;;six stations, including varanasi, prime minister narendramodi modis constituency, and gorakhpur are part of the 2175 stations which have been selected for installing two lakh screens that would update passengers about arrivals, departures, seat availability, platform berthing and other related information round-the-clock.
;;-0.3182;;b n navalawala,advisor to chief minister narendramodi for water related issues,told the indian express that there are canals of large dams other than the sardar sarovar dam,which are over 25 years old and lack maintenance and repairs.
;;0.0;;b'bihar chief minister nitish kumar met pm narendramodi today in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/pmo) bihar chief minister nitish kumar met pm narendramodi today in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/pmo)bihar chief minister nitish kumar on saturday met prime minister narendramodi in the national capital, a day after he skipped the luncheon meeting organised by congress president sonia gandhi for opposition leaders.
;;0.5574;;shukla was later transferred to ahmedabad where he was felicitated by chief minister narendramodi at a chintan shibir of 2009 for doing remarkable work as a collector of banaskantha during 2006-07.
;;0.7717;;b'in a possible indication of support for narendramodi as bjps prime ministerial candidate,its national vice president smriti irani today said the country and the party cadres were sure of their choice and it was now for the parliamentary board to decide.
;;0.0;;rajnath singh evades questions on modibjp president rajnath singh and the partys senior leader narendramodi dodged all questions about the latters possible projection as bjps prime ministerial candidate,after they arrived here for the partys national executive meeting today.
;;-0.296;;the bjp president refused to answer questions about gujarat chief minister narendramodi at the airport.
;;-0.34;;further in the discussion, sitaram yechury drew the attention of the panel to prime minister narendramodi modis remarks in haridwar on friday warning the congress to hold its tongue saying he had everyones janam patri (horoscope).
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , who took time out to laud akshay kumars toilet: ek prem katha on social media, has also remained silent on the treatment of padmaavat.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will arrive here tomorrow to be the chief guest at the un day of vesak conference to be held from may 12 to 14.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi modis to address the need to electrify the remaining 18,452 unelectrified villages by may 1, 2018.
;;0.0;;(source: ap) prime minister narendramodi modis to address the need to electrify the remaining 18,452 unelectrified villages by may 1, 2018.
;;0.0;;in view of the prime minister narendramodi modis address to the nation on the independence day, the government has decided to electrify the remaining 18,452 unelectrified villages within 1,000 days i.
;;-0.25;;leading by examplewhile some bjp mps are hesitant to pick a second village for the adarsh gram yojana, prime minister narendramodi has already adopted nagepur village, not far from jayapur, the first village he had adopted.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with finance minister arun jaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with finance minister arun jaitley during the launch of startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi.
;;0.128;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi has just launched the start-up india scheme, first alluded to on independence day last year.
;;0.4404;;the visiting dignitary is scheduled to hold talks with prime minister narendramodi on key bilateral, regional and international issues later in the day.
;;0.0;;(stephane de sakutin, pool via ap)prime minister narendramodi congratulated french president-elect @emmanuelmacron through two tweets around 7.
;;0.0;;yogi adityanath with pm narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah, former up cm akhilesh yadav and deputy cm keshav prasad maurya at the swearing-in in lucknow, sunday.
;;0.0;;vishal srivastav yogi adityanath with pm narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah, former up cm akhilesh yadav and deputy cm keshav prasad maurya at the swearing-in in lucknow, sunday.
;;0.0;;vishal srivastavyogi adityanath, five-time bjp mp from gorakhpur, took oath on sunday as the chief minister of up along with two deputy chief ministers and 44 ministers in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah, at least 11 union ministers, chief ministers of nine states and the deputy chief minister of j&k.
;;0.3612;;a day after us president donald trump called up prime minister narendramodi , asking india and pakistan to work towards reducing tensions in kashmir, us defence secretary mark t esper spoke to defence minister rajnath singh tuesday and appreciated indias position that the recent developments in jammu & kashmir are an internal matter of india.
;;0.3818;;he said there is a big gap in promises made by prime minister narendramodi and their delivery.
;;0.743;;prime minister narendramodi on friday condoled the demise of super cop k p s gill, saying he will be remembered for his service to the nation in the fields of policing and security.
;;0.3818;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi today invoked mahatma gandhis economic philosophy to emphasise that the development of country could only be achieved through the growth of villages.
;;0.3612;;the bjp leaders are also planning to bring chief ministers like narendramodi and arjun munda during to attend the rally.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi addressed ncc cadets and officers at a rally in delhi.
;;0.1901;;while adityanath assured sharma of fast-tracking the projects that the union minister had announced over the last two years but which could not take off, the duo also discussed plans to change the faces of five cities  including the constituencies of prime minister narendramodi (varanasi) and the new cm (gorakhpur)  ahead of the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.25;;a day after retiring as additional chief secretary in the cmo,chief minister narendramodi modis close confidant kuniyil kailashnathan,popularly called kk,was on saturday appointed as chief principal secretary to the cm,a post specially created for him.
;;-0.3818;;b'prime minister narendramodi , sources said, was annoyed with the timing and tone of the directive.
;;-0.3818;;(express photo by praveen jain/file) prime minister narendramodi , sources said, was annoyed with the timing and tone of the directive.
;;-0.7964;;(express photo by praveen jain/file)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday ordered the information and broadcasting ministry to withdraw its order laying down new guidelines punishing journalists for fake news after widespread criticism that these norms were an attempt to intimidate and muzzle the free press in an election year.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi offering tributes at the statue of madan mohan malviya (ani photo) pm narendramodi offering tributes at the statue of madan mohan malviya (ani photo)pm narendramodi in varanasi, offers prayers at kashi vishwanathprime minister narendramodi offered prayers at kashi vishwanath temple in varanasi on saturday.
;;0.9153;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday thanked the people of odisha for their support to the bjp in the ongoing panchayat polls with the party continuing to fare well in the second phase of the elections, winning over a third of the zilla parishad seats that went to the polls.
;;0.7845;;mexico, however, made good of its promise to back indias bid at the meeting after prime minister narendramodi sought their support during his recent visit to the country.
;;-0.2263;;the gujarat high court has kept the hearing of a petition demanding summons to chief minister narendramodi and four others by the nanavati-mehta commission for december 16.
;;0.743;;i respect the mandate of the people and congratulate prime minister narendramodi for emerging victorious for the second time.
;;0.6908;;captain amarinder singh (file photo) captain amarinder singh (file photo)punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh on thursday sought prime minister narendramodi modis support in allowing the state government to sell its surplus power to pakistan or nepal in the economic interest of the state which is facing a cash crunch.
;;-0.34;;his comments came minutes after prime minister narendramodi , in his speech, indirectly referred to the disruptions in parliament.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi at sardar vallabhbhai patel international airport in ahmedabad on friday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by javed raja) pm narendramodi at sardar vallabhbhai patel international airport in ahmedabad on friday.
;;0.4939;;(express photo by javed raja)prime minister narendramodi on friday night arrived in ahmedabad where he was welcomed and felicitated by top leaders of bjp in gujarat.
;;0.0;;b'congress mp kv thomas, the former chairman of the public accounts committee of parliament, alleged that prime minister narendramodi , using his management skills, was able to manage the media and even the judiciary.
;;0.0;;congress mp kv thomas, the former chairman of the public accounts committee of parliament, alleged that prime minister narendramodi , using his management skills, was able to manage the media and even the judiciary.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi in haridwar on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: ani photo) pm narendramodi in haridwar on wednesday.
;;0.1027;;(source: ani photo)prime minister narendramodi has reached haridwar where he inaugurated a research centre at baba ramdevs patanjali yogpeeth.
;;0.0;;(source: ani photo) (source: ani photo)12:54 pm: pm narendramodi with baba ramdev at patanjali research institute,patanjali yogpeeth in haridwar.
;;0.0;;advertisinghis visit comes before prime minister narendramodi is slated to meet us president donald trump during the g20 summit on june 28 and june 29 in japan.
;;0.296;;b'narsingh yadav had even appealed for intervention by prime minister narendramodi to absolve him of any wrongdoings.
;;0.296;;(source: pti) narsingh yadav had even appealed for intervention by prime minister narendramodi to absolve him of any wrongdoings.
;;-0.5994;;days after his month-long swami vivekananda yuva vikas yatra that ended at pavagadh in vadodara district on october 11,chief minister narendramodi has started a detailed swot (strengths,weaknesses,opportunities,threats) analysis of all 182 assembly seats.
;;0.0;;cm to meet rss chief todaynagpur: chief minister narendramodi will be meeting the rss leadership here on sunday.
;;0.0;;jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti wednesday called on prime minister narendramodi and discussed various issues pertaining to the state including the law and order situation.
;;-0.5994;;the revival of the akhand bharat issue may also adversely impact relations between india and pakistan, which the recent meeting between narendramodi and nawaz sharif seemed to have brought back on track until the pathankot attack.
;;0.6369;;b'the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday gave its approval for creation of a supernumerary post in the rank of air marshal in the indian air force for a period of 17 months, from december 1, 2014 to april 30, 2016.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with cabinet ministers at the parliament house.
;;0.0;;(file photo: by prem nath pandey) prime minister narendramodi with cabinet ministers at the parliament house.
;;-0.9468;;in his first comments on the incidents of rape of a 17-year-old in unnao in uttar pradesh and the sexual assault and murder of an eight-year-old girl kathua in the jammu region, prime minister narendramodi had last week said that no criminal will be spared and daughters will get justice.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with veteran leader l k advani and external affairs minister sushma swaraj at the bjp parliamentary meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(photo: anil sharma) prime minister narendramodi with veteran leader l k advani and external affairs minister sushma swaraj at the bjp parliamentary meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.9245;;(photo: anil sharma)calling it an ideological victory for the bjp in tripura, and terming the wins in nagaland and meghalaya as big wins, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked party mps at a parliamentary party meeting to not belittle the significance of the victory in tripura.
;;-0.5267;;tu kaun hota hai judge ki tarah chor bolne wala (from the stage during election rallies, rahul gandhi has been calling prime minister narendramodi a thief.
;;0.2732;;(source: pti)arguing that prime minister narendramodi modis graveyard-cremation ground speech sunday was an attempt to vitiate the atmosphere in uttar pradesh and polarise society in the name of religion, the opposition congress on monday asked the election commission to take cognizance of his remarks and issue a notice to him as well as the bjp and take action.
;;-0.1027;;pm narendramodi took to twitter to pay his tributes to apj abdul kalam on his 85th birth anniversary.
;;-0.1027;;(source: file photo) pm narendramodi took to twitter to pay his tributes to apj abdul kalam on his 85th birth anniversary.
;;0.0;;(source: file photo)prime minister narendramodi on saturday paid tributes to former president and the missile man a. p. j. abdul kalam on his 85th birth anniversary.
;;-0.9468;;(source: pti photo)around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister narendramodi said in rajya sabha on wednesday, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
;;0.2732;;expressing concern over such a situation, he referred to prime minister narendramodi modis statement that he is committed to repealing one law every day.
;;0.0;;(express photo: praveen khanna)taking a swipe at prime minister narendramodi for a cbi raid at the delhi secretariat, chief minister arvind kejriwal said if the investigating agency searched his residence, it would find nothing, but only unaccounted mufflers.
;;0.0;;russian president vladimir putin with pm narendramodi at brics summit.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) russian president vladimir putin with pm narendramodi at brics summit.
;;0.946;;the victim, on the other hand, expressed confidence of getting justice following prime minister narendramodi modis assurance that the countrys daughters would definitely get justice.
;;0.7506;;in a bid to replicate the success of using hologram technology during the then prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis rallies in 2014, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) will now introduce a three-dimensional hologram of maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis through a mobile app.
;;0.0;;the most keenly-watched constituency, varanasi, from where prime minister narendramodi is contesting for a second term, saw 57.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will lay the foundation stone for the new building on thursday, and the 70-room building on deen dayal upadhyay marg in the national capital is expected to be inaugurated in another two years on atal bihari vajpayees birthday  december 25.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and german chancellor angela merkel in bengaluru in 2015.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and german chancellor angela merkel in bengaluru in 2015.
;;0.0;;khattar said prime minister narendramodi is concerned about water conservation.
;;0.4404;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi will be in washington dc this week to attend the fourth and last nuclear security summit (nss)  the series was launched by us president barack obama in washington in 2010.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at the parliament house, new delhi.
;;0.0;;(source: file photo) prime minister narendramodi at the parliament house, new delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis radio show mann ki baat has completed seven episodes in 2016.
;;0.7506;;students listen to prime minister narendramodi modis address, at government model school in sector 10, chandigarh, on friday; photo: sahil walia, kamleshwar singhattendance was surprisingly high in almost all the city government and private schools friday, as students as well as parents came to watch the live telecast of prime minister modis interaction with meritorious students from across the country.
;;0.6705;;watch video: pm narendramodi interacts with students on the eve of teachers day[app users click here to see video]the private schools made the arrangements for the programme in their respective school auditoriums, smart classes and audio-visual rooms.
;;0.0772;;this comes even as prime minister narendramodi , addressing the 14th conference of parties to the un convention to combat desertification on monday, mentioned that we are focusing on zbnf.
;;0.4019;;superstar rajnikanth on sunday lauded the centre for abrogating article 370 which gave special status to jammu and kashmir, and likened the duo of prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah to krishna and arjuna.
;;0.2732;;this initiative of the haryana government has been lauded by prime minister narendramodi , who said the scheme should be implemented in other states as well.
;;0.0;;nayan sinha, who lives in uttar pradeshs unnao district and studies in chandrashekhar azad intermediate college, wrote to prime minister narendramodi last september.
;;0.2732;;the meeting between the two leaders assumes significance as it comes ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis expected visit to indonesia later this month.
;;0.4767;;the two-way trade recorded $109 billion  a number five times greater than 10 years ago, a record number of indian students were studying in the us, there has been a record nine meetings between prime minister narendramodi and president barack obama and more americans travelled to india than ever before.
;;0.5423;;bihar chief minister and jd(u) national president nitish kumar (source: pti photo) bihar chief minister and jd(u) national president nitish kumar (source: pti photo)five days after prime minister narendramodi praised bihar chief minister nitish kumar for imposing prohibition in response to his gesture to support demonetisation, bihar bjp has decided to participate in a human chain programme by the states prohibition and excise department to spread awareness about benefits of liquor ban on january 21.
;;0.5719;;(source: press information bureau)prime minister narendramodi on friday kicked off his two-nation tour starting with visit to vietnamese capital hanoi on september 2-3 to deepen ties in key areas of defence, security and trade, and oil exploration.
;;0.0;;learn more: pm narendramodi aims for a productive g20 summiton august 12, chinese foreign minister wang yi visited new delhi possibly to firm up the agenda for the talks between president jinping and prime minister modi.
;;0.6486;;share this article related article india, pak agree to remain in touch: foreign secys break the ice, remain frostyindia, pak agree to remain in touch: foreign secys break the ice, remain frosty shiv sena on indo-pak fs meet: 'we know the outcome, it's futile'shiv sena on indo-pak fs meet: 'we know the outcome, it's futile' india, pak foreign secretary talks likely to be held in janindia, pak foreign secretary talks likely to be held in jan india, pak to reschedule foreign secretary-level talks: meaindia, pak to reschedule foreign secretary-level talks: mea foreign secretary s jaishankar breaks pak ice to clear way for talksforeign secretary s jaishankar breaks pak ice to clear way for talks foreign secretary s jaishankar raises concerns on cross-border terrorism with pakistanthe telephone conversation between jaishankar and chaudhary took place shortly after national security advisor ajit k doval returned from paris at about 11 am on thursday and briefed prime minister narendramodi on his assessment of the action taken by the pakistan government.
;;0.5859;;dholera is going to give them an answer, rupani said, adding that prime minister narendramodi modis dream is going to be fulfilled in dsir.
;;0.5859;;dholera is going to give them an answer, rupani said, adding that prime minister narendramodi modis dream is going to be fulfilled in dsir.
;;-0.4215;;b'prime minister, narendramodi (file photo) prime minister, narendramodi (file photo)for all its tough talk on corruption, the modi governments actions have only weakened the anti-corruption reforms in the country.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi on monday said that 1.
;;-0.1779;;indian prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin (r) shake hands after making a statement on the sidelines of the st. petersburg international economic forum (spief), russia, june 1, 2017.
;;-0.1779;;(reuters/grigory dukor) indian prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin (r) shake hands after making a statement on the sidelines of the st. petersburg international economic forum (spief), russia, june 1, 2017.
;;0.4576;;(reuters/grigory dukor)prime minister narendramodi travelled to russias most interesting city, st. petersburg, today to meet russian president vladimir putin, to mark 70 years of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the former soviet union and india  remarkably, both countries did this even before india became independent two months later in 1947  and participate in the st petersburg international economic forum (spief) on june 2, where india and serbia are the guest countries this year.
;;-0.7485;;shah said since independence, pm narendramodi has been the most bitterly criticised figure.
;;-0.4404;;though narendramodi is the pm, you can criticise him, his policy and his ministers.
;;0.6705;;b'bjps delhi unit chief manoj tiwari bjps delhi unit chief manoj tiwaribjps delhi unit chief manoj tiwari today lauded the citizens for coming out for voting in mcd polls despite the hot weather, while exuding confidence that they have decided to join prime minister narendramodi modis journey of development.
;;0.7351;;the results of mcd polls will come out on april 26 but the fervour with which people have voted, it is clear delhi has decided to join the national development journey of prime minister narendramodi , he said.
;;0.0;;in his first visit to kerala after getting re-elected as prime minister, narendramodi will offer prayers at the sree krishna temple in guruvayur on saturday.
;;0.4767;;the supreme court monday agreed to examine whether it was permissible and proper for the central government and reserve bank of india (rbi) to restrict the deposit of demonetised currency till december 30, 2016, after prime minister narendramodi had declared that old notes could be deposited till march 31, 2017.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the first phase of sauni (saurashtra narmada avataran for irrigation) project in which nearly 10 dams and reservoirs of rajkot, jamnagar and morbi would be filled up with the water of narmada river.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the first phase of sauni (saurashtra narmada avataran for irrigation) project in which nearly 10 dams and reservoirs of rajkot, jamnagar and morbi would be filled up with the water of narmada river.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the first phase of sauni (saurashtra narmada avataran for irrigation) project in which nearly 10 dams and reservoirs of rajkot, jamnagar and morbi would be filled up with the water of narmada river.
;;0.0;;nearly ten dams of three districts would be filled up with water from narmada under the project, which would be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi at aji-3 dam site, rajkot district collector vikrant pandey said.
;;0.4019;;modi effectthe appointment of gujarat chief minister narendramodi as the head of the committee that would lead bjp in the 2014 lok sabha elections led to celebrations in the chandigarh unit of the party.
;;0.4927;;the personal website of prime minister narendramodi has got a new look as it has been upgraded to make it more attractive to the people.
;;0.4019;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi will address through video conferencing over 10,000 students at smart india hackathon aspiring to be young innovators.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi modis commitment to realpolitik is probably no less.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said that every indian should have a house by 2022, on the 150th anniversary of the countrys independence, and the government was working in this direction.
;;-0.2584;;when narendramodi was chief minister, he had written to the centre (regarding this), and had said that they were not giving the permission.
;;0.0;;(at that time) narendramodi would take me out for ice cream every evening and i became fat.
;;-0.5356;;arguing that lakhs of congress workers in kerala are deeply distressed and agitated by party mp shashi tharoors remarks that prime minister narendramodi should be praised whenever he says or does the right thing, the partys kerala unit chief mullappally ramachandran sought an explanation from the thiruvananthapuram mp.
;;-0.5267;;advertisingin his letter, ramachandran stated, it has been widely reported in the media that you have sought to justify prime minister narendramodi  in spite of the congress stand to the contrary which was reiterated by the congress president [sonia gandhi].
;;-0.7543;;tamil nadu opposition leader m k stalin (file photo) tamil nadu opposition leader m k stalin (file photo)in a scathing attack on prime minister narendramodi over the jallikattu issue, dmk today charged that he had time to meet actors and others but not the aiadmk mps who wanted to discuss about holding the banned bull taming sport in tamil nadu during pongal.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (right) with french president emmanuel macron in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(express photo by amit mehra) prime minister narendramodi (right) with french president emmanuel macron in new delhi.
;;0.0;;also read | pm modi, macron hold talkshere is the full text of the joint statement released by india and france*at the invitation of prime minister shri narendramodi , the president of the french republic, mr. emmanuel macron paid a state visit to india from 10 to 12 march 2018.
;;0.5859;;he asked party workers to observe the performance of prime minister narendramodi and apply it in the organisation to get desired results.
;;0.0;;the way mahatma gandhi and sardar patel worked for swaraj (self-rule), pm narendramodi has worked for surajya (good governance), jadeja said.
;;0.0;;he claimed what prime minister narendramodi has achieved in 100 days, congress could not do in 70 years.
;;0.7269;;read | jammu and kashmir will truly be integral part of india: amit shahhailing the passage of the bill as a momentous occasion in our parliamentary democracy, prime minister narendramodi , who was present in lok sabha, later tweeted: i salute my sisters and brothers of jammu, kashmir and ladakh for their courage and resilience.
;;-0.6705;;he said the narendramodi government will walk the extra mile for the people who have suffered and lost lives for three decades in kashmir.
;;0.5719;;he shrugs his shoulders as he remembers being locked up inside his house in valmiki colony, as prime minister narendramodi launched the initiative with a broom in his hand.
;;0.0772;;he said his government has given maximum emphasis on prime minister narendramodi modis call for a swachh bharat and has taken a number of steps for cleanliness.
;;-0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on august 6 had hit out at cow vigilantes, saying he felt enraged at such anti-social elements who indulged in crimes by the night and masqueraded as cow protectors by day.
;;0.0;;the address of prime minister narendramodi will be telecast live.
;;0.6705;;b'prime minister narendramodi in hyderabad prime minister narendramodi in hyderabadprime minster narendramodi on sunday asserted that the goods and service tax (gst) bill will take india closer to achieving financial equality, adding that the bill is an important legislation for ek bharat shreshth bharat (one india excellent india) initiative.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to take part in the lok sabha, where the bill will be tabled for the discussion.
;;0.0258;;rakhshanda jalil looks at the life of the famed poet and the enduring relevance of his workindias deflating footballsix i-league sides have written to prime minister narendramodi and fifa president gianni infantino, seeking their help in their clubs fight for survival.
;;0.34;;how is it that uddhav thackeray now goes to delhi and participates in a meeting which endorses narendramodi modis leadership for 2019 lok sabha polls?
;;0.6486;;india had in past also sought easier visa regime for its nationals and prime minister narendramodi on monday asked his counterpart theresa may to provide greater mobility for its students and researchers.
;;0.6597;;watch video: find out what pm narendramodi & british prime minister theresa may discussedthat means the indian nationals who frequently come to the uk and to fuel growth in both our countries, the entry process will become significantly easier, she said at the event organised by cii that was also attended by modi.
;;0.7506;;b'bjp workers carry a giant cut-out of prime minister narendramodi as they celebrate the partys victory in the up and uttarakhand assembly elections, at the party headquarters in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.7506;;pti photo by manvender vashist(pti3_11_2017_000231b) bjp workers carry a giant cut-out of prime minister narendramodi as they celebrate the partys victory in the up and uttarakhand assembly elections, at the party headquarters in new delhi on saturday.
;;-0.5106;;at a basic level, there has been a failure to understand the nature of the appeal that narendramodi had for the up electorate.
;;0.0;;this is what he said first: narendramodi thinks more about pak-occupied kashmir.
;;0.5106;;in his independence day address, prime minister narendramodi hit back, saying that the people of balochistan, gilgit and pakistan-occupied kashmir have expressed gratitude to him.
;;0.6908;;israel prime minister benjamin netanyahu extended his greetings to prime minister narendramodi on the occasion of international friendship day on sunday with a bollywood twist.
;;0.9153;;twitter.com/bqdv8qnfvj  israel in india (@israelinindia) august 4, 2019responding to the tweet, prime minister narendramodi hailed the friendship between the two countries, and wished his good friend benjamin netanyahu on friendship day.
;;-0.8519;;(source: file)the rss on sunday asked people to expose a handful of anti-social elements spreading violence and trying to disturb social harmony in the name of cow protection, after prime minister narendramodi accused them of creating tension and conflict in the society.
;;-0.4767;;the appeal from bjps ideological mentor came after prime minister narendramodi came down heavily on fake cow protectors at a public meeting in telangana and asked states to take stringent action against them.
;;0.5367;;with an economy that has grown more than six times since, prime minister narendramodi pitched a far more self-assured and confident india at the wef on tuesday.
;;-0.3612;;fadnavis said the results are an ample indication that people have accepted prime minister narendramodi modis note ban move and the state governments transparency plank.
;;-0.6858;;attacking prime minister narendramodi , he said, people are facing problems but it has no effect on the prime minister.
;;0.4767;;under prime minister narendramodi , delhi has been compelled to curb its enthusiasm for public argumentation.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi wished shikhar dhawan a speedy recovery after the india opener was ruled out of the ongoing icc world cup due to a fractured thumb.
;;0.0;;in picture, pm narendramodi (pti photo) in picture, pm narendramodi (pti photo)prime minister narendramodi will unveil translated volumes of vachana, penned by 12th century social reformer basavanna and other saints in 23 indian languages, on the social reformers birth anniversary today.
;;-0.7964;;the trinamool congress sunday wrote to the election commission complaining that the coverage of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the kedarnath shrine was in gross violation of the model code of conduct.
;;0.5106;;advertisingeven though the election campaign for the last phase of polling for 2019 lok sabha is over on may 17 at 6 pm, surprisingly narendramodi modis kedarnath yatra is being covered and widely televised for the last two days in all national as well as local media.
;;-0.1027;;the governor appointed lokayukta,but narendramodi challenged the appointment in the high court.
;;0.4767;;gujarat chief minister and senior bjp leader narendramodi on monday hailed aiadmks victory in the tamil nadu assembly polls,saying the partys win will influence national politics in the fight against corruption.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi during lok sabha elections was harping on national security as one of his main issues.
;;0.0;;he also appealed to everyone to keep yoga above politics and participate in the event on international yoga day in chandigarh in which prime minister narendramodi will also participate.
;;0.0;;on the occasion of international yoga day, lt gen k j singh, goc-in-c of western command said an effort will be made to bring prime minister narendramodi to the prc and interact with the bravehearts.
;;0.0;;the meet was addressed by chief minister narendramodi modis bete noire keshubhai patel,the tallest political leader from the community.
;;0.0;;on one side, are photographs of prime minister narendramodi washing the feet of sanitation workers during the kumbh mela.
;;0.222;;the narendramodi government has set a unique example of equality by giving reservation to the economically backward in the general category without cutting the share of others.
;;0.8074;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi on thursday lauded the defence scientists for the successful testing of interceptor missile and said it is a proud moment for the entire country.
;;-0.3182;;(file photo)ljp chief ram vilas paswan on thursday hit out at shiv sena chief uddhav thackerary for his remarks that the union minister had forcibly got a sentence added in last months nda resolution where the coalition partners announced they would fight the 2019 lok sabha elections under prime minister narendramodi modis leadership.
;;0.0;;watch indian express videos heremathur is here to overlook the preparations for prime minister narendramodi modis visit on sunday to launch ujjawala scheme.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with former afghanistan president hamid karzai in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;source: renuka puri prime minister narendramodi with former afghanistan president hamid karzai in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.128;;countering congress president rahul gandhis charge of rising incidents of anti-dalit attacks under the present bjp regime, the ljp chief said the narendramodi government has strengthened the legal framework to prevent atrocities against scs and sts.
;;-0.7184;;earlier on monday, rahul gandhi launched a blistering attack on prime minister narendramodi , saying the rights of scheduled castes and minorities are under threat.
;;-0.3818;;poster of the film on pm narendramodi (source: ians) poster of the film on pm narendramodi (source: ians)in a bolt from the blue, the censor board has refused to clear the modi ka gaon feature film based on prime minister narendramodi modis development agenda, one of the grounds being cited is the ongoing assembly elections in five states.
;;-0.4767;;his comments came a day after a letter was reportedly found in the house of a person arrested for alleged maoist links that talked about the ultras mulling rajiv gandhi-type incident and suggesting that prime minister narendramodi should be targeted during his road shows.
;;0.6597;;he also thanked prime minister narendramodi for promoting yoga and making it universal.
;;-0.7003;;after the problems caused to residents during the visit of prime minister narendramodi recently, the centre on monday issued an advisory that no inconvenience should be caused during visits of dignitaries.
;;0.5267;;exactly eight years later, chain of events in a politically unstable nepal, have brought him back to the chair, and what the prime minister designate valued the most was a congratulatory message from indian prime minister narendramodi looking forward to welcome dahal in delhi soon.
;;0.1027;;congress vice-president rahul gandhion tuesday attacked prime minister narendramodi and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal for playing politics of false promises.
;;0.1027;;(representational image) congress vice-president rahul gandhion tuesday attacked prime minister narendramodi and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal for playing politics of false promises.
;;0.1027;;(representational image)congress vice-president rahul gandhion tuesday attacked prime minister narendramodi and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal for playing politics of false promises as he set the tone of his partys campaign for upcoming civic polls in the national capital.
;;0.7579;;she has secured assurances from u.s. president donald trump, indian prime minister narendramodi and other world powers to start talks on boosting links.
;;-0.1531;;b'dmk working president and leader of opposition in tamil nadu assembly m k stalin (file) dmk working president and leader of opposition in tamil nadu assembly m k stalin (file)launching a scathing attack on prime minister narendramodi over the centres new rules on cattle trade, dmk working president and leader of opposition in tamil nadu assembly m k stalin said on wednesday that in modis regime, states have been reduced to municipalities and chief ministers are being treated like municipality leaders.
;;-0.7003;;coming out in support of former minister amit shah,chief minister narendramodi on sunday termed his arrest as unfortunate and claimed he was falsely implicated in the sohrabuddin sheikh fake encounter case.
;;0.0772;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi will be visiting gujarat for two days on june 29 and 30 to attend a number of events.
;;0.128;;peru is a founder member of the international solar alliance which was launched by prime minister narendramodi at the 2015 un climate change conference in paris.
;;0.0;;its future is bleak in the country and set-back to the congress and cpm in the north-east, shows that prime minister narendramodi will romp home again in the lok sabha polls, thakur said.
;;-0.5267;;reacting to the development, kejriwal immediately trained his guns at prime minister narendramodi and accused him of directing the l-g to refuse the trinamool congress chief permission.
;;-0.5994;;b'indias first prime minister jawaharlal nehru (archive photo) indias first prime minister jawaharlal nehru (archive photo)as nation pays tribute to jawaharlal nehru on his 52nd death anniversary, prime minister narendramodi on friday remembered the nations first prime minister.
;;0.2023;;during an event to celebrate the wed-2018 on june 5 in new delhi, environment minister harsh vardhan, in presence of prime minister narendramodi , pledged to eliminate single-use plastics from india by 2022.
;;0.5719;;(file photo)tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam on saturday thanked prime minister narendramodi for his support to jallikattu, an emotive issue which triggered mass protests across the state.
;;0.6249;;jitendra singh believes prime minister narendramodi is the thread who has done great work.
;;0.6249;;jitendra singh believes prime minister narendramodi is the thread who has done great work.
;;0.8779;;minister of state in prime ministers office (pmo) jitendra singh has heaped praise on prime minister narendramodi , saying he is like a thread who has done an outstanding work in the last two years to connect the entire country.
;;0.6597;;reports emerge that both prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah will attend the swearing-in ceremony on march 18 in dehradun even though the party has not finalised on a name yet.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with chinese president x jinping in wuhan, china.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@narendramodi) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president x jinping in wuhan, china.
;;-0.128;;(source: twitter/@narendramodi)in a move that could upset pakistan, prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping have agreed to undertake a joint india-china economic project in afghanistan at their first informal summit here, official sources said.
;;0.3818;;let us ensure that the gujarat of mahatma gandhi, sardar vallabhbhai patel, narmad, ravishankar raval, morari bapu, pramukh swami, narsinh mehta, mirabai  and that of narendramodi  keeps shining.
;;0.128;;(file)with prime minister narendramodi virtually indicating his governments inability to promulgate an ordinance to allow jallikattu, the dmk termed it as regrettable and said if chief minister o panneeselvam had taken an all party delegation to meet him, the feelings of the people of the state could have been expressed better.
;;0.0;;it will be compiled in a booklet that the government plans to publish before may 26, the day prime minister narendramodi took charge three years ago.
;;0.0;;this years annual g-20 summit held in osaka, japan, offered an expansive stage for prime minister narendramodi to kickstart his second international innings.
;;-0.4404;;rajya sabha went through an incomplete debate on demonetisation the first day of the session before a deadlock set in over the demand for the presence of prime minister narendramodi during the entire discussion.
;;0.0;;53 crore digital india project cell for automation of the administrative office of pondicherry university in the first phase as part of prime minister narendramodi modis digital india initiative, a release said.
;;-0.6486;;the national rural health mission (nrhm) employees working on a contractual basis in rajasthan have accused the state government of harassing them and their family members for allegedly taking part in a demonstration seeking permanent employment during prime minister narendramodi modis rally in jhunjhunu on march 8.
;;0.0;;b'congress president rahul gandhi congress president rahul gandhitaking a swipe at prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi on thursday listed the various information leaks that have come to light recently.
;;0.4019;;the party said the incident, which took place on september 14 in kanjhawla area of outer delhi, laid bare the hollowness of prime minister narendramodi modis appeal against any such act and proved that it was a mere rhetoric.
;;-0.7089;;the muslim community is extremely angry over the incident and a climate of tension is prevailing in the areasince staging these incidents are impossible without the political patronage of bjp and rss, they should also be acted against as per prime minister narendramodi modis appeal, he wrote.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping during last years brics summit in xiamen.
;;0.0;;(file) prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping during last years brics summit in xiamen.
;;0.7506;;(file)past midnight thursday, as prime minister narendramodi landed in this picturesque city of lakes, parks and gardens along the yangtze river, the big question that followed him was this: can he bridge the trust deficit with china, and its powerful president xi jinping?
;;0.4767;;it says the bjp is banking on the popularity of prime minister narendramodi and his work of the past five years.
;;0.6124;;the supreme court-appointed special investigation team on friday requested the court here to direct complainant zakia jafri to file a protest petition at the earliest over sits closure report giving a clean chit to chief minister narendramodi and 62 accused by her of playing a role on the 2002 post-godhra riots.
;;0.5267;;patnaik tuesday urged prime minister narendramodi to declare the states hit by major disasters as special focus states with benefits of the special category status for a specified period.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi will embark on a four-nation tour to mozambique, south africa, tanzania and kenya on wednesday aimed at shoring up economic ties, firm up maritime security and counter balance chinas growing influence in the resource-rich african continent.
;;-0.4767;;the poor show has prompted prime minister narendramodi to announce the setting up of a task force to prepare an action plan for the next three olympics games.
;;0.0;;read moreprime minister prime minister narendramodi on his way from the airport to the circuit house in surat, sunday.
;;0.1027;;narendra modi to inaugurate key projects in surat todayprime minister narendramodi reached surat, gujarat, on sunday on a two-day visit.
;;0.0;;irani, a first-time minister and the youngest in prime minister narendramodi modis ministerial council, also said that education in the previous government had become a political akhara (political battlefield) and that she had brought a more cohesive and consensual approach to the ministry.
;;-0.0772;;(source: express file photo)irked by prime minister narendramodi modis remarks over adversities faced by bjp, congress on friday hit back, accusing the ruling partys erstwhile avatar the jan sangh and rss of being collaborators of the british during the freedom struggle.
;;0.6369;;a deputy commissioner of police (dcp) of vadodara city on wednesday praised prime minister narendramodi modis vision for the country and compared the pms thrust on cashless economy to thomas edisons invention of the light bulb.
;;-0.6705;;in a video message issued before his arrest, saeed blamed the bonhomie between prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump for the latest action.
;;-0.6369;;(source: pti photo / tv grab)congress and other opposition parties today forced adjournment of rajya sabha twice demanding an apology from prime minister narendramodi over his remarks insulting his precedessors.
;;-0.0422;;b'prime minister narendramodi was more direct in demanding that diplomacy serve economic interests of the nation.
;;-0.0422;;prime minister narendramodi was more direct in demanding that diplomacy serve economic interests of the nation.
;;-0.0422;;prime minister narendramodi was more direct in demanding that diplomacy serve economic interests of the nation.
;;0.4019;;(in picture: prime minister narendramodi with iranian president hassan rouhani) during rouhanis visit, pm modi declared that india will support the construction of the chabahar-zahedan rail link so that chabahar gateways potential could be fully utilised.
;;-0.2263;;(in picture: prime minister narendramodi with iranian president hassan rouhani)iranians are well-known for their sense of diplomacy and professional diplomats are even, at times, experts at confusing their interlocutors.
;;0.4019;;during rouhanis visit, prime minister narendramodi declared that india will support the construction of the chabahar-zahedan rail link so that chabahar gateways potential could be fully utilised.
;;0.9099;;(source: pti)thanking prime minister narendramodi and bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah for reposing faith in him, state party chief vijay rupani, who was appointed as the new gujarat chief minister, asserted that his team is fully committed to harnessing aspirations of the poor, marginalised, farmers and youngsterhumbled and honoured at the opportunity to serve the state of gujarat and work for the welfare & all round development of the state.
;;0.9001;;i thank pm narendramodi & bjp president amit shah for reposing faith in a humble karyakarta like me & giving me this opportunity, rupani said in a series of tweets.
;;0.3612;;patel, who took charge as gujarats first woman chief minister after narendramodi took charge as the prime minister, citing age issues had in her facebook post earlier urged the bjp to relieve her from the coveted post.
;;0.6908;;watch video: 7th pay commission  historic, but not the way you thinkwith elections to the key states of uttar pradesh and punjab due next year, the bjp-led goverment is keen on ensuring that the achche din slogan of prime minister narendramodi resonates among the salaried class  where the core of the votebank rests.
;;0.0;;b'supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei, right, speaks with prime minister narendramodi during their meeting in tehran, iran.
;;0.802;;(photo: office of the iranian supreme leader via ap) supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei, right, speaks with prime minister narendramodi during their meeting in tehran, iran.
;;0.0;;a joint statement issued after prime minister narendramodi modis interaction with iranian president hassan rouhani said, .
;;0.8297;;prime minister narendramodi on friday told nepals deputy prime minister bimalendra nidhi that india is fully committed to strengthening the age-old ties of friendship and kinship between the people of both countries.
;;0.4019;;the biggest plus for mayawati, which her party leaders believe will nullify all other factors including the desertions, is that her two main rivals chief minister akhilesh yadav and prime minister narendramodi both have been in power and thus face anti-incumbency.
;;0.4215;;it will also give the chief minister an opportunity to parade his achievements in a manner similar to what prime minister narendramodi does with his monthly radio show.
;;0.4767;;bolstering counter-terror cooperation and highlighting indias economic reforms to woo investment will be high on the agenda of prime minister narendramodi modis six-day visit to germany, spain, russia and france beginning may 29.
;;0.6249;;earlier this month, delhi chief minister arvind kerjiwal wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi urging him to either get your sit to do something, or kindly wind-up this sit and allow the delhi government to set up an sit.
;;-0.8126;;b'christian priest father tom uzhunnalil (file image) christian priest father tom uzhunnalil (file image)kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan on thursday informed the state assembly that he would take up with prime minister narendramodi the issue of release of priest tom uzhunnalil, abducted by is terrorists in war-torn yemen last year.
;;-0.0258;;its surprising that narendramodi is missing from the biopic.
;;-0.128;;mahi has always been ice cool, while narendramodi carried a volatile temper.
;;0.3818;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi on saturday took a jibe at prime minister narendramodi after he told bureaucrats on friday to use social media to promote governments schemes, not oneself.
;;0.4767;;(source: inc)launching a scathing attack on the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and prime minister narendramodi , upa chairperson and former congress president sonia gandhi on saturday said that his pre-poll promises of combating corruption and ensuring inclusive development were only dramebazi and a trick to grab power.
;;0.2023;;ani photoafrica has been made top priority for indias foreign and economic policy, said prime minister narendramodi while addressing the 52nd annual general meeting of the african development bank at gandhinagar, tuesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with farooq abdullah national conference leader at sher-i-kashmir international convention centre (skicc) in srinagar where he inaugurated the 330mw kishenganga hydel project and also laid foundation of srinagar ring road.
;;0.0;;express photo by shuaib masoodi prime minister narendramodi with farooq abdullah national conference leader at sher-i-kashmir international convention centre (skicc) in srinagar where he inaugurated the 330mw kishenganga hydel project and also laid foundation of srinagar ring road.
;;0.0;;express photo by shuaib masoodiarriving in jammu and kashmir days after the announcement of a ceasefire for ramzan, prime minister narendramodi on saturday appealed to youths to return to the mainstream, calling himself a disciple of kashmiriyat.
;;0.0;;she noted that the issue is not leaving gujarat chief minister narendramodi and is coming back to hound him.
;;-0.4767;;bjp leader shahnawaz hussain told ani that the government has always worked for the poor adding that the nation has been progressing under prime minister narendramodi modis regime.
;;-0.5106;;instead they are blaming prime minister narendramodi , who, ever since assuming office, has dedicated his work for poor people, the bjp leader said.
;;0.4019;;a day after prime minister narendramodi announced a special package of rs 1.
;;-0.8201;;pm modi and the bjp are making concerted efforts to woo the mallah and julaha communities pm modi and the bjp are making concerted efforts to woo the mallah and julaha communitieswith next years uttar pradesh elections clearly weighing on his mind, prime minister narendramodi and the bjp are making concerted efforts to woo the marginalised boatmen (mallah) and weaver (julaha) communities even as modi got into a damage-control mode sunday with his emotive cry of shoot me but dont shoot dalits amid widespread criticism of attacks by cow vigilantes.
;;-0.5574;;in an official letter addressed to prime minister narendramodi , congress leader rahul gandhi tuesday requested centres assistance in tackling the flood situation in his lok sabha constituency wayanad, one of the severely affected areas in the state battered by torrential rainfall and landslides.
;;-0.4939;;his stern message came after prime minister narendramodi and he paid last respects here to the three of the four soldiers including a major who was killed in two separate encounters in kashmir on tuesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)much has been written in the past few days to analyse the assembly election results in tripura, nagaland and meghalaya.
;;0.5859;;while amit shah is possibly the first-ever president of an indian political party to have begun his tenure with an extensive tour of the northeast  he spent not less than two days in each of the eight states  it is prime minister narendramodi who has set a record of sorts through his personal outreach.
;;-0.2732;;(source: ani)after morning rains and dense fog engulfing shimla, himachal pradeshs state capital, prime minister narendramodi on thursday gave wings to the town by flagging off the countrys first low cost flight, under the centres  udan (ude desh ka aam nagrik) at jubbarhatti airport in the outskirts of shimla.
;;0.1531;;(illustration: c r sasikumar)on sunday, april 24, as prime minister narendramodi addressed a grand panchayati raj sammelan in jamshedpur, jharkhand mukti morcha (jmm) leaders deepak birua, shashi bhushan samad, niral purty, and mangal singh bobonga were held in preventive custody, while another jmm leader champai soren was kept under house arrest.
;;0.7906;;announcing al nahyans visit between january 24-26, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup on thursday said the dignitary would call on the president and the vice-president as well as hold discussions with prime minister narendramodi on bilateral, regional and global issues of common interest.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi with cabinet ministers after the reshuffle.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@narendramodi) pm narendramodi with cabinet ministers after the reshuffle.
;;0.6249;;lauding prime minister narendramodi , naidu said he is the hope of the nation and after long time the country has a combination of a stable government and an able leader.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi deserves appreciation for the surgical strikes across the line of control, said a sena cabinet minister.
;;0.296;;president maithripala sirisena, returning to the region from britain, is expected to arrive in new delhi in time to join prime minister narendramodi for dinner.
;;0.4215;;watch what else is making newsthe union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , has approved the proposal for transfer of two acres of land from the indian agricultural research institute (iari), new delhi to the vci on lease basis for a period of 99 years, an official statement said.
;;-0.8519;;ahmedabad: city-based ngo jan sangarsh manch on wednesday demanded that chief minister narendramodi should be arrested following the revelation of suspended ips officer d g vanzara in his resignation letter.
;;0.0;;he also asked why congress president sonia gandhi and bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi had not campaigned in each others constituencies.
;;0.0;;targeting the gujarat chief minister, kejriwal said, narendramodi should clarify his stand on vadra issue.
;;0.4215;;he scoffed at gujarat development model as promoted by chief minister narendramodi and described it as pr (public relations) manipulation,to manipulate the mindset of people.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi visits the prime minister of pakistan, nawaz sharifs home in raiwind, where his grand-daughters wedding is being held, at lahore, pakistan on december 25, 2015.
;;0.0;;(pib photo) prime minister narendramodi visits the prime minister of pakistan, nawaz sharifs home in raiwind, where his grand-daughters wedding is being held, at lahore, pakistan on december 25, 2015.
;;0.0;;(pib photo)it did not take long after the christmas day holding of hands between prime ministers narendramodi and nawaz sharif in lahore for india and pakistan to be back in a familiar rut.
;;0.0;;this was conveyed in his conversation with prime minister narendramodi on thursday.
;;-0.0865;;readgonda: prime minister gonda: prime minister narendramodi (pti)up elections 2017: sp, bsp for fractured mandate to have bargaining power, claims pm modithe sp and the bsp, after the third phase of polling, have realised that they have no chance of winning and so they have launched a new game, a new techniqueeven if we are defeated or our seats decrease, no one should get majority, prime minister narendramodi said on monday.
;;0.3182;;former minister of state for home and mahagujarat janta party (mjp) founder gordhan zadaphia has challenged chief minister narendramodi for a public debate on the alleged corruption in his government.
;;0.0;;(express photo by anil sharma)calling himself a up wala, prime minister narendramodi showcased two years of his government at the centre at a massive rally here today which, in effect, became a launchpad for the bjps campaign for the crucial uttar pradesh assembly elections next year.
;;-0.8402;;prime minister narendramodi expressed grief over the accident and wished speedy recovery to the injured.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at the inauguration of a fully-automatic cattle feed plant of sumul dairy in bajipura on monday.
;;0.0;;pti prime minister narendramodi at the inauguration of a fully-automatic cattle feed plant of sumul dairy in bajipura on monday.
;;0.2263;;ptiprime minister narendramodi arrived here on monday to inaugurate a slew of projects worth rs 400 crore at bajipura sumul plant and laid emphasis on how the state cooperatives should work together with the government to execute development projects.
;;0.0;;the gorkha janmukti morchas (gjm) trade union, darjeeling terai dooars plantation labour union (dtdplu), has written to prime minister narendramodi , seeking the centres intervention in rejuvenating the tea industry.
;;0.5267;;a fortnight ago, justice karnan had written an open letter to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to take action against what he described as high corruption at the judiciary.
;;-0.3818;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi took to twitter to slam prime minister narendramodi on the issue.
;;-0.7096;;on monday, prime minister narendramodi chaired an emergency meeting, in which the union labour minister bandaru dattareya was also present, to decide on the centres plan of action to preempt the trade strike called by agitating union workers.
;;0.4939;;b'prime minister narendramodi stated his governments intention to pursue the land boundary agreement (lba) with bangladesh.
;;0.4939;;alyssa ayresat a public meeting in assam a few days ago, prime minister narendramodi stated his governments intention to pursue the land boundary agreement (lba) with bangladesh.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to attend the world-renowned engineering and technology fair at hannover in germany in april next year, an official statement on wednesday said.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to be present at the world renowned engineering and technology fair, the commerce and industry ministry statement said.
;;-0.4939;;for many, it will be hard to reconcile this nawaz sharif with the one prime minister narendramodi staked so much political capital on, flying to visit him in december to the dismay of his own hawkish constituency.
;;0.0258;;b'prime minister narendramodi (source: pti) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti)fearing that it is losing ground in rural areas and among farmers, the bjp is set to organise four rallies to be addressed by prime minister narendramodi , party sources have said.
;;0.3818;;he appealed to prime minister narendramodi and cm fadnavis to not stand on ego and accept the demands put forth by the farmers.
;;0.4588;;the suit, that was worn by prime minister narendramodi during his meeting with us president barack obama, was sold to the highest bidder, laljibhai patel, a diamond baron and private airline owner based in surat, gujarat for an astounding rs 4.
;;0.0;;further, the nyt piece says journalists in the country have been facing increasingpressures since prime minister narendramodi took office in 2014, resulting in some even indulging in self-censorship.
;;0.34;;(source: reuters)the us has welcomed the $1 billion aid pledge made by prime minister narendramodi towards development in afghanistan.
;;0.5106;;people for ethical treatment of animals (peta), which has come under criticism from jallikattu supporters in the state and federation of indian animal protection organisations (fiapo) have written to mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and environment minister anil madhav dave in this regard, peta said in a statement.
;;0.0;;leader of the opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said prime minister narendramodi has pushed the country into a state of economic anarchy.
;;0.0;;b'heres a look at the five people who are close to gujarat chief minister narendramodi modi,the newly-anointed chairman of the bjp election campaign committee for the next general elections:k kailashnathanprincipal chief secretary in cmoprincipal chief secretary in chief minister office,the retied ias officer of 1979 batch looks after administrative affairs of narendramodi government.
;;-0.5574;;vijayan has also written a letter to prime minister narendramodi urging him to withdraw the ban.
;;-0.6597;;these steps taken by prime minister narendramodi since the kashmir agitations present round, and especially after the uri attack, seem to indicate a re-examination of the foundations of indias pakistans policy.
;;-0.8271;;charging prime minister narendramodi with taking the role of the reserve bank of india in implementing the note ban, chidambaram said the scheme benefited only the government and private banks, while the common man and small vendors were the worst hit.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and j&k cm mehbooba mufti.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi and j&k cm mehbooba mufti.
;;0.0;;bjp leader narendramodi has also not reacted on it, she said.
;;0.0;;we are preparing an elaborate programmes for celebration of two years rule of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister anandiben patel in gujarat.
;;0.886;;in his customary address to the joint sitting of the legislative assembly and legislative council at the start of the budget session, he also hoped that prime minister narendramodi modis bold efforts to reach out to pakistan, like his visit to lahore, would have positive impact on the state.
;;0.5423;;with a clamour in bjp for projecting gujarat chief minister narendramodi for the top post,the opposition party is in a fix as jd(u) is opposed to his candidature.
;;0.3182;;latching on to imfs projection of lower growth rate for india, congress on wednesday targeted prime minister narendramodi on demonetisation accusing him of derailing the countrys growth story.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi , in his hubris has managed to do what our enemies have failed since 1947, which is derail indias economic growth story, the party said.
;;0.8126;;aiadmk deputy general secretary t t v dinakaran (pti photo/file photo) aiadmk deputy general secretary t t v dinakaran (pti photo/file photo)aiadmk deputy general secretary t t v dinakaran congratulated the bjp for its victories in up and uttarakhand assembly polls while party rebel leader o panneerselvam credited pm narendramodi for the win.
;;0.7506;;panneerselvam, on the other hand, in a letter to prime minister narendramodi said, i congratulate you for the resounding victory of the bjp in the recent assembly elections.
;;0.0;;(source: pib)less than a week after the us, under president donald trump, pulled out of the p-5+1 nuclear deal with iran, prime minister narendramodi will be travelling to the black sea resort town of sochi for an informal summit with russian president vladimir putin on may 21.
;;0.0;;modi meets rss chiefahmedabad: gujarat chief minister narendramodi on thursday met rss chief mohan bhagwat here.
;;0.7906;;he said prime minister narendramodi himself had made several promises to make farming a beneficial venture with slogans like abki bar kisano ki sarkar.
;;0.8957;;listing official initiatives to strengthen the infrastructure for faster delivery of justice in the state,chief minister narendramodi on sunday urged the lawyer fraternity to use its intellectual prowess to defend the progress of gujarat.
;;-0.25;;after prime minister narendramodi modis long interview, in which he touched this part there was reaction by sartaj aziz, who said that india is reluctant to open talks because the kashmir issue might crop-up, this is not a correct position, memon said.
;;0.3182;;the railways, meanwhile, has decided to approach prime minister narendramodi for a solution since its financial position, due to shortfalls in earnings and a precarious operating ratio, remains on the edge.
;;0.0;;the delegation will on monday meet prime minister narendramodi on the issue.
;;0.6597;;b'disarray in bharatiya janata party after appointment of narendramodi to a key post ahead of polls continued to provide fodder to congress to take potshots at the main opposition party with a senior leader comparing developments in the saffron outfit with professional wrestling.
;;-0.3182;;for bjp, it is turning out to be a battle of prestige after prime minister narendramodi modis whirlwind campaign and war of words with kerala chief minister oommen chandy, and the party is keen to open its account in the assembly.
;;0.4215;;through a tweet, prime minister narendramodi asserted that the results underlined that people had showed faith in politics of development, one more time.
;;0.0;;the junagadh ropeway project got a push after narendramodi became prime minister.
;;-0.128;;it looks less a congregation of athletes and more a pre-election rally fest as the two political heavyweights dominate most of the posters here, apart from the giant hoardings featuring pm narendramodi who will open the games friday.
;;0.6597;;india and indonesia are finally finding each other again amid a power shift in the waters of asia india and indonesia are finally finding each other again amid a power shift in the waters of asiaduring his first visit to jakarta this week, prime minister narendramodi announced the elevation of bilateral ties to a comprehensive strategic partnership and outlined a shared maritime vision for the indo-pacific.
;;-0.4767;;independence of indias judiciary has been under attack on the part of prime minister narendramodi and his government since they have taken over, and im saying this with the sense of responsibility, aicc in-charge communications randeep singh surjewala said.
;;0.6808;;(express photo by praveen jain)india and france on saturday inked key pacts in the strategic areas of security, nuclear energy as well as protection of classified information after extensive talks between prime minister narendramodi and french president emmanuel macron.
;;0.4019;;pm narendramodi welcomes president of france emmanuel macron at the hyderabad house in new delhi ahead of the bilateral talks, mea spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted along with pictures of the two leaders.
;;0.1531;;nothing decided yet but modi among bjp frontrunners for pm candidatebjp chief nitin gadkari on sunday said it was still early to decide on the oppositions prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 elections but admitted that gujarat chief minister narendramodi was among the frontrunners.
;;0.4019;;even as late as in 2015, prime minister narendramodi got all government departments to sit down with isro and identify the areas where space technology could help them achieve their objectives.
;;0.0;;b'new delhi: prime minister narendramodi delivers his speech at niti aayogs first annual lecture on transforming india in new delhi on friday.
;;0.0;;pti photo/pib(pti8_26_2016_000053b) new delhi: prime minister narendramodi delivers his speech at niti aayogs first annual lecture on transforming india in new delhi on friday.
;;0.4588;;pti photo/pib(pti8_26_2016_000053b)ekta and mamata, unity and compassion, were the twin themes of the political consensus on kashmir, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday.
;;0.296;;pm narendramodi with khel ratna awardees shooter jitu rai, shuttler p v sindhu, wrestler sakshi malik and gymnast dipa karmakar on sunday.
;;0.296;;(source: pti) pm narendramodi with khel ratna awardees shooter jitu rai, shuttler p v sindhu, wrestler sakshi malik and gymnast dipa karmakar on sunday.
;;-0.2263;;amidst the din, several members demanded that prime minister narendramodi should be present in the house.
;;0.4939;;congress leader anand sharma said, kindly request the countrys prime minister narendramodi to come to the house.
;;0.4019;;eme aims to help jobless get training in 1,250 courses>chief minister narendramodi will give skill vouchers to first five trainees in surat on thursday to mark the beginning of a new trend of capacity building of unemployed people in the gujarat.
;;0.0;;pti photo(pti6_12_2017_000060b)on international yoga day on june 21, while prime minister narendramodi will perform yoga with scores of people in lucknow, thousands of farmers across the nation will spread on the floor to perform shavasana.
;;0.4939;;the framework agreement was signed on august 3, 2015 by muivah and the governments interlocutor r n ravi in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh.
;;0.5859;;as uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath turned 45 on monday, several political leaders including prime minister narendramodi , state governor ram naik, union ministers venkaiah naidu and arun jaitley, amit shah, mukhtar abbas naqvi, and many of his admirers greeted him on his birthday.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet, headed by prime minister narendramodi , approved pradhan mantri ujwala yojana with an outlay of rs 8,000 crore for three years, oil minister dharmendra pradhan told pti in new delhi.
;;0.0;;b'aap rubbished mishras allegations and pointed out that the same questions over the rs 2 crore donation were raised previously by prime minister narendramodi and union ministers nirmala sitharaman and arun jaitley.
;;0.0;;aap rubbished mishras allegations and pointed out that the same questions over the rs 2 crore donation were raised previously by prime minister narendramodi and union ministers nirmala sitharaman and arun jaitley.
;;0.0;;aap rubbished mishras allegations and pointed out that the same questions over the rs 2 crore donation were raised previously by prime minister narendramodi and union ministers nirmala sitharaman and arun jaitley.
;;0.3612;;officials say prime minister narendramodi modis possible visit to qingdao in china in june this year for the shanghai cooperation organisation summit is a key marker, and new delhi is keen to reset its relationship with beijing in 2018.
;;0.3612;;extending warm wishes to the nation on the occasion of national voters day, prime minister narendramodi , on wednesday, said that elections are celebrations of democracy, which communicate the will of the people.
;;-0.296;;the 2002 riots victims,mostly muslims,hit out at chief minister narendramodi as well as the muslim faces spotted at his sadbhavna mission fast venue on day ii.
;;0.0762;;meanwhile,ahmedabad police did not allow the victims of naroda patiya massacre and some voluntary organisations to sit on dharna in the locality against narendramodi on sunday.
;;0.0;;the statue of unity is taking shape in kevadia, gujarat, nearly four years since then chief minister narendramodi had laid its foundation stone on october 31, 2013.
;;-0.5719;;with the possible threat to bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis life from a reporter,a ban on free movement of journalists have been put at swarnim sankul-i,which houses chief minister and cabinet ministers offices.
;;0.34;;according to the ban,coming close on the heels of the snooping allegations against the narendramodi government,a journalist can enter in the newly constructed building in the heart of sardar patel secretariat in gandhinagar only after the clearance by the concerned ministers or officials that he/she seeks to meet via the on-duty security guards.
;;0.2617;;on friday,when saurashtra strongman and former congress mp vitthal radadiya joins bjp at a grand function in his hometown of dhoraji in rajkot district,it will not only be a big blow to the congress but will also help gujarat chief minister narendramodi with a weaker opposition.
;;0.1779;;there has been a growing chorus for holding bull taming sport jallikattu, with tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam writing to prime minister narendramodi , urging the centre to consider promulgating an ordinance to enable the conduct of the sport.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at the red fort on the 70th independence day in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(express photo by renuka puri) prime minister narendramodi at the red fort on the 70th independence day in new delhi.
;;0.4019;;with an eye on chinas pro-active moves in the indian ocean region, india will strengthen defence partnerships with at least two key projects in the maldives as prime minister narendramodi visits the island nation in his first bilateral visit in the second term.
;;0.886;;b'anamika mishra said that she had written letters to prime minister narendramodi and chief justice of india justice dipak misra requesting them to provide financial help for their treatment or allow them to end their lives.
;;0.886;;anamika mishra said that she had written letters to prime minister narendramodi and chief justice of india justice dipak misra requesting them to provide financial help for their treatment or allow them to end their lives.
;;0.886;;anamika mishra said that she had written letters to prime minister narendramodi and chief justice of india justice dipak misra requesting them to provide financial help for their treatment or allow them to end their lives.
;;0.4019;;anamika mishra said, in the past after writing a letter (with blood) to prime minister narendramodi and then president pranab mukherjee, seeking help, a financial assistance of rs 50,000 was given.
;;-0.4404;;kohlis comment came in the wake of prime minister narendramodi expressing his concerns over the recent attacks on people of the dalit community.
;;0.6705;;he said prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj must talk to the us government and ensure indians working in america are protected.
;;0.9313;;(file photo)with the bharatiya janata party registering a resounding win in the delhi mcd polls, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday thanked the people of delhi for putting faith in the party.
;;-0.705;;us president donald trump has asked pakistan prime minister imran khan to moderate rhetoric with india over kashmir hours after prime minister narendramodi , in a telephonic conversation, told him that extreme rhetoric and incitement to anti-india violence by certain leaders in the region was not conducive to peace, pti reported.
;;0.1779;;under normal circumstances, the rise of the bjp across the country and prime minister narendramodi modis aggressive brand of politics would have helped the shiv sena expand and consolidate its presence in maharashtra.
;;0.5927;;but when the shiv sena-bjp alliance was at its peak through the eighties and nineties, narendramodi was not a national figure, nor was he in the good books of atal behari vajpayee.
;;0.0;;however, bjp leaders indicated that if the shiv sena, through saamna, makes derogatory comments against prime minister narendramodi , it will not tolerate.
;;0.0;;baamir khan aamir khanamid the controversy over actor aamir khan being removed as the brand ambassador of the incredible india campaign, prime minister narendramodi is learnt to have sought a report from the tourism ministry.
;;0.6597;;the central leadership of the party, led by prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah, believes that maharashtra will lead the nation towards rebuilding new india in 2019.
;;-0.1531;;in an interaction at aaj tak, he said rajiv gandhi might have bowed under pressure on muslim womens rights but prime minister narendramodi will stand solidly with them.
;;0.7906;;addressing a rally in up, prime minister narendramodi said: our government, dedicated to the vision of ishwar chandra vidyasagar, will set up a grand statue of panchdhatu (five metals) at the same spot.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on monday visited garhwa ghat ashram in varanasi, which has considerable following among the backward castes, and paid tributes to former prime minister lal bahadur shastri at his ancestral home.
;;0.5106;;at the heart of the bjp and shiv senas performance in vidarbha, which was a repeat of 2014, was the strong pull exercised by prime minister narendramodi over voters in urban and rural areas.
;;-0.5267;;last month, external affairs minister sushma swaraj had said prime minister narendramodi had conveyed his unhappiness to his british counterpart theresa may over-focus on conditions of indian prisons during court hearings on mallyas extradition.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday said an isro spirit has gripped the country, which has been united by the moon mission chandrayaan-2, and the nation now looks beyond success and failure.
;;-0.0772;;jnusu president kanhaiya kumar was on monday critical of prime minister narendramodi as he alleged that emergency-like situation has been created in all universities and the actual change in the country will not happen by changing meat or videos.
;;0.5574;;refusing to give copies of an independent report on the gulberg society massacre to both the gujarat government and its own special investigation team (sit),the supreme court on thursday said the document,prepared by amicus curiae raju ramachandran,was elaborate and covered all aspects,including the conduct of chief minister narendramodi and other high state functionaries.
;;-0.4404;;after a series of attacks on central congress leaders,including aicc president sonia gandhi and prime minister manmohan singh,chief minister narendramodi on sunday shifted focus to the gujarat congress.
;;0.4019;;joining them is prime minister narendramodi who also tweeted his support from the indian team.
;;0.6486;;@bcciwomen  narendramodi (@narendramodi) 23 july 2017india played one of their best tournaments in this world cup and lost only three of their nine matches.
;;0.6939;;as prime minister narendramodi stated, the sacrifices of the brave jawans will not go in vain.
;;0.4215;;b'file photo of pm narendramodi file photo of pm narendramodi modiexpressing concern over drought in various parts of the country, prime minister narendramodi on sunday called for a mass water conservation movement in his monthly radio programme mann ki baat, while pinning hopes on the monsoon.
;;-0.6908;;as the supreme court said it will hear tuesday a congress plea seeking direction to the election commission (ec) to act on complaints it made about alleged violation of the model code of conduct (mcc) by prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah in their speeches, the indian express has learnt that the full commission has not had a single deliberation since april 5 on the alleged violations by modi.
;;0.0772;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by renuka puri) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by renuka puri)prime minister narendramodi on friday pitched for an evergreen revolution to enable the country to meet the challenge faced by the agriculture sector.
;;-0.5574;;the opposition, led by the congress, tuesday demanded a clarification from the prime minister on us president donald trumps claim that narendramodi had requested him to meditate on the kashmir dispute.
;;0.8519;;on monday, us president donald trump said that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir, and if i can help, i would love to be the mediator between india and pakistan.
;;0.0;;pti photo / tv grabsenior congress mp veerappa moily claimed in lok sabha on wednesday that prime minister narendramodi had followed pakistan in implementing the demonetisation policy.
;;0.5423;;the gpp chief said that while chief minister narendramodi was busy promoting himself as a prime ministerial candidate,there was no one to take care of the farmers in drought-hit saurashtra and north gujarat region.
;;0.8271;;(file photo)statements coming from the congress camp after indian army carried out surgical strikes show their clear intention to play down the successful counter-terrorism operation that got the nod from prime minister narendramodi for political gains.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi on wednesday condoled the demise of cosmologist stephen hawking.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi on wednesday condoled the demise of cosmologist stephen hawking.
;;0.4939;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday condoled the demise of cosmologist stephen hawking and said his grit and tenacity inspired people all over the world.
;;0.5267;;on january 23, justice karnan had written an open letter to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to take action against what he described as high corruption at the judiciary.
;;-0.1531;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday held talks with us president barack obama on substantive bilateral, regional and international issues including defence, security, trade and situation in west asia in view of threat by islamic state militants.
;;0.4939;;the first thing prime minister narendramodi did at bhagalpur rally was to make enthusiastic youths climb down from bamboo pillars.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi during his visit to the historical fort of masmak in riyadh on friday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi during his visit to the historical fort of masmak in riyadh on friday.
;;0.0;;on sunday, prime minister narendramodi will be visiting the tcs centre, before heading out to meet the saudi king and the princes.
;;-0.5859;;it asked prime minister narendramodi to break his silence on the alleged fraud.
;;0.4404;;the administration has decided to make a privileged enclosure for vvips next to the main stage where prime minister narendramodi will do yoga.
;;0.0;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis close confidant and bjp general secretary amit shah was appointed in charge of uttar pradesh.
;;0.5106;;b'the special investigation team (sit) today strongly contested the protest petition filed by zakia jafri against its closure report giving clean chit to gujarat chief minister narendramodi and others in the 2002 post-godhra riot case.
;;-0.8176;;zakia,wife of 2002 post-godhra riots victim and former congress mp ehsan jafri who was killed in the gulbarg society riots,along with 68 others,had filed the complaint with supreme court on june 8,2006 against narendramodi and 58 others.
;;0.0;;06 million people have visited the statue, which was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on patels birth anniversary on october 31, 2018.
;;0.4588;;the textbooks, dedicated to key central and state government schemes, focus mainly on announcements made by prime minister narendramodi and instructs students to internalise each word of his swacch bharat pledge.
;;0.0;;repeat the pledge delivered by prime minister narendramodi to all citizens of the country on 2nd october 2014 and internalise its every word, the chapter instructs.
;;0.0;;@indianexpress  rashmi rajput (@rashmirajput123) june 8, 2018prior to this, pune police had claimed to seize an email which hinted at plans to assassinate prime minister narendramodi in another rajiv gandhi type incident by targeting his roadshows.
;;-0.5994;;among others, his death was deeply condoled by prime minister narendramodi , while the whole nation paid glowing tributes to the 33-year-old soldier.
;;-0.5994;;among others, his death was deeply condoled by prime minister narendramodi , while the whole nation paid glowing tributes to the 33-year-old soldier.
;;-0.5994;;among others, his death was deeply condoled by prime minister narendramodi , while the whole nation paid glowing tributes to the 33-year-old soldier.
;;0.1779;;file photo: prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping (source: pti/shahbaz khan) file photo: prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping (source: pti/shahbaz khan)prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping are expected to meet this week on the sidelines of sco summit in astana, amid growing differences between the two countries over a host of issues including the china-pakistan economic corridor and nsg.
;;0.2732;;after that, we will take all the proof we have, as well as the report, and will go to meet prime minister narendramodi and see what he says, sahni said.
;;-0.2263;;the lgbt community members today demanded prime minister narendramodi to break his silence and speak about inclusive society.
;;0.6369;;(source: pmo india)prime minister narendramodi on monday laid the foundation stone for six projects of kandla port trust in gujarats kutch worth around rs 993 crore.
;;0.4767;;b'indias ambitious plans to develop the small iranian port of chabahar into a hub linking the indian ocean with the energy-rich states of central asia may mark prime minister narendramodi s most durable strategic legacy.
;;0.0;;the indian-american politicians comments come at a time when prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit the us for a few days starting june 7.
;;0.5267;;a delegation of ndas sc and st mps, led by ljp chief ram vilas paswan and union social justice minister thawarchand gehlot, had last week met prime minister narendramodi to discuss the apex courts judgment diluting provisions of the sc-st atrocities act.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi urged voters to turn up in large numbers to exercise their voting rights.
;;0.0;;(express photo) prime minister narendramodi urged voters to turn up in large numbers to exercise their voting rights.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi urged voters to turn up in large numbers to exercise their voting rights.
;;-0.1027;;(file photo)all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen (aimim) chief asaduddin owaisi on thursday slammed prime minister narendramodi for his raincoat remark on his predecessor dr. manmohan singh and questioned the formers role in the 2002 gulbarg society massacre when he was gujarats chief minister.
;;0.836;;listing out various achievements of bjp-led nda government in the last two years, he said the country had clocked remarkable growth in all spheres under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , party sources said.
;;-0.34;;talks cannot happen amid stone pelting and firing of bullets, she told reporters after a 20-minute meeting with prime minister narendramodi at his residence.
;;0.7184;;b'file photo of pm narendramodi file photo of pm narendramodi modiwith prime minister narendramodi scheduled to inaugurate the permanent campus of the national institute of science education and research (niser) in bhubaneswar on february 7, the university grants commission (ugc) swung into action and granted approval to the institute thursday.
;;0.7506;;(source: ani photo)the bjp on sunday said it would strive to bring about a positive change in indias political landscape with popular prime minister narendramodi leading the way.
;;0.631;;shah said prime minister narendramodi , who is popular not only in the country but abroad too, is bjps main asset.
;;0.6249;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on saturday lauded the successful test of interceptor missile and used the occasion to take a dig at opponents, saying they would now have to travel very high if they want proof of it.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi had also promised loan waiver after the new government was formed.
;;0.3612;;(source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi had also promised loan waiver after the new government was formed.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi had also promised loan waiver after the new government was formed.
;;-0.3182;;b'gujarat congress claimed that wherever gujarat chief minister narendramodi addressed public meetings during karnataka election campaign,bjp lost those seats.
;;-0.6597;;chief minister narendramodi addressed three public meetings in bangalore,mangalore and belgaum which include 37 assembly seats in karnataka and in all these seats,bjp lost miserably, gujarat congress president arjun modhwadia said in a press statement issued here.
;;0.0;;as per constitutional provisions,if the lokayukta had been appointed in gujarat also,then the fate of gujarat chief minister narendramodi would have been the same as that of b s yeddyurappa since the bjp government in gujarat also has resorted to corruption amounting to rs 1 lakh crore, he alleged.
;;0.4019;;when former chief minister keshubhai patel joined hands with mahagujarat janta party (mjp) president gordhan zadaphia to announce a third front against chief minister narendramodi last week,it was a sort of role reversal for the duo.
;;0.4125;;b'nitish kumar backed prime minister narendramodi modis lahore visit nitish kumar backed prime minister narendramodi modis lahore visitbihar chief minister nitish kumar said on friday that there was nothing wrong in prime minister narendramodi modis sudden stopover in pakistan.
;;0.4588;;a large number of our mps and mlas had mounted pressure on the party leadership to join the governments led by narendramodi and devendra fadnavis, the source said.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (source: pti file photo) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti file photo)prime minister narendramodi will travel to belgium, us and saudi arabia between march 30 and april 3.
;;0.7184;;mulayam, also the gathbandhan candidate, asked his supporters to always respect mayawatiji while she called him a real leader of the backward unlike prime minister narendramodi who she said was farzi (fake).
;;0.3384;;it is very well known that narendramodi during his tenure in gujarat misused his government machinery to bring his forward castes into the list of backward classes, she said.
;;0.34;;jammu and kashmir governor n.n. vohra jammu and kashmir governor n.n. vohrajammu and kashmir governor n n vohra on friday met with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi to discuss the ongoing security situation in the valley.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi led the political community condoling the death of the veteran leader.
;;0.6369;;as vadodara gears up to host the flagging-off of chief minister narendramodi modis ambitious run for unity event on december 15,top officers from across vadodara spent a busy thursday,briefing minister for power and energy saurabh patel on the preparations so far.
;;0.0;;a day after us president donald trump said that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate in the kashmir issue, opposition mps slammed the government, seeking pm modis response on the claim.
;;0.34;;express photo by shuaib masoodiover the weekend, when j&k chief minister arrives in the union capital to meet senior functionaries of the central government, including, possibly, prime minister narendramodi , she will be told that there cant be any softening of the ongoing campaign by security forces against what new delhi sees as anti-india forces in the valley.
;;0.0;;in 2015, prime minister narendramodi had announced a j&k package of rs 80,000 crore of which only rs 17,000 crore has been released.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs, headed by prime minister narendramodi , has approved the listing of five state-owned general insurance companies.
;;0.4215;;(illustration: c r sasikumar) the cabinet committee on economic affairs, headed by prime minister narendramodi , has approved the listing of five state-owned general insurance companies.
;;-0.4588;;during the intolerance debate in parliament, mohammed salim of the cpm had launched a blitz on him on the basis of an erroneous magazine article, accusing him of hailing prime minister narendramodi as the first hindu ruler [of india] in 800 years.
;;-0.6808;;earlier, after the karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah who wrote to prime minister narendramodi asking him to repeal the new rules which would put enormous financial burden on the farmers, rijiju on saturday rubbished reports of trouble in the northeast following the centres notification on cow slaughter.
;;0.0;;while kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan urged the chief ministers of other states to raise their voices against the centres notification, karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah wrote to prime minister narendramodi asking him to repeal the unconstitutional norm.
;;0.0516;;pti photoas tamil nadu chief minister o. paneerselvam will be meeting prime minister narendramodi today to seek relief for damages caused by cyclone vardah, the dravida munnetra kazhagam (dmk) has urged him to press the prime minister to declare it a drought state.
;;0.5574;;defence, security and trade relations will top the agenda of talks between prime minister narendramodi and his british counterpart theresa may during her india visit as they review the breadth of ties after the brexit vote.
;;-0.6908;;sadiq, a resident of bhavnagar, was branded as lashkar-e-toiba operative out to kill then chief minister narendramodi and other saffron leaders.
;;0.5719;;commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman on monday said that prime minister narendramodi modis act east policy seeks to revive age-old ties with cambodia, lao pdr, myanmar and vietnam (clmv), so that both sides could work to strengthen each others trade and investment.
;;0.0;;indian prime minister narendramodi (r) speaks with french president emmanuel macron in the garden of the elysee palace following their meeting in paris, france, june 3, 2017.
;;0.0;;(reuters photo) indian prime minister narendramodi (r) speaks with french president emmanuel macron in the garden of the elysee palace following their meeting in paris, france, june 3, 2017.
;;0.872;;(reuters photo)reiterating his support towards climate protection, prime minister narendramodi on saturday described the paris climate agreement as a shared legacy of the world and that it will reap long-term benefits for posterity.
;;0.9153;;heaping praise on chief minister narendramodi for gaining a tall stature,senior bjp leader l k advani on friday said he as an elder in the party was happy about it.
;;0.4019;;someone asked me if narendramodi had become bigger than the party.
;;-0.3182;;the bjp would have been wiped out in up had prime minister narendramodi not campaigned, he says  at least, because of him, it fought.
;;0.0;;the chief minister said prime minister narendramodi and union minister maneka gandhi ask him about rhino poaching every time they meet him.
;;0.0;;both prime minister narendramodi and union minister maneka gandhi are very much concerned about rhino poaching.
;;-0.7184;;on september 23, 2016, in his first public address after the uri attack, prime minister narendramodi made a distinction between elements within pakistan that support terrorism and anti-india activities, and its common people.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi needs to travel a lot in the world and work for 18 to 20 hours daily.
;;0.128;;watch | all out war in aiadmk, sasikala natarajan hits back at o panneerselvamops, as he is known in chennai, took his own time to assert himself, aware of the goodwill that prime minister narendramodi and his party leaders have for him, party sources said.
;;0.2023;;alleging discrimination, officers from the governments non-ias central services have sent a petition to prime minister narendramodi , claiming that those from services other than the ias are not being picked for top posts of secretaries and additional secretaries.
;;-0.9136;;even as prime minister narendramodi broke his silence and expressed his grieve over the death of rohith vemula, the dalit scholar, seven students continued their indefinite hunger strike demanding removal of union ministers smriti irani and bandaru dattatreya and the vice chancellor continued.
;;-0.743;;stating that this is a gross violation of the federal system of india which believes that states and the centre should work in tandem, bjp said the incident took place when the central government led by prime minister narendramodi has been working for development of the state.
;;-0.2732;;more recently, he become an outspoken critic of prime minister narendramodi and his government.
;;0.5994;;(representational image)a state bjp leader on monday wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi , requesting his intervention to include kolkata-based football clubs mohun bagan and east bengal in the indian super league (isl).
;;0.0;;the bjp today chose the same ground for its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis rally.
;;0.6956;;we hope narendramodi brings an end to this corruption, said tej singh, a farmer from chamba who said he had been a congress supporter throughout his life but would like to vote for bjp this time.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newshe said under prime minister narendramodi modis stewardship, indias foreign policy has maintained a broad continuity, however, the renewed thrust has allowed a much broader consensus in the us in dealing with india.
;;-0.0772;;chain reactionrjd chief lalu yadav is still smarting from the insult of having to sit on the ground at the function to celebrate the 350th birth anniversary of guru gobind singh at the gandhi maidan in patna, while chief minister nitish kumar and prime minister narendramodi sat on the dais.
;;0.7076;;asked whether this is the coming together of a front against prime minister narendramodi or bjp, naidu said we want to promote more and more regional parties.
;;0.0;;b'new delhi: prime minister narendramodi and his australian counterpart malcolm turnbull during their visit to the akshardham temple in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) new delhi: prime minister narendramodi and his australian counterpart malcolm turnbull during their visit to the akshardham temple in new delhi on monday.
;;0.4588;;in the expansive engagement that prime ministers narendramodi and sheikh hasina unveiled in the last few days, integrating the waters and hinterland have emerged as a key new element of the bilateral agenda.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted that he had spoken to rajnath singh on the matter.
;;0.0772;;) indian prime minister narendramodi modis visit to tehran has raised hackles in india-centric islamabad, and chabahar has been held up as a security risk.
;;0.4019;;the states science & technology department and its nodal agency gujarat informatics ltd (gil) are preparing a rough draft with the help of a private agency,which is likely to be presented before chief minister narendramodi on april 11 for first view, they said.
;;-0.1397;;additionally referring to prime minister narendramodi modis promise during election campaign of 2014 that after black money is returned to india, every citizen will get rs 15 lakh, yechury said that most poor people opened bank accounts under jan dhan yojana expecting that money but they received re 1 instead.
;;-0.3818;;speaking to reporters on parliament premises, swamy expressed shock at the survey and urged prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley to take a call in this regard.
;;0.7184;;b'avtar singh and his family members have expressed gratitude to prime minister narendramodi for the help and said the treatment has begun in a hospital in delhi.
;;0.7184;;(file photo) avtar singh and his family members have expressed gratitude to prime minister narendramodi for the help and said the treatment has begun in a hospital in delhi.
;;-0.8074;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi has come to the rescue of a poor driver in himachal pradesh suffering from cancer by sanctioning rs 3 lakh for his treatment.
;;0.0;;post his release, he met with prime minister narendramodi and swaraj in delhi.
;;-0.1027;;following the demonetisation move by prime minister narendramodi , the narrative of a cashless economy and digital transactions have been pushed hard by this government.
;;0.0;;seated in his spacious drawing room in a northern tehran neighbourhood surrounded by books, including jawaharlal nehrus glimpses of world history in persian, saeed laylaz has a simple advice for visiting prime minister narendramodi , who landed on sunday.
;;0.6249;;pawar shares a good relation with prime minister narendramodi and he should discuss with pm modi and bjp president amit shah about his candidature, said athawale reacting to a question on the nominees for presidential elections.
;;0.6808;;last week, gokhale referred to the meeting in 2018 between prime minister narendramodi and xi jinping in wuhan and said:  we will work together with the chinese side to deepen understanding to strengthen trust to implement the decisions that were taken by leaders and to do it in a manner in which we are sensitive to each others concerns.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at the red fort on the 70th independence day in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(express photo by renuka puri) prime minister narendramodi at the red fort on the 70th independence day in new delhi.
;;-0.6369;;this provision has been invoked only once: in march 2005,it was used to exclude chief minister narendramodi of gujarat state in india due to his complicity in the 2002 riots that resulted in the deaths of an estimated 1,100 to 2,000 muslims.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at a rally in shimla, on thursday.
;;0.0;;pti prime minister narendramodi at a rally in shimla, on thursday.
;;-0.25;;(ani)several mps belonging to the telugu desam party (tdp) were detained for staging a protest outside prime minister narendramodi modis residence at lok kalyan marg in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.6908;;fadnavis said the state government welcomed the decision taken by prime minister narendramodi to bring an end to the vip culture.
;;-0.3182;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi today termed the railway budget as anti- development and said it reflects the non-performance of the upa government.
;;0.5994;;b'indian and chinese troops had been locked in a stand-off for over two months last year in the doklam area near sikkim before disengaging on august 28 indian and chinese troops had been locked in a stand-off for over two months last year in the doklam area near sikkim before disengaging on august 28the doklam standoff happened due to lack of mutual trust between india and china, and they need to work together to create favourable conditions and gradually settle the boundary issue, a top chinese diplomat said today, ahead of this weeks informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.765;;also read: all set for reset, pm narendramodi and chinas xi jinping to hold informal meet this weekasked whether the doklam standoff and the boundary issue will figure in the talks between prime minister modi and president xi, kong said the two leaders decided to hold informal summit because both the countries attach great importance to each other in external strategy, not because of the boundary question that still remained unresolved, that we need to talk about it during the informal summit.
;;-0.3612;;watch video: keystrokes  smriti irani gets textilesreferring to prime minister narendramodi modis interaction with media yesterday, mayawati said he has himself admitted that his government has not lived up to peoples expectations of controlling inflation and reducing unemployment.
;;0.0;;chief ministers of bjp-ruled states and deputy chief ministers of states where the bjp is in alliance, altogether representing 19 states, would attend a meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi to review development work and to plan a strategy for the upcoming polls in some states.
;;0.0;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis close confidant and bjp general secretary amit shah was today appointed in charge of politically crucial uttar pradesh.
;;0.8442;;conrad sangma, president of npp, wrote to prime minister narendramodi on the unreasonable restrictions in the notification and stated, i am confident you will not approve the rules conrad sangma, president of npp, wrote to prime minister narendramodi on the unreasonable restrictions in the notification and stated, i am confident you will not approve the rulesthere were rumblings of discontent both within state bjp and nda ally national peoples party (npp) in meghalaya on tuesday over the environment ministrys notification bringing restrictions on sale and purchase of cattle.
;;-0.4019;;while bjps meghalaya unit vice-president j a lyngdoh reportedly threatened to quit over the issue, conrad sangma, lok sabha mp from tura and president of npp, wrote to prime minister narendramodi on the unreasonable restrictions in the notification and stated, i am confident you will not approve the rulescontending that they violate basic rights of a person to freedom of choice regarding food, sangma wrote to modi, the rules, among other problems, impose a number of restrictions on cattle trade, which would have serious impact on socio-cultural and economic milieu of millions.
;;-0.25;;chavan targetted the bjp for politicising the security threat to prime minister narendramodi and the chief minister.
;;-0.7717;;(representational image)a man was allegedly assaulted by four persons in a moving train in west bengal after he failed to reply to their queries on prime minister narendramodi and the national anthem, police said on friday.
;;0.0;;upon his arrival, they suddenly started asking him questions about prime minister narendramodi , the national anthem and chief minister mamata banerjee, he said, adding that the man was roughed up when he could not reply to the queries.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi on monday had called an emergency meeting of finance minister arun jaitley, labour minister bandaru dattatreya and power minister piyush goyal to prepare a strategy to dissuade trade unions to go ahead with the mass strike.
;;0.743;;(file photo)delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal has for long engaged in a battle of words with prime minister narendramodi and the bjp, claiming that the centre has not been allowing his delhi government to function to the best of its abilities.
;;-0.8462;;file/pti photothe birth anniversary of bal thackeray on monday was used by shiv sena to hurl a taunt at prime minister narendramodi with the key bjp ally saying the late leader never boasted of a 56-inch chest but the nations enemies were scared by his very name.
;;0.128;;on a day prime minister narendramodi launched a bjp membership drive in his constituency varanasi, bsp chief mayawati claimed that people of poorvanchal region, where the holy city is located, were facing hardships.
;;-0.5423;;advertisingin the poorvanchal region, from where chief minister yogi adityanath comes from (gorakhpur) and where prime minister narendramodi modis constituency is located, the state of villages and its residents is bad.
;;-0.1779;;50 crore to rs 330 crore in 5 monthsvadra was referring to kejriwals quote accusing prime minister narendramodi of targetting aap minister satyendar jain.
;;0.4939;;shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, who visited the makeshift ram lalla temple on sunday, said prime minister narendramodi had the courage to bring an ordinance to build the ram temple.
;;-0.1027;;questioned chief minister narendramodi while participating in a panel discussion on rurbanisation: changing face of modern india at ahmedabad management association here on monday.
;;0.5859;;(jasbir malhi)punjab chief minister parkash singh badal appealed to prime minister narendramodi to review the unending saga of discrimination and sheer injustice meted out to the state by successive governments at the centre after independence despite its enormous contribution in the countrys freedom struggle, safeguarding its security and sovereignty and making it self-reliant in food production.
;;-0.886;;the ahmedabad (rural) district court on monday issued a notice to the state government after ips officer sanjiv bhatt filed for regular bail by claiming that his arrest was an act of counterblast to the revelations he made on the 2002 riots and haren pandya murder case against chief minister narendramodi and his government.
;;0.0;;when prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation, he had said the new year would see new india.
;;0.3919;;in st petersburg, prime minister narendramodi did not directly comment on the us decision but said india was committed to protecting the climate.
;;0.0;;responding to prime minister narendramodi modis call, chhattisgarh government will be constructing nearly one lakh pucca toilets in next three months, with the state government already having drafted a plan for the purpose.
;;0.6361;;speaking on the occasion, goel said that while theres no doubt that cricket is among the most popular games in india, the current government under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi is committed to promote indigenous and other sports as well.
;;-0.0258;;haryanas main opposition party inld has announced to stage a dharna at jantar mantar on february 15 in case it fails to get an appointment with prime minister narendramodi on the syl issue.
;;-0.4019;;b'prime minister narendramodi (pti photo / pib) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo / pib)the narendramodi government has failed to fulfil poll promises and befooled people by making false claims, youth congress activists alleged today during a protest sit-in here on the third anniversary on the nda dispensation.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with german chancellor angela merkel in berlin tuesday.
;;0.0;;ap prime minister narendramodi with german chancellor angela merkel in berlin tuesday.
;;0.6908;;apprime minister narendramodi has decided to push forward negotiation of a free trade agreement with the european union, stalled since 2013, a spokesperson for the ministry of external affairs said at the end of high-level inter-governmental consultations between india and germany on tuesday.
;;0.296;;swaraj questioned masihs claim saying two heads of states in the gulf region told her, prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee that the indians were alive.
;;0.3818;;b'tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa (pti photo by r senthil kumar) tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa (pti photo by r senthil kumar)aiadmk general secretary and tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa turned 68 on wednesday, with prime minister narendramodi greeting the leader on her birthday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at the 11th east asia summit in vientiane, laos on thursday.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi at the 11th east asia summit in vientiane, laos on thursday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in december last year had laid the foundation stone for 900-km-long chardham highway development project to be built with an investment of rs 12,000 crore in uttarakhand.
;;0.4767;;click here for moreuttarakhand assembly election: those in power turned this devbhoomi into loot bhoomi, says pm modiprime minister prime minister narendramodi (source: ani photo/file)as the last leg of campaigning for the uttarakhand assembly elections nears its end, prime minister narendramodi and congress vice-president rahul gandhi will be holding election rallies sunday in their bid to woo the voters.
;;-0.6908;;karnataka unit of bjp on friday said prime minister narendramodi modis intervention in the raging cauvery row with tamil nadu was not possible at this juncture and termed the demand by the congress government in the state as petty politicking.
;;0.7506;;prime minister narendramodi , whose popularity was one of the bjps key election planks, expressed his gratitude to the people of delhi.
;;0.0;;express photo/neeraj priyadarshidefence minister manohar parrikar, who was appointed to prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet in 2014, hinted at returning to state politics as goa goes to polls early next year.
;;-0.1531;;parrikar had resigned as goa chief minister  a position he held thrice  on november 8, 2014, after prime minister narendramodi had met with him, requesting him to head the defence ministry.
;;-0.4782;;during the state assembly polls in november 2017, naddas name had also cropped -up for the chief ministerial post but prime minister narendramodi and president amit shah did not favour his return to the state.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@pmoindia)after six hours of one-on-one conversation between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin in sochi earlier this week, new delhi and moscow are going to cooperate in a new area: afghanistan.
;;0.0;;gujarat assembly speaker rajendra trivedi on saturday described both prime minister narendramodi and dr b r ambedkar as brahmins.
;;0.0;;(file) gujarat assembly speaker rajendra trivedi on saturday described both prime minister narendramodi and dr b r ambedkar as brahmins.
;;0.2732;;(file)gujarat assembly speaker rajendra trivedi on saturday described both prime minister narendramodi and dr b r ambedkar as brahmins, and lord krishna as an obc who was made god by rishi sandipani.
;;0.5106;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi told network 18 group editor rahul joshi that the people of kashmir need both development and trust.
;;0.6908;;(express archive)a day before the presentation of the budget for 2016-17, prime minister narendramodi approved the constitution of the bank board bureau, which seeks to reform the appointment process for top-level posts and improve governance in public sector banks.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during a rally.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi during a rally.
;;0.0;;(file)the leader of opposition in the maharashtra legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe patil today took a dig at prime minister narendramodi while raising the issue of a loan waiver for farmers in the state.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi ran an election campaign where he promised a minimum price guarantee of 1.
;;0.0772;;i want to remind him about what prime minister narendramodi said in his maiden speech in the new lok sabha.
;;0.3182;;chief minister narendramodi has got support from unexpected quarters over the wharton business schools move to cancel his invite to address students at the wharton india economic forum last week.
;;0.2023;;in a letter to modi,patel  a member of the uks upper house  has said,whartons refusal to narendramodi weakens free speech and the quest for justice in 2002 riot cases.
;;0.7717;;only bjp supporters attended cm conferenceahmedabad:gpp general secretary gordhan zadaphia monday said that chief minister narendramodi modis video-conference address to overseas friends of bjp at chicago and new jersey was attended by bjp supporters and no one else.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, governor keshari nath tripathi met prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah in the national capital to discuss the ground situation.
;;-0.4215;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi on april 15, swadeshi jagran manch, the economic wing of the rss, had alleged that advocacy groups of dubious antecedents and an official in the health ministry were lobbying for the use of vaccines such as hpv vaccine.
;;0.2732;;asked if he will attend the dinner hosted by prime minister narendramodi to discuss the strategy for the presidential polls, raut parried a direct reply, saying sumptuous food is cooked at matoshree (uddhav thackerays residence in mumbai) as well.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi delivers his statement at the start of the asean-india summit in the ongoing 28th and 29th asean summits and other related summits at the national convention center on thursday, in vientiane, laos.
;;0.0;;(source: ap photo) prime minister narendramodi delivers his statement at the start of the asean-india summit in the ongoing 28th and 29th asean summits and other related summits at the national convention center on thursday, in vientiane, laos.
;;0.8126;;asean leaders also welcomed prime minister narendramodi modis commitment to establishing an asean-india innovation platform and to build digital connectivity through the use of gigabit-capable passive optical network (gpon) technology.
;;-0.7003;;earlier this week, india announced that prime minister narendramodi would not be attending the summit in wake of the strained diplomatic relations with pakistan after the attack on uri on september 18.
;;-0.8176;;the supreme court-appointed-special investigation team (sit) on wednesday claimed that retired dgp r b sreekumars affidavits couldnt be held as evidence for summoning chief narendramodi and others for their alleged complicity in the 2002 riots as alleged by zakia jafri,wife of former congress mp ehsan jafri who was killed during the riots.
;;-0.6249;;kashyap was among the film personalities who, on july 23, released a letter for prime minister narendramodi over mob violence and incidents of lynching.
;;-0.8834;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi tonight condemned the attacks in egypt in which at least 45 people were killed.
;;-0.25;;advertisingaddressing a meeting of top congress leaders, singh said the atmosphere in the country is one of gloom and doom, and that prime minister narendramodi modis talk of making india a $5-trillion economy by 2024 looks like a pipe dream.
;;0.3182;;trump had earlier pledged to strengthen indo-us ties during his telephonic conversation with prime minister narendramodi last month.
;;-0.1779;;watch what else is making news:on condition of anonymity, a congress legislator, who is involved in the poll formulation strategy for mumbai, said, some of the campaign managers feel that building a negative campaign around narendramodi may benefit the bjp.
;;0.4588;;to ensure that prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat addresses reach a maximum number of people, bjp leaders and workers in uttar pradesh have been asked to hold gatherings at every booth  there are over 1.
;;-0.296;;watch video: making sense of rahul gandhis decision to now face trial in the rss remark caselater, addressing a public meeting at jagdishpur, rahul accused prime minister narendramodi of indulging in badle ki rajniti (vendetta politics) and moving projects out of amethi.
;;0.4215;;all segments of society perceived narendramodi as the most suitable person who can lead the nation on the path of progress and prosperity, the editorial said,referring to recent opinion polls that suggested declining political stock of the ruling upa at the end of its four year since return to power in 2009.
;;0.2732;;b'yoga guru ramdev today praised gujarat chief minister narendramodi but took potshots at congress vice-president rahul gandhi in the context of prime ministerial candidates.
;;0.0516;;taking up the matter with prime minister narendramodi , chief minister e k palaniswami, in a letter, said the state government was extremely concerned over such incidents and sought centres intervention into the matter.
;;0.4019;;( source: pib)prime minister narendramodi landed in lahore on christmas day  which is also the birthday of the founder of the state, muhammad ali jinnah, and therefore a public holiday  and congratulated pakistan pm nawaz sharif on the wedding of his granddaughter.
;;0.8225;;in a major boost to their energy ties, india and russia on september 13 launched a working group for creating an energy bridge for a possible direct gas delivery from russia and also directed their concerned ministries to finalise concrete outcomes in key areas of trade and investment by the next months summit between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe order has been issued by the appointments committee of the cabinet (acc) that is headed by prime minister narendramodi and has home minister amit shah as its member.
;;0.3612;;(pti photo)aam aadmi party on sunday sought to know if bjp-ruled states would allot the maximum share of funds on education, health and employment generation in their budgets, a day after prime minister narendramodi stressed on the need for a garib kalyan agenda by focussing on these areas.
;;-0.0258;;the order assumes importance in view of the fact that gujarat cm narendramodi has launched an attack on the congress over the expenditure incurred on her treatment.
;;0.0;;declare your foreign trip expenses: keshubhai to modia couple of days after chief minister narendramodi raised questions over foreign tour expenses of congress president sonia gandhi,his predecessor keshubhai patel on wednesday slammed him,saying the bjp leader should first provide details of expenditure incurred on his overseas trips.
;;-0.9125;;prime minister narendramodi is the most bitterly criticised person post independence, bjp chief amit shah said today, adding that if criticism was targeted against the country, it cannot be called freedom of expression.
;;-0.7408;;(after theindependence, if there is one person who has received the most bitter criticism, it is narendramodi modiji), he said at the inauguration of india idea conclave 2016 here.
;;0.3818;;(source: file/pti)prime minister narendramodi was flying high in june, jetting from afghanistan to mexico in a whirlwind of red carpet diplomacy crowned by a speech to the us congress extolling democracy and investment opportunities in the subcontinent.
;;0.0;;bpresident pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi at the governors conference in new delhi, tuesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi at the governors conference in new delhi, tuesday.
;;0.0;;he had met prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah on monday in parliament house.
;;0.296;;it was narendramodi modis development initiatives that propelled me to join the bjp.
;;0.2263;;advertisingcpm and congress expelled me for supporting narendramodi modis development projects.
;;0.5719;;the agency, under the culture ministry, was happy to be one of the first major government agency to respond to prime minister narendramodi modis call to go cashless.
;;0.6369;;(express photo by gurmeet singh)even as punjab congress leaders led by ludhiana mp ravneet singh bittu called off their protest in front of chief minister parkash singh badals residence in chandigarh after the third consecutive day, state party chief captain amarinder singh saturday announced that he would personally burn the effigy of chhitta raavan on october 18, the day when prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit ludhiana to preside over an award function.
;;0.0;;he also had words of advice for prime minister narendramodi , saying union finance minister arun jaitley was going to sink his ship.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi unveils a plaque marking the immersion site of mahatma gandhis ashes at clifford pier in singapore on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo/ pib) prime minister narendramodi unveils a plaque marking the immersion site of mahatma gandhis ashes at clifford pier in singapore on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo/ pib)prime minister narendramodi on saturday concluded his three-day visit to singapore.
;;0.0;;read highlights from the last day of pm narendramodi modis visit to singaporeadding momentun to our act east policy!
;;0.6908;;external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said dendrobrium narendramodi is a strong and robust tropical orchid which produces upright inflorescences up to 38 cm long with 14-20 well-arranged flowers.
;;-0.5719;;state congress president arjun modhwadia on monday said his party would organise demonstrations at all district headquarters in the state on september 27 and demand resignation of chief minister narendramodi for his alleged involvement in rs 400-crore fishing contract scam.
;;0.0;;general dalbir singh, had presented a cheque of rs 100 crore to prime minister narendramodi at an at home function.
;;0.0;;on army day this year, january 15, the chief of army staff, general dalbir singh, had presented a cheque of rs 100 crore to prime minister narendramodi at an at home function.
;;0.5859;;03 am: prime minister narendramodi congratulates isro on the successful launch mission.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , while addressing bjp mps during the parliamentary party meeting on tuesday, has hinted at this possibility.
;;-0.8934;;a 35-year-old man from goregaon was arrested by the police on tuesday for allegedly threatening prime minister narendramodi and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis in an abusive post on twitter.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, mp governor anandiben patel and union minister narendramodi singh tomar at mandla in madhya pradesh on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, mp governor anandiben patel and union minister narendramodi singh tomar at mandla in madhya pradesh on tuesday.
;;-0.8442;;(pti photo)images of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister shivraj singh chouhan will be displayed on two tiles in houses to be built in madhya pradesh under the pradhan mantri awas yojana (pmay), according to a state government order that has sparked criticism from the opposition which alleged that a wrong precedent was being set by politicising a scheme meant for the poor .
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi with german chancellor angela merkel in meseberg, germany, on monday.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters) pm narendramodi with german chancellor angela merkel in meseberg, germany, on monday.
;;0.4939;;(source: reuters)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday backed german chancellor angela merkels strong leadership in uniting the european union at a time when the economic grouping was showing signs of strain post brexit and over the protectionist policies of us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;she replaced prime minister narendramodi as the mp in the vadodara bypolls.
;;0.0;;khare said that sabarmati will not only have a very big high speed terminal at the very spot where prime minister narendramodi and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe had laid the foundation for the project, it will also have a parking for 1500 cars and will have a connecting link to the ahmedabad metro station which is coming up in the immediate vicinity.
;;0.0;;surat municipal corporation has laid out the red carpet, and private companies have pitched in with cutouts and fibre-glass statues of own, as prime minister narendramodi comes to the city on sunday evening.
;;0.8225;;the bsp chief hit back at prime minister narendramodi for slamming her party and alleged that bjp was hand in glove with ruling samajwadi party over the issue of corruption.
;;0.0;;but it was prime minister narendramodi who spoke out.
;;0.128;;can the national agriculture market (nam)  the online trading portal for farm produce being launched by prime minister narendramodi today  make a difference to farmers?
;;-0.4588;;according to a bjp poll-manager, in the past two years, the sena has consistently attacked both prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis through saamana.
;;-0.128;;india on friday reacted sharply to the new york times editorial criticising prime minister narendramodi modis choice of yogi adityanath as the chief minister of uttar pradesh, and said the papers wisdom to write such a piece was questionable.
;;-0.0258;;jd(u) broke up with the bjp over the party projecting chief minister narendramodi as bjps prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.0;;* whenever i go to my village,i drink milk from the gir breed of cows that narendramodi gifted me.
;;0.7227;;(express photo by  manoj more)their village, varale, may be tucked away in a remote corner of the pune district, but they are well aware of the fact that prime minister narendramodi who promises acche din is arriving in pune on saturday.
;;0.0;;after the congress working committee (cwc) meet yesterday, rahul urged prime minister narendramodi to assuage the concerns in a transparent manner.
;;0.0;;kept at a distanceprime minister narendramodi is wary of journalists.
;;-0.3612;;besides approaching the apex court, phadnis has also shot off a letter to prime minister narendramodi for expunging of adverse unfounded remarks made by the kapur commission against savarkar, whose portrait was unveiled in 2003 in the central hall of parliament.
;;0.5994;;(file photoprime minister narendramodi on tuesday said it is imperative that people are made aware about the importance of their duties, as asserting ones rights without rendering duties is against the fundamental value of the constitution.
;;-0.8525;;(file/pti photo)urging prime minister narendramodi and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal to rise above blame game and act immediately on the rising level of air pollution in the national capital, congress vice-president rahul gandhi on sunday said blaming the farmers of haryana and punjab wont solve this problem.
;;-0.5106;;he ignored a question on whether he planned to visit wharton university in the us,where a planned address by gujarat chief minister narendramodi has been cancelled.
;;0.0;;ahead of his departure, prime minister narendramodi on july 6 said his four-nation tour of african countries is aimed at enhancing ties with that continent, particularly in the economic sphere and people-to-people contacts.
;;0.4404;;replying to her, gandhi said prime minister narendramodi would be better positioned to answer.
;;0.5267;;varun gandhis words in support of singh,who elevated him to the post of general secretary and included him in his new team of office-bearers,came at a time when there is a growing chorus within bjp for making gujarat chief minister narendramodi the partys prime ministerial candidate in the next lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;karmalkar was speaking at the unveiling of the sppu research park, which was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi via video conference on sunday.
;;0.6908;;the supreme court thursday agreed to hear a pil filed by a congress leader seeking a stay on the release of prime minister narendramodi modis biopic.
;;-0.1027;;setting the tone for the congress campaign for the upcoming civic polls in delhi, rahul gandhi today attacked prime minister narendramodi and chief minister arvind kejriwal for their politics of making false promises.
;;-0.6249;;no matter how many visits he makes to the city, the people of banaras are going to defeat narendramodi and bjp in the assembly polls there.
;;0.0;;because narendramodi does politics of lie.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu (express photo) prime minister narendramodi and his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu (express photo)in the closely scrutinised india-israel relationship, there is little in the public domain that remains unknown, especially between the leaderships on both sides.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi did the same when he visited israel july last year and met the leader of the labor party isaac herzog.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday inaugurated and laid the foundation of infrastructure projects worth thousands of crores in mumbai.
;;-0.0516;;pm narendramodi pm narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on saturday called for enhanced use of information technology to solve everyday problems facing the society and urged young innovators to develop solutions.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi (m) with chinese president xi jingping (r).
;;0.0;;(source: ap/file) pm narendramodi (m) with chinese president xi jingping (r).
;;-0.0516;;watch video: whats making newsfor those who woke up to indias interest in nsg membership only over the past month, it likely appears that the run-up to the june plenary  with prime minister narendramodi modis visits to switzerland, the us, and mexico  was a fast-and-furious diplomatic press with a disappointing outcome.
;;-0.6249;;(express file photo)congress members today staged a walkout of the lok sabha protesting against prime minister narendramodi modis dig at his predecessor manmohan singh in the rajya sabha yesterday.
;;0.0;;recently prime minister narendramodi floated a very pertinent idea of having simultaneous elections for the lok sabha and state assemblies.
;;-0.9432;;(express photo: prem nath pandey)from announcing a kailash mansarovar pilgrimage to listing the nda governments unfulfilled promises and accusing prime minister narendramodi of making promises(with) no truth and staying silent on critical issues such as the kathua rape and the crisis in the judiciary, congress president rahul gandhi sunday revealed the broad contours of the main opposition partys line of attack against the bjp for the 2019 general elections.
;;0.0;;if paswan rejoins the nda, he will have to do business with bjps pm candidate narendramodi , whose continuation as gujarat cm was the reason why he left the alliance.
;;-0.3818;;questioning the failure of then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee in ensuring the ouster of gujarat cm narendramodi , paswan had told the house, in parliamentary democracy, there is only one main switch.
;;-0.383;;responding to a statement by union minister and daughter-in law of punjab chief minister parkash singh badal harsimrat kaur that if sidhu could leave prime minister narendramodi and the chief minister, he could not be faithful to anyone, singh said, parkash singh badal pvt.
;;0.0;;while some posters targeted prime minister narendramodi , the state government was not spared too, with posters asking chinnamma (aiadmk chief sasikala) where ops (chief minister o panneerselvam) was amid all the clamour in the state.
;;0.1779;;this followed an affidavit bhatt had filed in the supreme court last month alleging that chief minister narendramodi had instructed top gujarat officials on february 27,2002 to let hindus vent their anger.
;;0.6705;;be ready to welcome the vijay rath of prime minister narendramodi in november, he told bjp workers here.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi will observe a day-long fast on thursady in new delhi (file) prime minister narendramodi will observe a day-long fast on thursady in new delhi (file)after congress nationwide fast earlier this week, prime minister narendramodi will observe a day-long fast in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.7506;;pm narendramodi and bjp president amit shah will observe a day-long fast with bjp mps on april 12 pm narendramodi and bjp president amit shah will observe a day-long fast with bjp mps on april 12photo-op says congress; naidu, owaisi question pm moditaking a swipe against pm modis proposed fast, congress chief rahul gandhi cited the unnao rape incident and said he hoped that the prime minister would observe a fast over atrocities against women, failed law and order and increasing anarchy under the bjps watch.
;;0.0;;he contrasted it with the politics of performance of prime minister narendramodi who, he noted, comes from a common family belonging to backward caste and has worked to bring dalits in mainstream socially and economically.
;;-0.296;;during the fast, rahul gandhi accused prime minister narendramodi of being casteist and anti-dalit.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi remembered former external affairs minister sushma swaraj as a remarkable leader who devoted her life to public service and bettering lives of the poor.
;;0.5267;;(source: pti photo)the south asia satellite will be launched on may 5, prime minister narendramodi announced on sunday, describing it as indias pricelss gift to its neighbours as part of the sabka sath, sabka vikas concept.
;;-0.3182;;the political will for dialogue as agreed on at ufa by prime minister narendramodi and nawaz sharif was already wearing thin over the repeated violations of the ceasefire at the loc and the ib.
;;0.4767;;the muslim cleric also gave examples of prime minister narendramodi and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee and how they respected the secular fabric of the country and every religion.
;;-0.25;;the congress targeted the nda government over the rafale deal, as prime minister narendramodi held talks with french president emannuel macron, alleging that it is turning out to be a mother scam, and asked the government to come clean.
;;-0.296;;a day after haryana chief minister bhupinder singh hooda was booed at a function attended by prime minister narendramodi , the congress on wednesday said there was a design behind such incidents and said no self-respecting opposition chief minister should attend the political functions of modi.
;;-0.5574;;the reddy case and the other involving delhi-based lawyer rohit tandon are being probed by at least four agenciesthe ed, the income tax department, the cbi and the delhi policeand are considered the two most high-profile black money cases being investigated in the aftermath of the note ban that was declared by prime minister narendramodi on november 8 last year.
;;0.4754;;(photo: narendramodi modi/facebook)prime minister narendramodi is the most liked world leader on social networking website facebook, a study revealed on wednesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , besides shah himself are likely to give a call for pushing the partys expansion in the new territories.
;;0.3612;;advertisingin the run-up to the elections, both prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath had held rallies in greater noida to canvass for the sitting bjp mp.
;;-0.4767;;in 2014, sharma had defeated narendramodi bhati of the sp by 2,58,871 votes.
;;0.4019;;according to sources, this meeting was attended by prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and other ministers from the party.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi departs for astana to attend the shanghai cooperation organisation summit, in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;pti photo new delhi: prime minister narendramodi departs for astana to attend the shanghai cooperation organisation summit, in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.6808;;pti photo* prime minister narendramodi , on june 9, reiterated his stand on terrorism at the 17th shanghai cooperation organisation summit which was held in astana, kazakhstan.
;;0.0;;* on june 17, pm narendramodi addressed a gathering at kochi on the launch of pn panicker national reading day.
;;-0.7906;;speaking on the centenary celebrations of the sabarmati ashram in ahmedabad, pm narendramodi on june 29 again condemned the violence perpetrated by against people in the name of cow protection.
;;0.0258;;while the partys official hoarding welcoming delegates to kayasth pathsala maidan in allahabad carry pictures of prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah, union ministers, chief ministers and former pm atal bihari vajpayee, also displayed prominently are varun gandhi, sanjay joshi and shatrughan sinha, who has openly criticised the leadership in the past.
;;-0.6597;;watch what else is making newsdoval, who made the phone call on behalf of prime minister narendramodi , said indian authorities have initiated a probe into the killing of govinda gautam.
;;0.0;;b'the sri ram college of commerce,which hosted gujarat chief minister narendramodi at its campus recently,has now invited prime minister manmohan singh to the institution.
;;-0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi addressed a high-level segment meeting at the gathering at the conference of parties (cop14) to united nations convention to combat desertification (unccd) on monday and said that climate change was leading to land degradation of various kinds.
;;-0.7845;;8 announcement by prime minister narendramodi eliminating the countrys highest denominated currency bills in what he called an attack on tax fraud and graft.
;;0.6705;;discussions with visiting british pm, theresa may, and the japanese pm, shinzo abe, after that in tokyo should be good opportunities for prime minister narendramodi to start a new set of conversations on expanding indias room for geopolitical manoeuvre.
;;-0.6808;;from minimal engagement of the central leadership  prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah visited the state just three times each  to widespread consultations with the local leadership on ticket distribution and delegation of responsibility to a refusal to indulge in negative campaigning, the bjp studiously avoided the mistakes of delhi and bihar to manage its first toehold in the northeast.
;;0.3818;;congress on monday expelled rjd chief lalu prasad yadavs estranged brother-in-law and bihar congress leader anirudh prasad alias sadhu yadav,who had met gujarat chief minister narendramodi and said the bjp strongman has better qualities to become prime minister than rahul gandhi.
;;-0.3612;;yadav,the estranged brother-in-law of lalu prasad had embarrassed the congress by singing paeans to narendramodi and making light of congress vice president rahul gandhi.
;;0.6124;;in comparison with rahul gandhi,i strongly believe that narendramodi has much better qualities to become prime minister of our country, yadav had told media after his meeting with modi at his gandhinagar office on friday last.
;;0.0;;union urban development minister venkaiah naidu will be attending the ceremony on behalf of prime minister narendramodi and the central government.
;;0.5267;;indias prime minister narendramodi made several references to the principle of climate justice in the run-up to paris.
;;-0.3612;;raging juniorfollowing a meeting of the council of ministers, in which prime minister narendramodi urged his cabinet colleagues to give adequate publicity to the governments achievements, a cabinet minister asked his junior minister whether he would attend the programme organised to publicise their ministrys programmes.
;;-0.3818;;the first was partition, the second was the emergency and the third started ever since narendramodi became prime minister.
;;-0.8591;;the remarks of the sena, a constituent of the bjp-led nda government at the centre, came two days after prime minister narendramodi targeted the congress, accusing it of insulting peace-loving hindus by linking them to terrorism.
;;0.3612;;external affairs minister subrahmanyam jaishankar on tuesday said it was a matter of pride for him to be associated with gujarat, the land of mahatma gandhi and sardar patel, and the home state of prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo)vice president mohammad hamid ansari brushed aside the issue of prime minister narendramodi not attending the 17th non-aligned movement (nam) summit in venezuela saying india was participating.
;;-0.9255;;(peter byrne/pa via ap)prime minister narendramodi , on tuesday, took to twitter and condemned the attack in manchester which has killed 19 people so far and injured over 50.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday paid tributes to kargil martyrs on the occasion of vijay diwas, a day commemorated as indias victory over pakistan in the 1999 conflict.
;;0.0;;numerous songs on themes such as these set the tone in ups baghpat sunday as prime minister narendramodi , chief minister yogi adityanath, union minister nitin gadkari, haryana cm manohar lal khattar and other bjp leaders converged to declare open the eastern peripheral expressway.
;;0.0;;surejewala asked prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley to spell out why the bjp was surreptitiously hoodwinking the farmers.
;;0.3182;;i promise that along with bjp government and prime minister narendramodi , we will irrigate every land.
;;0.0;;in the same set of petitions,jsm had also demanded to summon chief minister narendramodi to the commission and to allow it to cross-examine him.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi will visit mumbai thursday to attend a a function of confederation of indian industry and a book launch.
;;0.1027;;the top three of 2016-17 remain the same as in 2015-16  prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and rss sarsanghchalak mohan bhagwat  but with a difference.
;;0.7003;;venkaiah naidu, 67union minister, i&b, urban development(rank 2016: 37)whyamong the most vocal in narendramodi modis cabinet, naidu handles the ministry of information and broadcasting and the ministry of urban development, which is overseeing the pms ambitious smart cities project.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday launched the rupay card here, making the uae the first country in the middle east to initiate the indian indigenous system of electronic payment.
;;0.5267;;the sena should have withdrawn support after prime minister narendramodi ignored the presence of sena chief uddhav thackeray during the grand function to lay the foundation for the construction of memorial of maratha king shivaji in arabian sea.
;;0.4019;;palestinian president mahmoud abbas (file photo) palestinian president mahmoud abbas (file photo)a month-and-a-half before prime minister narendramodi modis proposed visit to israel on july 5-6, india on saturday announced the visit of palestinian president mahmoud abbas to new delhi on may 15-16 and reiterated its political support to the palestinian cause.
;;0.743;;the ministry of external affairs said abbas will hold extensive talks with prime minister narendramodi during the visit, which will provide an opportunity for reviewing the entire gamut of bilateral relations, the west asia peace process, and regional and international issues.
;;0.7096;;pm modi meets chinese president xi jinpingattempting to bridge the trust deficit with china, prime minister attempting to bridge the trust deficit with china, prime minister narendramodi on april 27 told chinese president xi jinping that he will be happy to host the next informal summit in india next year.
;;0.0;;(source: ap)prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping met in wuhan on april 27 for a two-day informal summit.
;;0.5574;;breaking his silence on the allegations against congress chief sonia gandhis son-in-law robert vadra,chief minister narendramodi on saturday taunted the party saying while the entire cabinet rushed to defend the jamai raja,no one came to the rescue of porbandar mp who was caught on camera brandishing a gun at a toll plaza.
;;0.6908;;three days after prime minister manmohan singh said that he would be happy to work under the leadership of rahul gandhi and called him an ideal choice for pms post,gujarat chief minister narendramodi trained his gun directly on both singh and rahul during his speech at a rally here on tuesday.
;;0.4215;;advertisingthe appointments committee of the cabinet headed by prime minister narendramodi approved the designation of kumar as the new finance secretary, according to an official order.
;;-0.3612;;kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan strongly opposed the ban and appealed to prime minister narendramodi to withdraw it.
;;0.296;;b'prime minister narendramodi (l) and chinese president xi jinping (r) shake hands before the welcoming banquet for the brics summit, in xiamen, china september 4, 2017.
;;0.296;;(reuters/files) prime minister narendramodi (l) and chinese president xi jinping (r) shake hands before the welcoming banquet for the brics summit, in xiamen, china september 4, 2017.
;;0.0;;(reuters/files)in an attempt to complete the reset of bilateral ties with china, prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping will meet at an informal summit in wuhan, the capital of central chinas hubei province on april 27 and 28.
;;-0.8885;;the brother of one of two pakistani teenagers held on suspicion of facilitating a terrorist attack on the 12 infantry brigades headquarters in uri, in which 19 soldiers were killed, has appealed to prime minister narendramodi to order a review of the case, saying he hopes islamabads decision to release indian soldier chandu babulal chavan will clear the way for his sibling to be sent home too.
;;0.0;;(express photo by jaipal singh)from a five-month-old to a 77-year-old physically handicapped  people from all walks of life flocked to the rally ground, sector 25, where prime minister narendramodi held a public rally on friday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had also sought a status report on the probe into the panama papers.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi took to twitter to pay his tributes.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi took to twitter to pay his tributes.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday paid his tributes to jan sangh founder dr. syama prasad mookerjee on his 115th birth anniversary.
;;-0.0516;;sources say there can be no ruling out of a possibility of chief minister narendramodi getting an invitation to visit canada soon,since this american neighbour has deep business interests in gujarat.
;;0.6808;;5 per cent, and recommended faster project clearances like the one in gujarat when prime minister narendramodi was the chief minister, as a solution.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is also attending the event.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi announced the scrapping of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, 2016, with an aim to weed out black money, counterfeit currency and terror funding.
;;-0.5719;;the criticism of chief minister narendramodi has increased after he was made the partys campaign committee chief and such attacks by political opponents would go up further,bjp president rajnath singh said on friday.
;;0.7256;;adeh also urged prime minister narendramodi to ensure that the decision is implemented without any obstacles by such people and the compliance is ensured, saying if foreign companies are refusing to supply the stents to indian hospitals, then there is a need to give full support to indian companies to increase their production.
;;-0.3612;;(express photo/file)punjab chief minister amarinder singh has again urged prime minister narendramodi for a one-time debt waiver for the farmers in the state.
;;-0.296;;the chief minister has also urged prime minister narendramodi to instruct the concerned authorities to waive off crop loans of banks/financial institutions availed by the affected farmers in the affected villages during the current cropping season.
;;0.0;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on sunday offered prayers at the 11th century lingaraj temple in bhubaneswar, officials said.
;;-0.6705;;even as the government tried to turn the tables on the opposition by citing the number of attacks against dalits under congress rule and by highlighting the welfare measures taken by prime minister narendramodi for weaker sections, the opposition barring the aiadmk continuously raised slogans and disrupted the question hour, seeking permission to speak on the issue in the lok sabha.
;;-0.3724;;taking a jibe at prime minister narendramodi over the swachh bharat mission, the bjd mp said despite his popularity, the cleanliness drive has not picked up.
;;-0.4404;;brahmbhatt,who was dismissed after hailing dig sanjiv bhatt for his sc affidavit,says he logs prove his claima sacked head constable on saturday claimed he was ordered by the state police control room to rush to ips officer sanjiv bhatts house on the night of february 27,2002 and ask to him to attend the meeting at chief minister narendramodi modis residence in which the cm allegedly asked top officials to let hindus vent their anger.
;;0.0;;china-india bilateral relations have maintained sound momentum and the issue of indias admission into the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) does not concern bilateral ties, chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying said ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis meeting with chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the sco summit in tashkent.
;;0.0;;(source: file)a jharkhand resident was booked by the cbi on tuesday for allegedly forging signature of prime minister narendramodi on a letter which claimed that he had been invited to organise a musical programme for independence day celebrations in new delhi.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)prime minister narendramodi said sanitation should be made the first priority for jammu and kashmir, which is famous for its tourist destinations.
;;-0.0516;;live updates of west bengal elections, phase 4 pollingthe bjp is the one party from which some trinamool congress leaders fear a couple of surprises, given the aggressive campaign by prime minister narendramodi who has addressed six rallies.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping during a meeting in tashkent.
;;0.0;;file photo prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping during a meeting in tashkent.
;;0.0;;file photoprime minister narendramodi will meet chinese president xi jinping and is expected to raise new delhis concerns on the proposed china-pakistan economic corridor, which passes through pakistan-occupied kashmir, government sources told the indian express.
;;0.6925;;to a query, yadav took a jibe at prime minister narendramodi modis comments on his love for the dalits in a recent interview, saying people issued such statements during election times and they should not be taken seriously.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi unveiled indias first national disaster management plan (ndmp) last week.
;;0.0;;us president donald trump spoke to prime minister narendramodi at 11.
;;-0.7506;;a protest petition filed by zakia jafri seeking rejection of the sit report giving cleanchit to chief minister narendramodi and others in the post-godhra riots case is likely to come up for hearing in a local court wednesday.
;;0.7845;;patel, a relative by marriage of the powerful ambani family, was a great favourite of narendramodi , when the latter was the chief minister, and as minister of state, reported directly to him.
;;0.5499;;but this year, prime minister narendramodi opted to attend a ramlila function in lucknow while bjp president amit shah, who was in delhi, stayed away, choosing to preside over a party meeting instead.
;;-0.6808;;pti phototaking a jibe at prime minister narendramodi for his assertion over the ongoing violence in the kashmir valley, janata dal united jd (u) spokesperson neeraj kumar said the former should use his brain instead of lip-service on the issue, and added he failed to refer about the kashmiri pandits.
;;-0.5106;;if front of whom is prime minister narendramodi expressing his pain?
;;0.3182;;the records were destroyed to save the truth regarding th einvolvement of chief minister narendramodi and his cabinet colleagues, gujarat congress chief arjun modhvadia said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to formally inaugurate the event on thursday.
;;0.4215;;chief minister narendramodi has now nominated congress mp ahmed patel as a member of the states haj committee,a fortnight after the powerful political secretary to sonia gandhi turned down his offer for the membership of states wakf board.
;;-0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi expressed his sorrow at the loss of lives.
;;-0.2263;;yesterdays meeting took place days after prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the 330 mw kishanganga hydroelectric project in jammu and kashmir, amid protests from pakistan which claims that the project on a river flowing into pakistan will disrupt water supplies.
;;0.2263;;aiadmk general secretary v k sasikala has also written to prime minister narendramodi seeking promulgation of an ordinance for conduct of jallikattu and a delegation of aiadmk mps submitted a memorandum to the pmo yesterday seeking removal of bulls from the list of performing animals to allow the sport to be held.
;;-0.743;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi is camping in his varanasi lok sabha constituency for three days as he is scared of amit shahs threat that mps will be held accountable if they dont get two-three seats, the congress today said.
;;-0.6486;;two days after the collapse of three-storey buildings constructed by vadodara urban development authority (vuda) in the atladara area of the city,veteran congress leader and former chief minister shankersinh vaghela met the affected families and held chief minister narendramodi responsible for building substandard homes for the poor.
;;0.4939;;during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to bangladesh in 2015, the two countries signed the coastal shipping agreement.
;;0.128;;in haryana, where prime minister narendramodi had launched the beti bachao, beti padhao campaign, the overall child sex-ratio at birth in the past five years was 836, up from 762 in 2005-2006.
;;0.1531;;astana: prime minister narendramodi greets the president of kazakhstan, nursultan nazarbayev, at a meeting in astana, kazakhstan on thursday.
;;0.1531;;pti photo / pib (pti6_8_2017_000212b) astana: prime minister narendramodi greets the president of kazakhstan, nursultan nazarbayev, at a meeting in astana, kazakhstan on thursday.
;;0.7096;;expressing his gratitude to the sco for accepting indias membership, prime minister narendramodi said, though we have become a member of the sco only today, our relations with the region have been historic.
;;0.4019;;india and japan concluded a special strategic and global partnership during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to japan in 2014.
;;-0.1779;;in order to confront the congress-led upa government,chief minister narendramodi has doubled the list of pending issues with the central government,keeping 2012 assembly elections in mind.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi had called for a review of the indus waters treaty and india plans to exploit the western rivers  indus, jhelum and chenab  to the fullest.
;;0.6486;;the uttar pradesh verdict has affirmed the large mandate that prime minister narendramodi won in 2014 at the centre.
;;-0.6124;;with a think tank from beijing stating that china would have to get involved if india threatens the china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec) in balochistan, the congress on monday called on prime minister narendramodi to question the chinese government over the meaning behind the warning.
;;0.0;;chief minister manohar lal khattar attributed the partys landslide victory in haryana to prime minister narendramodi modis people-friendly policies and initiatives.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and us president barack obama are scheduled to meet at the white house on tuesday for over two hours that will include a working lunch to be attended by vice president joe biden.
;;-0.7906;;since he was an important witness in the case of 2002 riots and had accused chief minister narendramodi of misusing state machinery during post-godhra riots in an affidavit in sc,the government had decided to withdraw its application.
;;0.0;;(express photo by shuaib masoodi)the independent legislator from langate constituency in jammu and kashmir, sheikh abdul rasheed, said today that activists of his outfit would show black flags to prime minister narendramodi during his visit to the valley on may 19.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi poses with his sri lankan counterpart ranil wickremesinghe who arrived in india on a five-days visit earlier this week.
;;0.0;;(source: ap photo) prime minister narendramodi poses with his sri lankan counterpart ranil wickremesinghe who arrived in india on a five-days visit earlier this week.
;;-0.0258;;(source: ap photo)prime minister narendramodi would only attend the un vesak day celebrations and no bilateral agreements will be signed during his visit to sri lanka next week, lankan president maithripala sirisena has said.
;;-0.1341;;b'prime minister narendramodi (source: pti) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti)the cpi(m) has countered prime minister narendramodi modis charge that disgruntled ngos and black-marketeers were conspiring to de-stabilise the government, saying it is the abject failure of his dispensation that is irking him and not any alleged conspiracy.
;;0.0;;it is the same country whose prime minister narendramodi and his government sends 104 satellites a year to space so there is evidence to what is said in these books.
;;-0.3818;;he said there ware serious problem of pakistan containing terrorists and that prime minister narendramodi had showed his resolve to improve ties with islamabad.
;;0.6486;;it is a well known fact that prime minister narendramodi has made sincere and genuine efforts to convince the neighbour of the futility of supporting, sponsoring and launching terror.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (left) and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (left) and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.0;;the nda governments first year in office was all about prime minister narendramodi , says former union minister kapil sibal.
;;0.0772;;in the last one year, prime minister narendramodi has notched up miles like no other leader in the world.
;;0.6997;;claiming that prime minister narendramodi has emerged as one of the most popular leaders in the country after independence, the bjp chief said the party has been registering emphatic poll victories in many states namely maharashtra, haryana, uttarkhand, jammu and kashmir, assam, goa and manipur.
;;-0.2023;;advertisingtitled pm narendramodi , the biopic, which was slated to be released on april 5, has been postponed till further notice, its producer sandip singh had said on thursday.
;;-0.34;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by renuka puri/file) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by renuka puri/file)the international press institute on wednesday commended prime minister narendramodi modis decision to withdraw his governments contentious guidelines on fake news.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi , in his independence day speech, had said that although nagla fatela was only three hours away from delhi, it took 70 years for electricity to reach there.
;;-0.128;;up in arms against chandigarh mayor rajesh kalia, the safai karamcharis under chandigarh mc have written to prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah, stating that kalia be removed as the mayor else they will go on indefinite strike in the city.
;;-0.5106;;it did not make any attempt to strike a conversation with the minority community or put to rest fears that the bill is another ruse for majoritarian assertion  not even after prime minister narendramodi began his second stint in office by announcing sabka vishwas as his governments credo.
;;0.0;;soil health cards were rolled out across the country in august 2015 after prime minister narendramodi made it a key agenda item.
;;-0.6249;;watch video: find out what pm narendramodi & british prime minister theresa may discussedafter holding extensive talks which covered a wide range issues including trade, investment, security and defence, prime minister narendramodi and his british counterpart theresa may called for pakistan to bring the perpetrators of the november 2008 terrorist strike in mumbai and 2016 pathankot attack to justice.
;;-0.8271;;pramod adhikarithe two dalit students who interrupted prime minister narendramodi have told the indian express that they were upset over his silence on rohith vemulas death.
;;0.0;;commenting on the nhrc notice,rathod said,while chief minister narendramodi went around the country boasting about development in the state,dalit students are not getting their dues in the state.
;;-0.34;;azad rose to speak after the speech by prime minister narendramodi in which he had indirectly referred to the disruptions in the house.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi in allahabad (source: pmo india/twitter) pm narendramodi in allahabad (source: pmo india/twitter)prime minister narendramodi spoke at the 150-year celebrations of allahabad high court.
;;0.7096;;12: 53 pm: pm narendramodi also urged those involved with the start-up sector to innovate on aspects where technology can help the judiciary.
;;0.25;;a vision document, issued after the talks between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin in st petersburg, had said both the countries decided to work towards a qualitatively higher level of military-to military cooperation.
;;0.4019;;several leaders from many parties, including prime minister narendramodi , had attended the event in patna.
;;0.4215;;(file)prime minister narendramodi handpicked a trusted bureaucrat, little known outside indias financial circles, to spearhead a radical move to abolish 86 percent of the countrys cash overnight and take aim at the huge shadow economy.
;;-0.4404;;b'prime minister narendramodi faces his toughest electoral battle in karnataka in may this year.
;;-0.4404;;express photo prime minister narendramodi faces his toughest electoral battle in karnataka in may this year.
;;0.4939;;express photoprime minister narendramodi is pulling out all stops in his campaign to win karnataka as he works to halt the oppositions momentum and smooth his way to re-election in 2019.
;;-0.4767;;the campaign by bjp rebels led by former chief minister keshubhai patel against chief minister narendramodi has now turned into a full-scale attack on top bjp leaders,with dissidents now shedding their earlier restraint.
;;0.0;;tweeting an old picture with jayendra, prime minister narendramodi stated that he was at the forefront of innumerable community initiatives.
;;0.0;;the tamil nadu chief minister has written to prime minister narendramodi asking for the issue to be raised at the highest level with sri lanka.
;;0.3182;;raising the fishermens issue, the tamil nadu government had on february 2 sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention in securing release of 25 fishermen and 119 fishing boats from lankan custody.
;;0.0258;;file photo: prime minister narendramodi during his road show in varanasi (source: pti photo) file photo: prime minister narendramodi during his road show in varanasi (source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi will be face of the bjp in the gujarat assembly elections due later this year, according to senior state party leaders who see these polls in his home state as a battle of prestige.
;;-0.2263;;harsha moily had denied posting the tweet, which had created a ripple among political circles, with state bjp president b s yeddyurappa justifying prime minister narendramodi modis remark (at a recent public rally in karnataka) that siddaramaiahs rule is a 10 per cent commission government.
;;0.6369;;in picture, pm narendramodi (express photo by renuka puri) in picture, pm narendramodi (express photo by renuka puri)saluting workers on labour day, prime minister narendramodi said they play a big role in the countrys progress.
;;0.2732;;soon after pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif attending the swearing-in ceremony of the newly-elected nda prime minister narendramodi in may this year, pakistan has agreed to release only 57 boats out of the 847.
;;0.8442;;he said the party has given a show cause notice to a district leader in western garo hills region who had reportedly announced a beef party to celebrate prime minister narendramodi modis three years in office.
;;-0.7181;;chowdhury described mamata banerjee and prime minister narendramodi as both sides of a same coin, who neither respect democratic values nor the promises they had made before elections.
;;0.1135;;he said banerjee claimed that in his recent meeting with narendramodi she discussed various issues affecting the the state, but if she were really serious she would not have missed several meetings of niti ayog.
;;0.8126;;prime minister narendramodi said he was looking forward to interacting with beneficiaries of the mudra yojana (pmmy) scheme (express photo/prem nath pandey/file) prime minister narendramodi said he was looking forward to interacting with beneficiaries of the mudra yojana (pmmy) scheme (express photo/prem nath pandey/file)prime minister narendramodi tuesday interacted with beneficiaries of the mudra yojana (pmmy) scheme.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi will travel to sri lanka on may 11 to attend the biggest buddhist festival, vesak day.
;;0.7717;;b'pm narendramodi with nawaz sharif pm narendramodi with nawaz sharifbarely three weeks ago, prime minister narendramodi made an unannounced visit to lahore and agreed with prime minister nawaz sharif that the two countries will carry forward the agreement on comprehensive bilateral dialogue reached between the two countries.
;;0.3612;;being viewed as an assured seat for bjp, prime minister narendramodi had held rallies in madarihat.
;;0.7351;;pm modi invokes chaudhary charan singh to woo farmers in jatland bijnorin a bid to woo the farming community, prime minister narendramodi said bjp will waive off loans of all small farmers once voted to power.
;;0.0;;in view of the mounting rumours, prime minister narendramodi asked governor vidyasagar rao to meet the chief minister in hospital.
;;-0.5267;;singh told the police he wanted prime minister narendramodi to take revenge for the beheading of the two indian army soldiers in the hands of the pakistani army earlier this week.
;;-0.1027;;chidambaram also questioned the government over its claim that a cabinet meeting took place on november 8 before prime minister narendramodi announced the move to demonetise.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will include the nhpm in his independence day speech.
;;0.0;;(pti photo/pib) prime minister narendramodi will include the nhpm in his independence day speech.
;;0.0;;(pti photo/pib)the ayushman bharat-national health protection mission (nhpm) is likely to be a part of prime minister narendramodi modis independence day speech.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modichina on monday welcomed prime minister narendramodi modis remarks in russia that not a single bullet has been fired at sino-india border in the last 40 years despite the simmering boundary dispute between the two neighbours.
;;0.8519;;referring to the comments made by chief minister k palaniswami at the niti aayog meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi last week, panneerselvam said he endorsed his (palaniswamis) views and expressed hope that the budget would spell out appropriate strategies, supported with substantial increase in allocation of resources.
;;0.5423;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi today met prime minister manmohan singh and sought the withdrawal of the income-tax notice to the state for mous signed during the vibrant gujarat meet.
;;0.6908;;b'state congress president arjun modhwadia friday alleged that the visit by three us republican congressmen and a few not-so-famous businessmen organised by the overseas friends of bjp was a marketing gimmick to promote chief minister narendramodi nationally and globally.
;;0.0;;the makers of a biopic on swami vivekananda have roped in chief minister narendramodi to launch the movies promotional campaign by screening it for him and his entire cabinet on tuesday.
;;0.0772;;(source: pti)accepting indian cricket team captain virat kohlis challenge, prime minister narendramodi posted wednesday a video of his exercise routine.
;;0.0387;;twitter.com/km3345guv2  narendramodi (@narendramodi) june 13, 2018he also nominated karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy for the challenge, but didnt get the response he may have expected.
;;0.5106;;bjp sources said the party would invite gujarat chief minister narendramodi for campaigning in the state.
;;0.7096;;it also depicts the gains from advancement in the social sector, adoption of technology and energy security, prime minister narendramodi tweeted.
;;0.0;;varanasi railway station, situated in prime minister narendramodi modis lok sabha constituency, was placed 14th.
;;-0.4854;;in the first phone conversation between prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump since the special status of jammu and kashmir was revoked two weeks ago, modi told trump that extreme rhetoric and incitement to anti-india violence by certain leaders in the region was not conducive to peace.
;;0.4215;;a white house statement on monday night said: today, president donald j. trump spoke with prime minister narendramodi of india to discuss regional developments and the united states-india strategic partnership.
;;-0.395;;targeting the recent investors summit, chaudhary said while pm narendramodi must have covered about 90 per cent of all foreign countries, but could not attract foreign investment.
;;0.3612;;indirectly referring to prime minister narendramodi modis election speech, chaudhary said, wada kiya that usne ki sab muskurayenge ulta para hai daun, ab sab ro rahe hain (he had promised that everyone will smilebut now everyone is crying).
;;-0.0018;;(source: ani)union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi on saturday attacked congress vice president rahul gandhi for his comments that prime minister narendramodi was more interested in peeping into bathrooms of people.
;;0.0;;he said chief minister arvind kejriwal is not concerned about what is happening at ground level and instead, he only focuses on how to defame prime minister narendramodi and his government.
;;0.5719;;watch video: whats making newsthe jibe was apparently targeted at prime minister narendramodi who contested and won the 2014 lok sabha polls from varanasi.
;;0.0;;sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, crown prince of abu dhabi and son of the uaes founding president, was the chief guest at the parade this year as he joins prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee for the occasion.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi touched upon balochistan issue in his independence day speech .
;;0.0;;(express photo by renuka puri) prime minister narendramodi touched upon balochistan issue in his independence day speech .
;;0.0;;(express photo by renuka puri)pakistan on thursday said prime minister narendramodi crossed the red line by talking about balochistan and asserted that it will forcefully raise the kashmir issue at the un general assembly session next month.
;;0.0;;may will hold talks with indian prime minister narendramodi during her visit, and the two heads of government will together inaugurate a tech summit in new delhi.
;;0.0;;a year ago, prime minister narendramodi pledged to phase out single-use plastics by 2022.
;;-0.7579;;pti photoaiadmk general secretary vk sasikala wednesday wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi seeking promulgation of an ordinance for conduct of the bull taming sport jallikattu, noting that the ban on it had caused resentment in the state.
;;-0.8126;;the april-may election was expected to be a referendum on prime minister narendramodi modis five-year government, but the focus of the bjps campaign was national security, following the pulwama terror attack in february and indias air strike on pakistans balakot.
;;0.0;;b'delhi cm and aap chief arvind kejriwal delhi cm and aap chief arvind kejriwalin a letter written to union home minister rajnath singh tuesday, chief minister arvind kejriwal alleged that when prime minister narendramodi is in india, most of his time is spent in subjects related to the delhi government.
;;-0.25;;b'a printers conference,which will begin here later this week,has got into a controversy with several participants pulling out to protest participation of gujarat chief minister narendramodi as the chief guest.
;;-0.3818;;we are both shocked and dismayed to see that romancing print has seen fit to invite narendramodi as its chief guest to this years editionwe fail to understand why,in the first place,a political figure who neither has anything to do with the print industry nor holds any official position in this regard should have been invited as chief guest when there is no dearth of professionals from the publishing and print industry who could lend both grace and dignity to an event such as this, said indu chandrasekhar of tulika books.
;;-0.2755;;we do not agree with the content of your seminar and invitation of narendramodi as a chief guest, he said.
;;0.4215;;b'prime minister narendramodi embarks on a five-day visit to sweden, united kingdom and germany.
;;0.4215;;(pmo twitter) prime minister narendramodi embarks on a five-day visit to sweden, united kingdom and germany.
;;0.0;;(pmo twitter)prime minister narendramodi on monday left for a five-day visit to sweden and the uk, where he will attend the commonwealth heads of government meeting (chogm).
;;-0.8074;;(express file photo)karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah today wrote to prime minister narendramodi claiming that the centres ban on sale and purchase of cattle at animal markets for slaughter was unconstitutional and that it would have a far-reaching negative impact on the society and economy.
;;0.0;;tamil nadu chief minister jayalalithaa tamil nadu chief minister jayalalithaatamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa has sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention in the repatriation of 63 stranded indian fishermen in saudi arabia.
;;0.0;;after prime minister narendramodi assumed office, new delhi moved away from its traditional policy of pursuing early de-escalation of loc clashes.
;;0.0;;president pranab mukherjee (left), turkish president tayyip erdogan (centre) and prime minister narendramodi at rashtrapati bhavan, new delhi.
;;0.0;;image: rashtrapati bhavan/facebook president pranab mukherjee (left), turkish president tayyip erdogan (centre) and prime minister narendramodi at rashtrapati bhavan, new delhi.
;;0.0;;image: rashtrapati bhavan/facebookturkey president tayyip erdogan held bilateral talks with prime minister narendramodi on monday.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/pgsc0tad2c  narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 1, 2017further cementing cultural ties between india and turkey was also discussed during the deliberations with president @rt_erdogan.
;;0.0;;20 am: president erdogan and prime minister narendramodi are currently attending the india-turkey trade summit in new delhi.
;;0.2732;;in fact, prime minister narendramodi was not expected to attend the meeting, taking many by surprise.
;;0.0;;turkish president recep tayyip erdogan and prime minister narendramodi at india  turkey business event in delhi pic.
;;0.0;;00 am: at the ficci meeting, president erdogan will be accompanied by prime minister narendramodi who is also likely to address the gathering of business leaders from both the nations.
;;0.0;;erdogan will soonmeet with prime minister narendramodi at hyderabad house.
;;0.0;;delhi: turkish president recep tayyip erdogan with president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi at rashtrapati bhawan pic.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , however, has met president erdogan.
;;0.7089;;even as work on one of the most ambitious projects of the narendramodi government,the 182-metre-tall statue of unity,is set to start soon with tender floated for the same a few days ago,a much smaller statue of sardar patel in comparison,situated in front of the narmada dam,has continued to attract visitors coming to view the overflowing dam for more than a decade.
;;0.0;;as chief minister narendramodi plans to build the worlds tallest statue of sardar patel near narmada dam,his senior,l k advani had paid tributes to sardar patel more than a decade back at the dam site.
;;0.0;;express photo by vishal srivastav pm narendramodi , bjp national president amit shah at new chief minister yogi adityamaths oath taking ceremony at smriti upvan in lucknow on sunday.
;;-0.2263;;express photo by vishal srivastavas the yogi adityanath-led government took over in uttar pradesh, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the sole mission and motive is development of the state, in an apparent bid to allay apprehensions over the hardline hindutva mascot becoming the chief minister.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi modis reply to the debate on the motion of thanks to the presidents speech in the lok sabha offered a sobering glimpse of the election campaign to come.
;;-0.34;;addressing reporters, he said, i brought to notice of prime minister narendramodi the incidents of electrical transformers catching fire in various parts of country, which may be due to over loading.
;;0.5859;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi has qualities of a successful army commander as he ensures compliance with deadlines,general officer commanding (goc) major general i s singha of the golden katar division said here today.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (source: pti) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti)prime minister narendramodi arrived on monday on the third leg of his five-nation tour during which he will hold talks with swiss president johann schneider-ammann to deepen bilateral and multilateral cooperation.
;;0.0951;;also read | aap-lg standoff live: delhi hc pulls up kejriwal govt, says cant hold strike in someones officejune 14, thursday:kejriwal wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi asking him to urgently intervene in the issue.
;;0.2716;;prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo)prime minister narendramodi will visit sri lanka next month to take part in the celebrations marking the un vesak day, the most important in the buddhist calendar.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with pakistan president mamnoon hussain and chinas xi jinping at the signing ceremony in qingdao, china, sunday.
;;0.0;;(reuters photo) prime minister narendramodi with pakistan president mamnoon hussain and chinas xi jinping at the signing ceremony in qingdao, china, sunday.
;;0.7964;;explained | takeaways from qingdaoprime minister narendramodi laid the ground for indias opposition to the project during his plenary speech when he said that india welcomed connectivity projects that respected the sovereignty and territorial integrity of nations.
;;0.4019;;president xi jinping welcomes prime minister narendramodi for a meeting at the shanghai cooperation organisation summit in qingdao sunday.
;;0.4019;;(ap photo) president xi jinping welcomes prime minister narendramodi for a meeting at the shanghai cooperation organisation summit in qingdao sunday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in qingdao, china, on saturday.
;;0.0;;(twitter/@meaindia) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in qingdao, china, on saturday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in qingdao in china on saturday.
;;0.0;;(reuters) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in qingdao in china on saturday.
;;0.3818;;chief minister narendramodi on sunday recounted the contrast in growth with gujarat he saw in west bengal and tamil nadu during his visits for campaign to the two poll-bound states.
;;0.2732;;panagariya said prime minister narendramodi has committed to doubling farm income by 2022 and the government is bringing in reforms on the technology front and pricing towards that direction.
;;-0.2263;;he attacked the bharatiya janata party (bjp) for failing to provide a clean delhi, saying it had backstabbed prime minister narendramodi by not implementing his swachh bharat campaign.
;;0.0;;the implementation of ayushman bharat pradhan mantri jan arogya yojana (ab-pmjay)  prime minister narendramodi modis mega healthcare scheme  has led to more than 1,200 patients being treated in ram manohar lohia (rml) hospital and aiims, data provided by the hospitals shows.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi accused predecessor manmohan singh of looking the other way while a lot of scams and corruption occurred when he was in office, in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.7184;;pti prime minister narendramodi accused predecessor manmohan singh of looking the other way while a lot of scams and corruption occurred when he was in office, in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.5106;;moreover, it is the responsibility of everyone to blindly trust this assumption because our prime minister narendramodi is himself saying it.
;;0.6369;;claiming that the newly-built gujarat bhavan of the state government in new delhi will be the best among all states, deputy chief minister nitin patel said on wednesday that prime minister narendramodi will be inaugurating the structure built at a cost of rs 131 crore, on september 2.
;;-0.5423;;also, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal had on monday released a video message saluting prime minister narendramodi for the surgical strikes across the loc and urging him to unmask pakistans propaganda.
;;0.0;;(file)a book comprising select speeches of prime minister narendramodi , given during his tenure as gujarat chief minister, are to be distributed to ias officers in rajasthan, officials said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;as chief minister, shri narendramodi had taken several initiatives of which chintan shibir was unique, without any precedent in the administrative history of the country.
;;-0.2023;;holding the bjp government there responsible for mishandling the situation, he demanded that prime minister narendramodi seek chouhans resignation.
;;0.2263;;council president amar doltani said chief minister narendramodi was to attend the concluding function but could not make it due to prior engagements.
;;0.128;;he was prime minister narendramodi modis go-to man and a key strategist on economic policy and legal issues.
;;0.5106;;it is in a convoy that the motor transport section recently enjoyed its finest hour, displaying its newly acquired royal enfield bullet patrol motorbikes for the visit of prime minister narendramodi to mumbai last year.
;;0.7184;;shukla cited the supreme court september 12 directions on zakia jafris petition against chief minister narendramodi and 61 others while giving his reply.
;;0.34;;the meeting is in consonance with what prime minister narendramodi announced at the nuclear security summit held in washington in april last year.
;;-0.128;;he called it prime minister narendramodi modis surgical strike.
;;-0.1531;;khans address to the nation came after prime minister narendramodi , during his meeting with us president donald trump on the sidelines of the g7 summit in france on monday, categorically rejected any scope for third party mediation between india and pakistan on kashmir.
;;0.34;;contractors and labourers, along with security personnel, have been on the site daily for almost a year and are now trying to put everything in place in time for the inauguration by prime minister narendramodi , expected at the end of july.
;;0.0;;yechury also took a swipe at prime minister narendramodi modis statement during an interview that vishwas (confidence) and vikas is needed to for the restive kashmir.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with kenyan president uhuru kenyatta at rashtrapati bhavan on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by amit mehra) prime minister narendramodi with kenyan president uhuru kenyatta at rashtrapati bhavan on wednesday.
;;0.5267;;the announcement followed talks between prime minister narendramodi and kenyan president uhuru kenyatta during which they agreed to deepen economic cooperation and expand trade.
;;-0.3182;;pm narendramodi (file photo) pm narendramodi (file photo)pinning hopes on dr t haque, an eminent agriculture economist who is considered close to prime minister narendramodi , punjab on friday urged him to prepare a farm loan waiver plan to bail out the state government and its farmers out of crisis.
;;-0.6369;;the writ petition has demanded that chief minister narendramodi and others be summoned for their cross-examination in connection with their alleged role in the 2002 riots.
;;0.0;;zadaphia who later parted ways with the bjp is seen as cm narendramodi modis bete noire.
;;0.5423;;in the reader poll, prime minister narendramodi did not appear to garner any or at least a significant amount of the yes votes, with his percentage showing as 0 per cent.
;;-0.1027;;(express photo by prashant ravi)rashtriya janata dal (rjd) chief lalu prasad on thursday asked prime minister narendramodi whether he would quit if he was unable to keep his promise of addressing problems people were facing because of demonetisation within 50 days.
;;0.0;;(reuters) narendramodi in singapore live: earlier on friday, pm modi spoke at a joint press conference with his singapore counterpart lee hsien loong.
;;0.0;;(reuters)on day 2 of his singapore visit, prime minister narendramodi delivered the keynote address at the shangri-la dialogue.
;;-0.4341;;asked to comment on prime minister narendramodi modis reference to balochistan on his i-day speech and his vietnam visit, dikshit replied in a lighter tone saying, as he is pm, so no comment.
;;0.0;;b'although prime minister narendramodi and his predecessor, manmohan singh, have often used the term in their speeches over the years, there has been much resistance to the idea of the indo-pacific in the indian establishment.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) although prime minister narendramodi and his predecessor, manmohan singh, have often used the term in their speeches over the years, there has been much resistance to the idea of the indo-pacific in the indian establishment.
;;0.0;;although prime minister narendramodi and his predecessor, manmohan singh, have often used the term in their speeches over the years, there has been much resistance to the idea of the indo-pacific in the indian establishment.
;;0.4588;;on december 31, prime minister narendramodi had announced interest subsidy of up to 4 per cent on loans taken in the new year under the pradhan mantri awaas yojana.
;;-0.6083;;reversing or not honouring agreements made by previous governments is a trend in nepal, only matched by indias poor record in implementing projects it has undertaken, something prime minister narendramodi promised to rectify when he visited nepal in july 2014.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi had said at an election rally in mau, the home turf of gangster-turned-politician mukhtar ansari on february 27, that jails in up were virtually converted into palaces for criminals where they enjoyed all facilities and luxury.
;;-0.4215;;68 meters (full reservoir level) has been completed during the reign of our bjp government it was narendramodi , who after becoming the pm, gave the permission to raise the height of the dam, patel said as the congress members started protesting.
;;0.34;;a day after delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal made fun of prime minister narendramodi in tweets on reliance jio ad featuring him, rjd chief lalu prasad yadav took to twitter as well to ridicule the advertisement.
;;0.4019;;lalu prasad yadav (@laluprasadrjd) september 3, 2016the apparent dig comes just a day after the aam aadmi party and congress slammed pm narendramodi over front page newspaper advertisements that used his photo to announce the launch of reliance jio 4g services in the country.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi launched the accessible india campaign for achieving universal accessibility through creation of barrier-free environment, she said.
;;-0.4404;;(file photo)adding to the woes of jammu and kashmir assembly speaker dr nirmal singh, jammu chamber of commerce and industry  a frontal organisation of traders and industrialists  here on tuesday asked prime minister narendramodi to sack him immediately for his utterances against the indian army.
;;0.0;;industrialists from across the state met at morbi in rajkot district,the ceramic hub of india,on wednesday and decided to make a representation to chief minister narendramodi on november 22.
;;0.0;;the meeting, to be chaired by prime minister narendramodi , is also expected to finalise the fitment of various goods and services into five slabs under the gst regime.
;;0.0;;b'u.s. president barack obama, left, and indian prime minister narendramodi walking together.
;;0.0;;(source: ap file photo) u.s. president barack obama, left, and indian prime minister narendramodi walking together.
;;-0.4404;;noting that while the indo-us civil nuclear deal added positive energy to the relationship but (it was) restricted by the domestic and international fissures, it says that prime minister narendramodi modis recent visit to the us is a defining moment, which has broken the three barriers of historical inhibitions in the bilateral engagement.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi has realised that the aadhaar card might be a congress scheme but it has a solid base.
;;-0.4215;;jung, who has openly attacked the aap government after last weeks delhi high court order ruling that the lg was the citys administrative head, also said an apology was due from chief minister arvind kejriwal to prime minister narendramodi for him calling names.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , in an election speech in the state, had said that over 40 tmc legislators were in touch with the bjp.
;;-0.8689;;west bengal state congress president adhir chowdhury (file) west bengal state congress president adhir chowdhury (file)west bengal state congress president adhir chowdhury today wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi , drawing his attention to the violence during yesterdays municipal poll and the murder of democracy.
;;-0.4767;;panneerselvam also dismissed accusation by sasikala that he was colluding with dmk and by others that prime minister narendramodi and bjp were backing him.
;;0.0;;the open shooting in the heart of the city comes just two days before the arrival of prime minister narendramodi , who will inaugurate the new vadodara airport terminal in harni.
;;0.0;;one of the bureaucrats being repatriated is joint secretary in the union ministry of commerce and industry,anil mukim,who served as additional principal secretary to chief minister narendramodi in the tumultuous year of 2002 and after.
;;-0.2263;;pti photobsp chief mayawati on thursday demanded that prime minister narendramodi make a statement in parliament on the issue of atrocities on dalits.
;;0.0;;in october last year, prime minister narendramodi had met the family members of netaji and announced that the government would declassify the files relating to the leader whose disappearance 70 years ago remains a mystery.
;;-0.8176;;prime minister narendramodi had last evening tweeted: saddened by the loss of lives caused by a stampede in west bengal.
;;-0.8316;;speaking about the airstrikes in balakot, pakistan, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that pakistan will die its own death.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi , who is in spain today as part of a four-nation trip to europe, condemned the attack on twitter.
;;-0.4767;;read: kabul blast: prime minister narendramodi condemns attack, says india stands with afghanistanseveral hours after the explosion, ambulances crowded the scene as rescue workers pulled out bodies from the rubble.
;;0.0;;(express photo by amit mehra/file)prime minister narendramodi will on friday meet his bangladeshi counterpart, sheikh hasina, on the sidelines of visva bharatis convocation.
;;0.8979;;a day after prime minister narendramodi met his bhutan counterpart dr lotay tshering, india and bhutan reaffirmed their shared security interests and reiterated their commitment to maintain close co-ordination on matters affecting each others security and national interests.
;;0.0;;wuhan, china: prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping along the east lake, in wuhan, china on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo/ pib) wuhan, china: prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping along the east lake, in wuhan, china on saturday.
;;0.4215;;briefing reporters at the end of the two-day informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi in the central chinese city, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said they proposed collaboration in the areas of spirituality, trade, technology, tradition and entertainment including films.
;;0.7845;;(ie photo: subham dutta)bharatiya janata partys prime ministerial candidate narendramodi on wednesday was critical of the west bengal government, but did not seek to cross swords with trinamool congress supremo mamata banerjee, saying that while she could work for the development of the state, he be given an opportunity to serve its people from the centre.
;;-0.4019;;nearly 18 months after prime minister narendramodi and president barack obama set a scorching pace for elevating the us-india strategic partnership, the old demons relating to pakistan may be returning to haunt the relationship.
;;0.7964;;he said prime minister narendramodi had tried his best to improve relationships with pakistan.
;;-0.6908;;in its fir,the dcb had claimed that sadiq was a lashkar-e-toiba operative and had planned to kill chief minister narendramodi and vhp leader pravin togadia.
;;0.4767;;bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi will woo industrial labourers and youth,when he kicks off his first rally in the state at nirala nagar ground in kanpur on october 15.
;;0.2732;;chief minister and bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi has asked party functionaries to increasingly tap the potential of rti and social media during campaign to expose corruption under congress rule at the centre and states.
;;0.4767;;now, the nation-wide drive against single-use plastic has been renewed with vigour after prime minister narendramodi appealed to citizens to join the movement against it.
;;0.0;;the affidavit, however, did not mention anything on prime minister narendramodi modis announcement on november 8 when he had also said people would be permitted to exchange old notes until march 31, 2017.
;;0.0;;even as chief minister narendramodi observed his sixth sadbhavana mission fast on saturday,state bjps minority cell president mehboob ali chisti claimed muslims have been joining the bjp in hordes ever since the cm embarked on his goodwill mission.
;;0.5719;;to his mind, the success of the pdp-bjp alliance hinged on whether or not narendramodi could be an atal bihari vajpayee.
;;0.0;;mufti mohammad sayeed with prime minister narendramodi after the deal that made him chief minister with the bjp as partner.
;;0.0;;over congress president rahul gandhis comment that prime minister narendramodi will not be able to face the lok sabha even for 15 minutes, and that he will not be able to answer the oppositions queries, lekhi quipped, first sit in parliament for 15 minutes (15 minute sansad main baithay toh).
;;-0.4767;;watch | all out war in aiadmk, sasikala natarajan hits back at o panneerselvamread| o panneerselvam says he was forced to resign as tamil nadu cm, sasikala calls urgent cabinet meetops, as he is known in chennai, took his own time to assert himself, aware of the goodwill that prime minister narendramodi and his party leaders have for him, party sources said.
;;0.1531;;(file)prince charles will arrive in india on november 8 to invite prime minister narendramodi for the commonwealth heads of government meeting (chogm) that will be held next year in the uk.
;;0.7783;;even as the union cabinet proceeded to approve a proposal to honour bjps oldest ideological commitment of stripping jammu and kashmir of its special status, prime minister narendramodi advised his ministerial colleagues that there is no room for triumphalism and reminded them that its now that the heavy-lifting begins, sources told the indian express.
;;0.6908;;the two-week conference, in which india took over the presidency from china, saw prime minister narendramodi making a pitch for a world free of single-use plastic, and also enhanced indias voluntary commitment to save more land mass from degradation.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi expressed sadness over the demise of congress leader and rajya sabha member palvai govardhan reddy.
;;-0.4404;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi expressed sadness over the demise of congress leader and rajya sabha member palvai govardhan reddy.
;;-0.4404;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday expressed sadness over the demise of congress leader and rajya sabha member palvai govardhan reddy.
;;0.5106;;chief minister narendramodi had appreciated the project when these uvas,named netras,were displayed before him during the recent gujarat day function.
;;0.0;;narendra modi at g-7 summit highlights: prime minister narendramodi , who is in france to attend his first g-7 summit, spoke on climate change and biodiversity in a session on monday and reiterated indias stand on the issue.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi during an event in kolkata.
;;0.0;;file/pti photo prime minister narendramodi during an event in kolkata.
;;0.2023;;file/pti photoprime minister narendramodi on monday laid the foundation stone for a memorial of dr ambedkar in new delhi, which will cover the important aspects of his life.
;;0.0;;that stands in contrast to the $2 billion that prime minister narendramodi offered bangladesh during his last visit there.
;;0.34;;he would hence engage prime minister narendramodi on ideological and public issues on a regular basis.
;;0.7269;;what has surprised many in new delhi is mexico and switzerlands stand since both countries had promised support during prime minister narendramodi modis visit a few weeks ago.
;;0.2732;;the four mous were part of 22 agreements signed on saturday in the presence of the visiting bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina and prime minister narendramodi in new delhi.
;;0.7717;;so when k v thomas called on prime minister narendramodi last week to discuss some issues related to his lok sabha constituency, ernakulam, he took care to inform the top leadership of his party.
;;0.8176;;india was ready to support bangladesh with search and rescue efforts if needed, prime minister narendramodi modis office said in a statement.
;;-0.8748;;expressing immense grief over the incident, prime minister narendramodi said, deeply saddened by the bus accident in kullu.
;;0.5023;;in 2014, prime minister narendramodi had met the actor ahead of elections but both termed it a courtesy call.
;;0.7625;;that apart, in his independence day address to the nation, prime minister narendramodi declared that india will not bow before terrorism, and also brought up pakistani atrocities on people of baluchistan and pok, saying that they have thanked him for doing so.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi addressing a public meeting, at gajwel, medak district, in telangana on august sunday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi addressing a public meeting, at gajwel, medak district, in telangana on august sunday.
;;0.6478;;(source: pti)stating that gujarat is a very important state for the bjp, shiv sena spokesperson manisha kayande said on monday prime minister narendramodi modis remarks on atrocities against dalits by the so-called cow vigilantes was an attempt to save the sinking dalit votes in the state.
;;0.0;;(file photo)a three-member committee headed by prime minister narendramodi will meet on monday to decide on the chief of the countrys premier probe agency cbi.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi , in his independence day speech on august 15, 2014, giving nepals example, called upon the misguided youth of the country to shun terrorism and naxalism and opt for peace and brotherhood instead.
;;-0.2023;;he also took a swipe at prime minister narendramodi , claiming that he was campaigning even for local body elections while the entire work of governance was stalled.
;;0.0;;b'the issue of organising the saarc summit came up for discussion during a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and his nepalese counterpart k p sharma oli, who is in india on a three-day visit.
;;0.0;;(express photo by amit mehra) the issue of organising the saarc summit came up for discussion during a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and his nepalese counterpart k p sharma oli, who is in india on a three-day visit.
;;0.0;;the issue of organising the saarc summit came up for discussion during a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and his nepalese counterpart k p sharma oli, who is in india on a three-day visit.
;;0.1531;;party leaders say sadbhavana fasts seek to renew modis licence to commit crimegujarat congress president arjun modhawadia and porbandar mp vithhal radadia on sunday alleged that chief minister narendramodi was seeking support of criminals through his sadbhavana mission fasts to renew his licence to commit crime.
;;0.6369;;lauding gujarat chief minister narendramodi for his three-day fast for promoting communal harmony,maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray on monday said he would support modis bid for becoming prime minister.
;;0.4019;;taking to reporters here,thackeray said: i will support narendramodi for becoming prime minister.
;;0.0;;the fast of narendramodi is entirely different from the reasons being quoted by other people.
;;0.0;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal)in his widely noted parliament speech on february 7, prime minister narendramodi made the following claim about indias democracy.
;;0.8519;;(source: ap)prime minister narendramodi has congratulated russian president vladimir putin on his victory in the presidential polls and expressed hope that under his leadership, the indo-russia strategic partnership will continue to grow from strength to strength, the external affairs ministry said today.
;;0.4939;;resident commissioner of gujarat in delhi bharat lal, leading a high-level gujarat delegation to the us and canada, said prime minister narendramodi has ushered in a culture of competitive federalism in the country where states are competing with each other to attract foreign investments and technological expertise.
;;-0.7783;;b'in a written reply to congress mla farukh sheikh,chief minister narendramodi today said the state government has no plan to introduce any new welfare scheme for the victims of the 2002 riots.
;;-0.5574;;a unanimous 1994 parliamentary resolution mentions the illegal occupation of gilgit-baltistan, erstwhile northern areas, and prime minister narendramodi raised the issue of these territories during his independence day speech at the red fort.
;;0.0;;sources told news agency ani that the two bjp leaders on wednesday have briefed prime minister narendramodi on the election.
;;0.5574;;the union government will create a separate ministry for promoting entrepreneurship and skill development, prime minister narendramodi said.
;;0.5106;;ahmads invitation to narendramodi for jamias january 19 convocation had triggered a strong reaction from alumni.
;;0.0;;maneesh chhibber: there was a controversy over prime minister narendramodi being invited for the convocation ceremony at your university.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , too, has been invited but his participation is not yet confirmed.
;;0.0;;we have invited prime minister narendramodi and gujarat chief minister vijay rupani to attend the first test match, himanshu shah, sca media manager, said.
;;0.6249;;he said although prime minister narendramodi had proposed one nation-one election concept in the all-party meeting, which he also supported, this concept cannot be implemented unless all political parties reach a consensus.
;;0.0;;advertisingjaishankar, who arrived here on tuesday on a two-day visit finalise the preparations for prime minister narendramodi modis forthcoming visit to russia, said that i first came here almost to the date exactly 40 years ago and in 40 years lot of things have changed, the world has changed, russia and india have changed.
;;0.0;;pti photo by shahbaz khan(pti9_7_2017_000095b)it is generally assumed that prime minister narendramodi effected the changes in his ministerial team unilaterally.
;;0.8625;;but, thanks to narendramodi modis blessings, irani was made a rajya sabha mp from gujarat in 2011 and appointed hrd minister in 2014.
;;-0.6808;;pm narendramodi giving media statement during joint press interaction with us president barack obama (source: pib)terming terrorism as a principal global threat, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said there should be no distinction between terrorist groups and pressed for countries to fulfil their commitment to wipe out their safe havens and bring them to justice.
;;0.3102;;with prime minister narendramodi in the house, azad told parliamentary affairs minister prahlad joshi that if he comes more often and engages with the opposition more, a lot of things can be mended.
;;0.5267;;while union minister and balasore mp pratap chandra sarangi heaped praises on prime minister narendramodi and said the upa regime was a period of policy paralysis, congresss leader in lok sabha adhir ranjan chowdhury said modi is a very big salesman.
;;0.0;;using the occasion of b r ambedkars birth anniversary,gujarat chief minister narendramodi today took a swipe at prime minister manmohan singh for not voting in the just concluded assembly elections in assam.
;;0.3818;;last week, i attended the indian science congress, where i had hoped to meet with prime minister narendramodi , express some of my concerns and recommendations regarding the state of basic science in india.
;;0.7096;;watch video | setback for sasikala, top aiadmk leader e madhusudanan joins panneerselvam campsources said although the bjp did not initially have any serious reservations against new party chief v k sasikala becoming the chief minister, prime minister narendramodi later decided that the party will not back her since her elevation will come with too much baggage.
;;-0.0516;;b'it shares its landline telephone number with bluekraft digital foundation, which is the technology and knowledge partner to exam warriors, the latest book authored by prime minister narendramodi to help children fight exam stress.
;;-0.0516;;it shares its landline telephone number with bluekraft digital foundation, which is the technology and knowledge partner to exam warriors, the latest book authored by prime minister narendramodi to help children fight exam stress.
;;-0.0516;;it shares its landline telephone number with bluekraft digital foundation, which is the technology and knowledge partner to exam warriors, the latest book authored by prime minister narendramodi to help children fight exam stress.
;;0.0;;rajesh jain, a technology entrepreneur was involved in narendramodi modis campaign for the 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.6369;;b'batting for gujarat chief minister narendramodi as prime ministerial candidate,eminent lawyer and rajya sabha mp ram jethmalani today said modi would be the best choice for the post.
;;0.6369;;in my opinion narendramodi will be the best prime minister of the country, jethmalani told reporters replying to query during a visit here.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi speaks frequently, tweets extensively and writes sparingly.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , leader of the house arun jaitley and leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad were present.
;;0.128;;(reuters)can the national agriculture market (nam)  the online trading portal for farm produce being launched by prime minister narendramodi today  make a difference to farmers?
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had earlier proposed holding simultaneous elections to the lok sabha and state assemblies.
;;0.128;;consequent to the launch of the swachh bharat abhiyan on october 2, 2014 by prime minister narendramodi , the railways launched swachh rail, swachh bharat abhiyan.
;;-0.128;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on saturday hinted at a crackdown on benami properties, and said the congress is worried as such assets of its leaders will not be spared in his governments action.
;;0.2023;;b'the white house press secretary said that it was important to build on the relationship that has been established under the leadership of pm narendramodi and barack obama.
;;0.2023;;(source: pti photo) the white house press secretary said that it was important to build on the relationship that has been established under the leadership of pm narendramodi and barack obama.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , he said, was just at the white house a couple of weeks ago.
;;-0.5994;;(ap photo)prime minister narendramodi on thursday condemned the bomb attack on the american university of afghanistan in kabul that left twelve people, including seven students, three police and two security guards, dead while injuring over 30 people.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi welcomed the verdict and congratulated the icj.
;;0.4404;;she thanked prime minister narendramodi for the initiative to take jadhavs case before the icj.
;;0.2263;;lord adam patel of blackburn has drawn flaks from social and political activists for offering his support to gujarat chief minister narendramodi in the controversy over whartons business school cancelling cms speech.
;;0.2023;;a top american lawmaker has urged his congressional colleagues to attend prime minister narendramodi modis public address in houston later this month, according to a media report.
;;0.0;;the faiims had written to prime minister narendramodi and union health minister j p nadda in this regard.
;;0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday paid tributes to dalit icon dr bhimrao ambedkar in nagpur on the occasion of his birth anniversary even as he sought to give credit for the bhim app to the visionary indian leader.
;;-0.4404;;he denied that prime minister narendramodi or bjp chief amit shah hold the remote control of the maharashtra government.
;;0.0;;kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan called on prime minister narendramodi at his residence here saturday and expressed the states reservation on the privatisation of thiruvananthapuram international airport.
;;-0.5267;;actor-turned-bjp mp shatrughan sinha today hailed prime minister narendramodi and the army for the recent surgical strikes in pakistan-occupied kashmir, but stressed that talks with the neighbouring country should continue uninterrupted.
;;0.5106;;ayodhya has a significant place in the minds of the people, and both prime minister narendramodi and up chief minister yogi adityanath are keen to see the city developed, singh said.
;;0.0;;the lions are part of a pet project of gujarat chief minister narendramodi and he has gone on record against their transfer within or outside india.
;;0.7003;;the minister,who visited sasan gir sanctuary in junagadh district,the only abode of asiatic lions,said he is hopeful that the narendramodi government will agree to the proposal of having a second home for gujarat lions in mp.
;;0.0;;(file photo)shiv sena president uddhav thackeray has not been invited to any of the make in india week events to be held in mumbai where prime minister narendramodi will preside, including the gala dinner of february 13, though he will be a part of other programmes.
;;0.3182;;lessons on life stories of prominent leaders including the prime minister narendramodi would also be a part of syllabus.
;;-0.3612;;we are also including lessons on the lives of narendramodi , shivraj singh chouhan, abul kalam azad who himself was a product of madarsa, apj abdul kalam, pandit deendayal upadhyaya and others to educate madarsa students about their life struggles and their achievements, he told pti.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and other cabinet minsters.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and other cabinet minsters.
;;0.3612;;in the expansion, the second since prime minister narendramodi took over in may, 2014 new faces like anupriya patel, an obc lok sabha member of ally apna dal in uttar pradesh, besides bjp mps s s ahluwalia (west bengal) and purushottam rupala, a rajya sabha member from gujarat, may be inducted.
;;0.4215;;mishra, currently functioning as additional principal secretary to prime minister narendramodi and sinha, who is osd in the pmo, took over their respective charge wednesday.
;;-0.296;;soon after prime minister narendramodi left the red fort after delivering his independence day speech, security personnel struggled to stop a woman from punjab, who insisted on meeting him.
;;0.0;;hitting out at prime minister narendramodi for selectively talking about laws that do not apply to the state, the congress leader said, i can list out 90 other laws that apply to j&k.
;;0.0;;he was responding to questions on prime minister narendramodi modis informal summits with chinese president xi jinping last month and russian president vladimir putin on monday.
;;-0.3007;;after spending roughly 17 hours in a specially-designed meditation cave near the kedarnath shrine in uttarakhand, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said he visits holy places, but never asks god for anything.
;;0.0258;;the increase in maoist aggression comes just five days before prime minister narendramodi is set to visit the district on april 14.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (left) shakes hands with chinese president xi jinping as they visit an exhibition of cultural relics at the hubei provincial museum in wuhan in central chinas hubei province on april 27, 2018.
;;0.0;;(pang xinlei/xinhua via ap/file) prime minister narendramodi (left) shakes hands with chinese president xi jinping as they visit an exhibition of cultural relics at the hubei provincial museum in wuhan in central chinas hubei province on april 27, 2018.
;;0.0;;he sought a report from the health ministry on how many of the aspirational districts, as prime minister narendramodi recently chose to call the backward districts, are part of the national dialysis programme.
;;0.0;;during his poll campaign, prime minister narendramodi had said the first decision of the new up government under the bjp would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers.
;;0.7269;;as a true statesman, prime minister narendramodi must rise above petty politics and demonstrate his commitment to what he himself promised: cooperative federalism.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and union minister for transport and shipping nitin gadkari get much credit for clearing the many bureaucratic obstacles in new delhi and intensifying the political dialogue with tehran to clinch the deal on chabahar.
;;-0.2023;;according to sources, the centre recommended imposition of presidents rule to mukherjee late on saturday night, shortly after a decision to the effect was taken at an emergency meeting of the union cabinet called by prime minister narendramodi at 9:30 pm on saturday.
;;-0.7964;;threats dont work in a sporting organisation,nothing decided yet: praful patel,aiff on aizwal fc threatening protests if they are demoted  ani (@ani_news) 5 may 2017it may be recalled here that the newly crowned champions of india,aizawl fc have been contemplating to protest by fasting unto death if they are excluded from the proposed indian super league (isl) and the i-league mergerin a letter to the all india football federation (aiff), the aizawl fc officials have also said that they would write to the union sports minister vijay goel, prime minister narendramodi and also to asian football confederation (afc) president salman bin ibrahim al-khalifa.
;;-0.8807;;india and israel have vowed to cooperate to combat the menace of terrorism and further deepen their bilateral relations ahead of the proposed visit of prime minister narendramodi to the jewish state next month.
;;0.4939;;both prime minister narendramodi and chief minister adityanath have an rss background and can rely upon the honesty of rss workers.
;;0.9169;;b'prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah(representational image) (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah(representational image) (pti photo)presenting a report card of two years of narendramodi government, bjp chief amit shah friday credited the party for giving a decisive government and said in the remaining three years of its tenure all the promises made in the run up to 2014 lok sabha polls will be fulfilled.
;;-0.34;;the ljp, which draws its electoral base from dalits in bihar, has also written a letter to prime minister narendramodi , urging him that the government should file a review petition against the order which has made the act toothless.
;;-0.836;;the open letter to prime minister narendramodi , signed, among others, by filmmakers shyam benegal, anurag kashyap, mani ratnam, adoor gopalakrishnan, aparna sen, ketan mehta, singer shubha mudgal, actors soumitra chatterjee and konkona sen sharma, historians sumit sarkar, tanika sarkar, partha chatterjee and ramchandra guha, and writer amit chaudhury, states that lynching of muslims, dalits and other minorities must be stopped immediately, and that the slogan jai shri ram has become a provocative war cry.
;;0.0;;forty-nine eminent personalities, including filmmaker aparna sen, have written an open letter to pm narendramodi over alleged rise in mob lynching caseshttps://t.
;;0.0;;it was on december 21 that acharyulu had ordered inspection of du degree records of 1978, the year in which prime minister narendramodi , according to the university, had got his degree.
;;0.5423;;the bjp is on a mission mode to gain power in telangana after the 2019 state polls and the leadership of prime minister narendramodi is its brahmastra for the electoral battle, state party chief k laxman said today.
;;0.7334;;pm narendramodi (source: pti photo/file) pm narendramodi (source: pti photo/file)addressing over 10,000 aspiring innovators at smart india hackathon, prime minister narendramodi on saturday insisted that there is a need to use technology more and innovate more in this technologically driven era.
;;-0.8444;;watch video: heres what defence minister manohar parrikar thinks is a matter of concernnot only our leaders, but scores of other volunteers were detained, which we strongly condemn as this act was nothing less than an insult of our jawans and their families by prime minister narendramodi , she said.
;;0.4215;;under the obama administration, india-us relationship made a lot of progress, in particularly after prime minister narendramodi came to power, she said.
;;0.0;;amit shah repeated what prime minister narendramodi had said at an election rally during the gujarat election campaign about a meeting hosted by congress leader mani shankar aiyar.
;;0.0;;amit shah repeated what prime minister narendramodi had said at an election rally during the gujarat election campaign about a meeting hosted by congress leader mani shankar aiyar.
;;0.0;;shah repeated what prime minister narendramodi had said at an election rally during the gujarat election campaign about a meeting hosted by aiyar.
;;0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi delivers his speech the world economic forum, wef, in davos, switzerland (ap photo) prime minister narendramodi delivers his speech the world economic forum, wef, in davos, switzerland (ap photo)i have returned to the sub-zero temperatures of davos after four years, for the launch of my book, indian instincts: essays on freedom and equality in india.
;;-0.8126;;they are upbeat, mingling with the 3,000 world leaders across sectors who are slowly trickling in on the first day of the world economic forums annual meeting, where prime minister narendramodi addressed the plenary emphasising the need to fight climate change, terrorism, protectionism.
;;0.7579;;the recent affidavit of principal private secretary to the chief justice of gujarat high court submitted before the court records serious differences between the then cj,s j mukhopadhaya,and chief minister narendramodi over the suitability of justice (retired) r a mehta as the lokayukta for gujarat.
;;0.7906;;he urged prime minister narendramodi to speak with the supreme court chief justice in this regard.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on tuesday wished prime minister narendramodi on his 69th birthday.
;;0.6705;;advertisingprime minister narendramodi modis vision, thought, untiring effort and spinal leadership has helped india scale new heights and the nation is bound to attain its past glory.
;;0.0;;the order was passed by information commissioner sridhar acharyulu who also gave a similar order with regard to prime minister narendramodi modis degree through correspondence from delhi university.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and aap chief arvind kejriwal.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and aap chief arvind kejriwal.
;;0.4939;;on the one hand, arvind kejriwal has asked for more evidence that prime minister narendramodi got his ba degree delhi university, and on the other, documents pertaining to union hrd minister smriti iranis degree are under scrutiny.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi modis rise has stoked fears of a predatory hindu india preparing to crush kashmir  a meme long stoked both by islamists and hindu nationalist politicians.
;;-0.7579;;(express photo by vishal srivastav)prime minister narendramodi gave a veiled warning to pakistan in his dussehra address in lucknow on tuesday saying those who harbour and shelter terrorists will also not be spared now.
;;0.0;;haryana produces more milk than gujarat: cmnew delhi: hooda also took a dig at gujarat chief minister narendramodi saying haryana had a higher per capita income and investment than gujarat.
;;0.0;;the governor also dismissed reports that he will discuss the present situation in bengal with prime minister narendramodi during a meeting on monday.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo)prime minister narendramodi on monday condemned the attack on crpf jawans in chattisgarhs sukma district.
;;-0.3182;;the state congress on saturday came down heavily on the bjp and chief minister narendramodi for adopting policies which allegedly ignored welfare of tribals.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi , who is scheduled to visit gujarat sunday, expressed his gratitude to the people of surat who organised various programmes in the city and nearby areas to mark his visit.
;;-0.4404;;addressing an election rally in delhi on saturday,bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi sought to pitch his attacks on congress vice-president rahul gandhi as a contest between their two separate ideas for india.
;;0.3612;;maulana nurur rahman barkati (source: file) maulana nurur rahman barkati (source: file)shahi imam of tipu sultan mosque maulana nurur rahman barkati on friday said it was his privilege as a religious leader to use a red beacon, and he would not remove it even if prime minister narendramodi asked him to.
;;0.5423;;1 party, 2 bday partiesevery year on september 17, bjp mla from majura constituency in surat, harsh sanghvi, would celebrate prime minister narendramodi modis birthday with patients of new civil hospital.
;;0.0;;undefeated, sanghvi decided to host a two-day exhibition on the life of pm narendramodi at city science centre, followed by a fireworks show in vesu.
;;0.9485;;sanghvi, who has hosted the civil hospital celebrations since narendramodi became pm in 2014, graciously said, i am happy our senior leader purnesh modi will celebrate the birthday at new civil hospital and it is good and i really appreciate it.
;;0.3182;;ahead of his key address at a joint meeting of the us congress next month, the barack obama government has asserted that it is looking forward to continue to work with prime minister narendramodi on all fronts to strengthen ties between two nations.
;;-0.296;;vhp leader praveen togadia vhp leader praveen togadiadays after accusing prime minister narendramodi of insulting gau rakshaks for dubbing them as anti-socials, vhp today said the centre should ask states not to harrass authorised people and agencies engaged in cow protection.
;;-0.2263;;he had earlier taken strong exception to prime minister narendramodi modis remarks against cow vigilantes, saying by dubbing them as anti-social he had insulted them and demanded that the government talk to them.
;;0.6908;;(source: twitter/@pmoindia)the janata dal (united) on thursday said that the relations between india and africa need to be strengthened and expressed hope that prime minister narendramodi modis visit is planned in a manner to yield concrete results.
;;0.8555;;this relationship needs to be strengthened, i am happy that prime minister narendramodi is making this visit and i hope that the visit has been planned in a manner which will lead to concrete results, verma told ani.
;;0.4588;;watch video: whats making newsi am glad that prime minister narendramodi among his other perambulations around the world has found time for africa.
;;0.6705;;watch video: find out what pm narendramodi & british prime minister theresa may discussedtogether, we can create a vibrant and thriving environment for new commercial applications with breakthrough technologies, he said at the event, also attended by visiting uk prime minister theresa may.
;;0.0;;(representational image)a day after the bjps resounding poll victory in uttar pradesh, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said a new india is emerging and it stands for development.
;;-0.6815;;a meeting with gujarat chief minister narendramodi has spelt trouble for kerala labour minister shibu baby john,who under pressure from congress leaders,has regretted the visit,saying he should have been more careful.
;;0.0;;express photo by amit mehra narendramodi at the civil services day function in new delhi friday.
;;0.3875;;express photo by amit mehratake decisions without fear, and dont use social media for self-promotion  these were the two key messages in prime minister narendramodi modis address to bureaucrats on friday.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/ vikas swarup)prime minister narendramodi was on sunday presented with a hand-painted oil-painting of himself by a chinese painter and chinese translations of ancient indian texts including bhagavad gita and essays of swami vivekananda.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi said saturday that india will contribute to the conservation of one of the maldives oldest and iconic friday mosque, a historic landmark made up of coral stones.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi (pti photo/manvender vashist) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo/manvender vashist)finance minister arun jaitley was give the additional charge of defence ministry after manohar parrikar quit the portfolio to become the chief minister of goa.
;;0.8074;;here is the portfolio of the union council of ministers:prime minister narendramodi modi: personnel, public grievances & pensions department of atomic energy department of spacecabinet ministers rajnath singh: home affairs sushma swaraj: external affairs arun jaitley: finance corporate affairs, defence m venkaiah naidu: urban development housing & urban poverty alleviation |information & broadcasting nitin jairam gadkari: road transport and highways shipping suresh prabhu: railways d. v. sadananda gowda: statistics & programme implementation uma bharati: water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation shri ramvilas paswan: consumer affairs, food & public distribution kalraj mishra: micro, small & medium enterprises maneka sanjay gandhi: women & child development ananth kumar: chemicals & fertilizers | parliamentary affairs ravi shankar prasad: law & justice | electronics & information technology jagat prakash nadda: health & family welfare ashok gajapathi raju pusapati: civil aviationanant geete: heavy industries & public enterprises harsimrat kaur badal: food processing industries narendramodi singh tomar: rural development | panchayati raj | drinking water & sanitation chaudhary birender singh: steel jual oram: tribal affairs radha mohan singh: agriculture & farmers welfare thaawar chand gehlot: social justice and empowerment smriti zubin irani: textiles dr. harsh vardhan: science & technology | earth sciences prakash javadekar: human resource developmentministers of state (independent charge) rao inderjit singh: planning (independent charge) | urban development housing & urban poverty alleviation bandaru dattatreya: labour & employment (independent charge) rajiv pratap rudy: skill development & entrepreneurship (independent charge) vijay goel: youth affairs and sports (independent charge) | water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation shripad yesso naik: aayush (independent charge) dharmendra pradhan: petroleum and natural gas (independent charge) piyush goyal: power (independent charge) coal (independent charge) new and renewable energy (independent charge) mines (independent charge) jitendra singh: development of north eastern region (independent charge) prime ministers office personnel, public grievances & pensions department of atomic energy department of space nirmala sitharaman: commerce and industry (independent charge) mahesh sharma: culture (independent charge) tourism (independent charge) manoj sinha: communications (independent charge) railways anil madhav dave: environment, forest and climate change (independent charge) mukhtar abbas naqvi: minority affairs (independent charge) | parliamentary affairsministers of state general v. k. singh: external affairs santosh kumar gangwar: finance faggan singh kulaste: health & family welfare ss ahluwalia: agriculture & farmers welfare | parliamentary affairs ramdas athawale: social justice & empowerment ram kripal yadav: rural development haribhai parthibhai chaudhary: micro, small & medium enterprises giriraj singh: micro, small & medium enterprises hansraj gangaram ahir: home affairs ramesh chandappa jigajinagi: drinking water & sanitation rajen gohain: railways parshottam rupala: agriculture & farmers welfare | panchayati raj mj akbar: external affairs upendra kushwaha: human resources development radhakrishnan p: road transport & highways | shipping kiren rijiju: home affairs krishan pal: social justice & empowerment jasvantsinh sumanbhai bhabhor: tribal affairs sanjeev kumar balyan: water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation vishnu deo sai: steel sudarshan bhagat: agriculture and farmers welfare y s chowdary: science & technology | earth science jayant sinha: civil aviation col.
;;0.0;;the ministry said that prime minister narendramodi had written a letter to his pakistani counterpart imran khan as a response to his congratulatory message.
;;0.5994;;pm narendramodi with bjp chief amit shah pm narendramodi with bjp chief amit shahformer sp youth wing president of baghpat district, tarun deo yadav, has announced appropriate reward for those who would behead prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah for creating an emergency-like situation through demonetisation and being responsible for the 2002 godhra riots.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone for the greenfield mopa airport would be laid by prime minister narendramodi on november 13.
;;-0.2411;;he said prime minister narendramodi does not understand the meaning of dharma since he often does not speak the truth.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi (left) is greeted by indonesian president joko widodo upon arrival at merdeka palace for their meeting in jakarta, indonesia.
;;0.2732;;(source: ap/pti) prime minister narendramodi (left) is greeted by indonesian president joko widodo upon arrival at merdeka palace for their meeting in jakarta, indonesia.
;;0.4019;;(source: ap/pti)prime minister narendramodi , who is on his first official visit to indonesia, met president joko widodo on wednesday and discussed strategic cooperation between the two countries in an effort to boost economic and cultural ties.
;;-0.4019;;chandigarh municipal (express file photo) chandigarh municipal (express file photo)while the bjp is trying to cash in on the demonetisation issue in the coming municipal polls, the congress has started distributing pamphlets on how prime minister narendramodi modis decision was causing problems for the common man.
;;0.836;;(reuters image)virat kohli thanked prime minister narendramodi for his appreciation of the indian team and bccis participation in the my clean india initiative.
;;0.0772;;chief minister narendramodi on monday assured his punjab counterpart,parkash singh badal,that no punjabi or sikh farmer from the kutch region will be displaced at any cost.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had last year announced that a memorial would be constructed to commemorate the life and works of kalam, also known as indias missile man, at rameswaram in ramanathapuram district of tamil nadu where he is buried.
;;0.0516;;india and palestinecommenting on the recent visit of prime minister narendramodi to palestine, rashtriya sahara, in its editorial on february 13, notes: the pm breaking protocol to accord a warm reception to israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu, and his israel visit earlier, were seen by a large section of the people with anxiety.
;;0.0516;;siasats editorial of february 14, notes: prime minister narendramodi , during his historic visit to palestine, expressed indias support for the palestinian cause and laid emphasis on dialogue for permanently resolving the crisis in that region.
;;-0.0772;;adityanath was also asked if hed talked to prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah after the bjps defeat.
;;0.0;;before the start of proceedings, bjp members were seen clapping when prime minister narendramodi walked into the house.
;;0.6369;;the state government had initially clubbed both pune and pimpri-chinchwadas a single urban conglomeration the state government had initially clubbed both pune and pimpri-chinchwadas a single urban conglomerationon december 30 last year, chief minister devendra fadnavis had taken to twitter to thank prime minister narendramodi and union urban development minister venkaiah naidu for the inclusion of pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) in the smart cities mission.
;;0.128;;during the visit of prime minister narendramodi , it was announced that the pcmc would be considered as a special case there is no politics in the selection process, he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had presided over the function.
;;0.5106;;exuding confidence that maharashtra would be a leading state in adopting the digital india revolution, a call given by prime minister narendramodi , the chief minister said.
;;0.4215;;president donald trump has invited indian prime minister narendramodi to visit the united states later this year.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi addressing the inaugural function of annual international yoga festival at rishikesh, through video conferencing, in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.4939;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi addressing the inaugural function of annual international yoga festival at rishikesh, through video conferencing, in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.2023;;pti photoat a time when the world is grappling with the challenge of terrorism, yoga shows the way to lasting peace, prime minister narendramodi said today.
;;-0.7351;;pti)congress vice president rahul gandhi on monday attacked prime minister narendramodi on demonetisation issue, saying farmers were forced to deposit their money in banks and a limit on withdrawal was imposed so that loans could be given to his favourite business barons.
;;-0.2263;;addressing a rally in mant town, which falls under mant assembly constituency in the district, he accused the prime minister narendramodi of having an indifferent attitude towards farmers as well as youths.
;;0.4019;;and prime minister narendramodi and amit shah have not been able to decimate regional parties.
;;0.5106;;watch what else is making newsat the congress national convention in delhi on wednesday, he poked fun at prime minister narendramodi , even suggesting that the self declared yoga practitioner does not know how to perform padmasana, the lotus posture.
;;0.0;;b'as many as 40 people including ministers from punjab and haryana will line up on the tarmac to receive prime minister narendramodi at the airport when he arrives in chandigarh monday night.
;;0.0;;he said he will raise the issue in the fifth niti aayog governing council meeting, to be chaired by prime minister narendramodi , on saturday.
;;0.34;;the sca has already sent an invitation to prime minister narendramodi and gujarat chief minister vijay rupani, along with former saurashtra players, who played for the national side for the test.
;;0.1779;;there has been a growing chorus for holding bull taming sport jallikattu, with tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam writing to prime minister narendramodi , urging the centre to consider promulgating an ordinance to enable the conduct of the sport.
;;-0.0693;;b'prime minister narendramodi (left) and former j&k cm omar abdullah (right) prime minister narendramodi (left) and former j&k cm omar abdullah (right)opposition national conference on tuesday asked prime minister narendramodi to understand that the present turmoil in the valley was not due to lack of development but unwillingness of the centre to address the kashmir issue.
;;0.1195;;reacting to prime minister narendramodi modis speech, former jammu and kashmir chief minister omar abdullah, who is also working president of the party, tweeted herein lies the crux of the problem  the unwillingness to accept that development doesnt solve all problems.
;;0.0;;in september 2015, prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated the new terminal christened as chandigarh international airport in mohali.
;;0.0772;;pm narendramodi with l k advani, keshubhai patel, amit shah and p k laheria at the meeting of the temples board of trustees; modi offers prayers (right), in somnath on wednesday.
;;0.0772;;pti pm narendramodi with l k advani, keshubhai patel, amit shah and p k laheria at the meeting of the temples board of trustees; modi offers prayers (right), in somnath on wednesday.
;;0.5574;;ptithe board of trustees of shree somnath trust (sst) reappointed incumbent keshubhai patel as its chairman for one more year at a meeting attended by prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;(express photo by vishal srivastav)samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav asked on monday if prime minister narendramodi modis recent visit to indonesia and malaysia during the month of ramzan an attempt towards international appeasement of the minority community.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was for the first time on an official visit to indonesia  the worlds most populous muslim-majority nation  last month.
;;0.1779;;quiz timeif stories in the corridors of bjp headquarters are to be believed, there will be some anxious moments when prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah meet chief ministers and deputy cms of bjp-ruled states on sunday.
;;0.2732;;a day ago, prime minister narendramodi had strongly rebuked cow vigilantes, saying most of them are anti-social elements who are running shops in the name of cow protection.
;;-0.2732;;the cpi(m)-led ldf government in november 2016 had written to prime minister narendramodi urging him to drop the move to privatise hnl.
;;0.0;;doval arrived here on a 2 day visit to prepare the ground for prime minister narendramodi modis historical visit to israel later this year.
;;0.0;;doval arrived here on a 2 day visit to prepare the ground for prime minister narendramodi modis historical visit to israel later this year.
;;0.34;;(pti photo)national security advisor (nsa) ajit doval met israel prime minister benjamin netanyahu and his counterpart brigadier general (retired) jacob nagel in israel in order to lay groundwork for prime minister narendramodi modis visit in july this year.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newswith this visit, prime minister narendramodi will become the first indian prime minister to visit israel.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi will address the nation thursday, two days after the government scrapped special status to jammu and kashmir by modifying article 370 of the constitution and bifurcated the state into two union territories.
;;0.0;;when will pm narendramodi address the nation?
;;0.0;;advertisingprime minister narendramodi will address the nation at 8 pm today.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis address to the nation will be a television broadcast at 8 pm today.
;;0.81;;in fact, prime minister narendramodi tweeted, this remarkable feat by @isro is yet another proud moment for our space scientific community and the nation.
;;-0.4588;;prashant raviurging political parties to forge a bahurangi ekta (a rainbow coalition) to counter the saffron surge in the country, jnu students union president kanhaiya kumar sunday hit out at prime minister narendramodi and rss for keeping the nation divided on the lines of caste, gender, creed and religion and accused the bjp government of changing the history of the country because its own history is bad.
;;0.0;;national students union of indias (nsui) former national delegate and gujarats general secretary hardik dodia,along with other youth congress workers,joined the bjp in the presence of chief minister narendramodi at a function on the s g highway on thursday.
;;0.4588;;(reuters file photo)the responses of the prime minister and the home minister to the current developments in kashmir signal the termination of the brief phase of friendliness with pakistan that prime minister narendramodi had initiated.
;;0.7351;;watch video: punjab congress party members burn badals effigyprime minister narendramodi will be in ludhiana on october 18 to preside over an industrialists award ceremony.
;;-0.9287;;sadiq jamal mehtar,a youth of bhavnagar city,was killed near the galaxy cinema in ahmedabad on january 13,2003 by detection of crime branch officials,claiming he was a lashkar-e-taiba operative on a mission to kill chief minister narendramodi and some other leaders.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi at the meeting, tuesday.
;;0.0;;( express photo by anil sharma) pm narendramodi at the meeting, tuesday.
;;0.1531;;( express photo by anil sharma)seemingly displeased over bjp mps lack of enthusiasm in promoting the governments work, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked them to highlight key welfare schemes  mudra bank, increased lpg coverage for the poor, and electrification of villages  as the nda governments major achievements as it approaches its second anniversary.
;;-0.802;;b'shahi imam of jama masjid syed ahmed bukhari shahi imam of jama masjid syed ahmed bukhariconcerned over arrest of muslim youths on suspicion of having links with isis, shahi imam of jama masjid syed ahmed bukhari has urged prime minister narendramodi to ensure transparency while detaining terror suspects.
;;-0.7579;;b'andhra pradesh cm and tdp chief chandrababu naidu (reuters/files) andhra pradesh cm and tdp chief chandrababu naidu (reuters/files)andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu on wednesday questioned prime minister narendramodi modis decision to observe a fast protesting the washout of parliaments budget session, alleging it was the centre which had caused the disruption by provoking the aiadmk over the cauvery issue.
;;0.0;;last month, prime minister narendramodi announced there is a need to raise the retirement age of all non-teaching doctors to 65 to plug the increasing doctor-patient ratio.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabha prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabhaprime minister narendramodi spoke against corruption and black money during his reply to the debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in rajya sabha on wednesday.
;;0.0;;11:22am: prime minister narendramodi and congress president sonia gandhi attends lok sabha proceedings in the parliament.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was also present for the occasion.
;;0.765;;read | full list of prime minister narendramodi modis council of ministerswell known in coastal odishas politics, sarangi campaigning on a bicycle triumphed over two of the richest candidates in odisha.
;;0.5267;;apart from talking about chit fund corruption and prime minister narendramodi modis development agenda, sarangi also led a door to door campaign ultimately winning a tight contest by 12,956 votes.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at the 67th republic day parade at rajpath in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi at the 67th republic day parade at rajpath in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)what is prime minister narendramodi modis idea of india?
;;0.0;;all the rights that narendramodi has, you also do).
;;0.4404;;(pti photo)the lok sabha witnessed stormy scenes during the resumed discussion on the motion of thanks for the presidential address friday afternoon after trinamool congress member sultan ahmed alleged that prime minister narendramodi visited states with trunk full of currency notes.
;;0.0;;(file)prime minister narendramodi arrives in singapore this week to focus on three increasingly interconnected themes  the strategic, economic and technological.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami (r).
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi and tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami (r).
;;-0.1531;;(file photo)days after rebel aiadmk leader o panneerselvam met prime minister narendramodi , tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on wednesday rushed here and met the prime minister.
;;-0.4767;;b'j jayalalithaa, tamil nadu chief minister has written to prime minister narendramodi , seeking his personal intervention for release of four indian fishermen arrested by sri lankan navy, besides release of 103 boats.
;;-0.4767;;j jayalalithaa, tamil nadu chief minister has written to prime minister narendramodi , seeking his personal intervention for release of four indian fishermen arrested by sri lankan navy, besides release of 103 boats.
;;-0.4767;;tamil nadu chief minister jayalalithaa has written to prime minister narendramodi , seeking his personal intervention for release of four indian fishermen arrested by sri lankan navy, besides release of 103 boats.
;;0.128;;the make in india initiative was launched by prime minister narendramodi in september 2014.
;;0.4215;;the final clearance of the ordinance by the home ministry came just a day after tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam met prime minister narendramodi and urged him to find a legal solution to the issue.
;;-0.743;;modis us visit:pm narendramodi will visit ground zero, the site of the twin towers of the world trade center in downtown new york which were brought down in terror attacks on september 11, 2001.
;;0.7893;;quite a few surprise elements have added a twist  both symbolic and substantive  to pm narendramodi modis four-day visit to the united states where he will address the united nations general assembly on september 27.
;;0.4019;;watch video: 1991: how p v narasimha rao made history by sanjaya baru: key takeawaysafter un, prime minister narendramodi to visit 9/11 ground zero, special report by ritu sarin2.
;;0.0772;;advertisingthe actor, who recently made headlines for his candid and completely non political chat with prime minister narendramodi , was the subject of intense speculation about his citizenship after he did not vote in mumbai on april 29 in the fourth round of the seven-phase lok sabha polls.
;;-0.5106;;she also targeted prime minister narendramodi for his monumental failure on the front of social welfare.
;;0.0772;;i want to tell the rss head that while you are asking hindus to produce more children, you should also ask narendramodi and his government if they will be able to give them means of employment?
;;0.0;;did narendramodi give you homes?
;;0.7841;;calling prime minister narendramodi the most popular leader in the country since independence, shah, who addressed the media at chandigarh press club, said the people across india have accepted and appreciate the modi government.
;;0.6808;;on the h1b issue, sharma said that prime minister narendramodi must protect the interest of indian it professionals and students and us president donald trump must be made to realise that indian it professionals are not immigrants and are skilled workers who have gone there temporarily.
;;-0.765;;a number of pressing issues including the situation in the indo-pacific region and ways to tackle threat of terrorism figured during the summit meeting as well as in bilateral talks prime minister narendramodi had with the asean leaders.
;;0.25;;aran said prime minister narendramodi offered indias digital expertise and expressed readiness to set up digital villages in some of the countries as part of a pilot project.
;;0.4019;;congress legislature party leader shaktisinh gohil on sunday said that a high-level state government official had filed an affidavit that chief minister narendramodi was behind the tapping of pandyas phone calls.
;;0.2716;;(pti photo)now begins what will probably be the most important year of narendramodi modis time as prime minister.
;;-0.4215;;in letters to prime minister narendramodi and tamil nadu governor ch vidyasagar rao, she said, it is condemnable to nominate or invite sasikala natarajan to be a chief minister of tamil nadu due to her criminal background.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is offered a sword by punjab chief minister parkash singh badal at the vijay sankalp yatra rally for punjab assembly elections in jalandhar on friday.
;;0.0;;pti photo (pti1_27_2017_000150a) prime minister narendramodi is offered a sword by punjab chief minister parkash singh badal at the vijay sankalp yatra rally for punjab assembly elections in jalandhar on friday.
;;-0.5267;;pti photo (pti1_27_2017_000150a)with a week left for campaigning in punjab where assembly elections will be held on february 4, prime minister narendramodi mounted a scathing attack friday on the congress, accusing it of political opportunism and describing it as a sinking ship which people should not board because it is not going to take them anywhere.
;;-0.3182;;watch what else is in the newsthe bjp, which has been isolated with the shiv sena, congress and ncp targeting prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis, will have to see how this impacts voting in selected pockets in mumbai.
;;0.296;;sarabhai had sought to question bhatt with reference to his allegations that chief minister narendramodi had misused the state intelligence bureaus secret service fund to undermine the proceedings of a petition before the supreme court moved by her and others with reference to the 2002 riots.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi sat through the last 10 minutes of the proceedings.
;;-0.128;;reacting to the state governments advertisements in gujarati language newspapers accusing the central policies of harming cotton farmers in the state,senior congress leader and former union textile minister shankersinh vaghela on thursday dared chief minister narendramodi to give evidence if his government had spent even a single rupee for helping cotton farmers and taking any measures to promote cotton cultivation and production in the state.
;;0.3182;;(file photo)bills worth rs 119 crore pending towards cash-strapped air india, generated for some foreign visits of prime minister narendramodi , have been cleared.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has undertaken 27 visits abroad since assuming the office on may 26, 2014, according to the pmo website.
;;-0.296;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi today called for taking a long jump towards building a new india by 2022 as he insisted on socio-economic transformation dominating the national discourse in the same way as independence did mahatma gandhis talk.
;;0.34;;ansari called on maduro in his first official engagement in venezuela after arriving here as the leader of the indian delegation at the non-aligned movement (nam) summit in the absence of prime minister narendramodi , who is only the second indian premier to give the cold war-era blocs summit a miss after charan singh in 1979.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister of india narendramodi , former chief minister of assam and assom gana parishad (agp) candidate of baharampur constituency and angurlata deka bjp candidate of batarduwa constituency wave toward a crowd in an election rally.
;;0.0;;prime minister of india narendramodi , former chief minister of assam and assom gana parishad (agp) candidate of baharampur constituency and angurlata deka bjp candidate of batarduwa constituency wave toward a crowd in an election rally.
;;0.6597;;after a cec meeting attended by prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah monday, the party released the names of 149 candidates for uttar pradesh, seven more for goa, 64 for uttarakhand and completed its list for punjab.
;;-0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi condoled koiralas death saying india had lost a valued friend.
;;-0.296;;a delhi court saturday summoned congress leader shashi tharoor on june 7 on a complaint over his remarks that an unnamed rss leader had compared prime minister narendramodi to a scorpion sitting on a shivling.
;;0.802;;applauding bjps massive victory in maharashtra civic polls, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said it is a great start to the year.
;;0.0;;a delegation of bjp cms, led by union commerce and industries minister piyush goyal, flew to the russian city on saturday to set the stage for prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the far east region of russia for the eastern economic forum in september.
;;0.7906;;(pti photo)bjp is all set to shift its election campaign in kerala for the may 16 assembly polls in top gear with prime minister narendramodi , bjp national president amit shah among top party leaders slated to address some of the 70 rallies planned to be held by the party.
;;0.1779;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo/file) prime minister narendramodi (express photo/file)prime minister narendramodi has assured catholic church leaders that he is the prime minister of all indians and will look into issues raised by them, after they drew his attention to the growing anxiety in certain sections of the community over sporadic attacks against them, a church body said.
;;-0.5994;;advertisingany announcement regarding the death of netaji should only be made by prime minister narendramodi , he asserted.
;;-0.743;;on september 1, 2016, the narendramodi government declassified investigative reports of the japanese government, which concluded that bose died in a plane crash in taiwan.
;;0.0;;zakia jafris lawyer today alleged before a court here that gujarat chief minister narendramodi had conspired to instigate vishwa hindu parishad workers and other members of hindu community after the godhra train burning incident in 2002.
;;0.0;;as per mehtas statement,he was sitting next to narendramodi in the assembly on february 27,2002 when modisaid hindus should wake up now.
;;0.4404;;human rights activists in the state say there is nothing in the statements of british foreign office minister-in-charge of india,hugo swire,for chief minister narendramodi to rejoice over.
;;-0.4404;;give all documents to zakia: court to sita local court on thursday directed the sit,which probed the complaint against chief minister narendramodi and others with regard to their alleged roles in 2002 riots,to furnish complete and legible copies of the documents to zakia jafri,the complainant in the case.
;;0.7506;;it is my wish that when india celebrates 75 years of independence in 2022-23, japanese prime minister shinzo abe and i together travel in this train, prime minister narendramodi had announced in september while starting off the project in ahmedabad jointly with abe.
;;0.4939;;chief minister narendramodi modis birthday gave a platform to the members of the minority community to pledge their support to his leadership,with 2,200 muslims joining the bjp in ahmedabad on the first of the nine-day membership drive launched on tuesday.
;;0.0;;because of this, in his first tenure, prime minister narendramodi gave two things to gorakhpur: eight new super-specialties in brd and an aiims.
;;0.4215;;continuing his drive to directly connect with the beneficiaries of his governments pet schemes, prime minister narendramodi today said he will on june 20 speak to farmers on issues concerning them and the agriculture sector.
;;0.6249;;the party urged prime minister narendramodi to make public how serious his government was in tackling the issue, as well as to list out the countries supporting india in the conflict, news agency ani reported.
;;0.4019;;gujarat pradesh congress committee(gpcc) president arjun modhwadia alleged here on thursday that chief minister narendramodi considered himself above the party and the nation.
;;0.0;;b'giving an assessment of the indian pm narendramodi as a very complex political persona and a pragmatist , the journalist averred that he needs to be more vocal on issues.
;;0.34;;giving an assessment of the indian pm narendramodi as a very complex political persona and a pragmatist , the journalist averred that he needs to be more vocal on issues.
;;0.0;;a national conference delegation, led by former jammu and kashmir chief minister farooq abdullah and omar abdullah, met prime minister narendramodi on thursday and asked him to hold assembly elections in the state before the end of the year, pti reported.
;;0.2023;;according to us embassy officials, nadadur was posted in delhi after an agreement was signed between prime minister narendramodi and us president barack obama to combat air pollution in india in their meeting in january this year.
;;0.0;;at least 3,000 delegates, including prime minister narendramodi , his ministers and bjp president amit shah, are set to attend the meet.
;;-0.0772;;earlier on sunday, militants attacked a joint party of jammu-kashmir and paramilitary forces on the day prime minister narendramodi was in kashmir to inaugurate the chenani-nashri road tunnel.
;;0.8442;;laughing matterspanchjanya has a special edition this week for holi in which it has also carried an article on the recent exchange between the congress and the bjp over congress mp renuka chowdhurys laughter during prime minister narendramodi modis reply to the presidents address in rajya sabha, and the pms remark directed at chowdhury.
;;0.4019;;it also mentions a jibe that prime minister narendramodi had directed towards the aam aadmni party (aap)s bhagwant mann, last year.
;;0.1779;;pti photohours after prime minister narendramodi targeted the congress in himachal pradesh, the opposition party fielded a group of ex-servicemen leading the one rank one pension (orop) agitation to hit out at the bjp-led government.
;;0.0;;the state department spokesperson, however, did not respond to questions on the remarks by the prime minister narendramodi during his independence day address.
;;-0.8316;;accusing modi of weakening the democratic institutions, abhishek manu singhvi said, why lokpal had not been constituted despite upa passing the bill wayback in 2013 (file photo) accusing modi of weakening the democratic institutions, abhishek manu singhvi said, why lokpal had not been constituted despite upa passing the bill wayback in 2013 (file photo)congress on saturday hit back at prime minister narendramodi for his horoscopes (dossiers) remarks, saying it was not afraid of such threats.
;;-0.2023;;calling it an attempt by prime minister narendramodi to intimidate tdp, ramesh had said, i have been targetted because i belong to the tdp.
;;-0.7845;;b'pradesh bjp president ajay bhatt criticised chief minister harish rawat of levelling unfounded allegations against the centre and said the narendramodi government acted promptly to counter the disaster in uttarakhand.
;;-0.7845;;pradesh bjp president ajay bhatt criticised chief minister harish rawat of levelling unfounded allegations against the centre and said the narendramodi government acted promptly to counter the disaster in uttarakhand.
;;-0.743;;accusing chief minister harish rawat of levelling unfounded allegations against the centre, bjp on saturday, credited narendramodi government with responding to the rain havoc in uttarakhand with urgency and rushing adequate national disaster response force (ndrf) teams to the state to control the situation.
;;0.9118;;thanking the centre for acting immediately to address the crisis, pradesh bjp president ajay bhatt said the way prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh came forward to extend a helping hand to uttarakhand was worthy of great praise.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and his nepalese counterpart khadga prasad sharma oli before a meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi and his nepalese counterpart khadga prasad sharma oli before a meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
;;-0.0516;;(source: pti)describing the acrimony between india and nepal in the last five months as misunderstandings, visiting prime minister of nepal k p sharma oli on saturday said his main mission behind the bilateral visit to india was to clear the misunderstanding and take ties between the two countries to the same level as in 2014, when prime minister narendramodi had visited nepal.
;;0.5574;;it deserves our support  ratan n. tata (@rntata2000) november 22, 2016prime minister narendramodi had on november 8 announced the decision to demonetiose currency notes of rs 500 and rs 1000, leaving all indians surprised.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi met the presidents of indonesia and brazil separately on the sidelines of the g-20 summit here saturday, and discussed ways to boost bilateral ties and enhance cooperation in trade and investment.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo)invoking atal bihari vajpayee, national conference leader farooq abdullah on sunday appealed to prime minister narendramodi to declare a unilateral truce along the indo-pak border during the holy month of ramzan.
;;0.7964;;cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury referred to nscn(im) leader thuingaleng muivahs reported comment that the groups framework agreement signed with the centre promises integration of all naga territories and wondered why prime minister narendramodi does not release the full text of the accord to bring out the truth.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi has already addressed two rallies, where he launched a scathing attack on siddaramaiah, calling his regime a 10 per cent government.
;;0.7506;;b'prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh and nscn(im) leader th muivah at the signing of the 2015 framework agreement; (top) muivah at the naga independence day on august 14, 2015, 11 days after the signing of the framework agreement.
;;0.7506;;archive prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh and nscn(im) leader th muivah at the signing of the 2015 framework agreement; (top) muivah at the naga independence day on august 14, 2015, 11 days after the signing of the framework agreement.
;;0.0;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on friday arrived in south africa as part of his four-nation africa tour aimed at enhancing ties with the continent, particularly in the economic sphere.
;;-0.4767;;(representational image)on november 8, prime minister narendramodi announced his ambitious demonetisation policy initiative to attack the scourges of corruption, black money and fake currency.
;;0.8807;;prime minister narendramodi at vibrant gujarat summit (file photo) prime minister narendramodi at vibrant gujarat summit (file photo)more than 50 global ceos attended the ceo conclave, themed transforming india, in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , gujarat chief minister vijay rupani and union finance minister arun jaitley at the 8th vibrant gujarat summit on tuesday.
;;-0.5719;;incidently, chief minister arvind kejriwal too has written letters to prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi, stressing on the need for bringing a bill in parliament to stop sealing.
;;0.7351;;udit raj, a lok sabha mp from north west delhi, said he will raise the issue during a meeting of top bjp leaders, including prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah, at their parliamentary party meeting this evening.
;;-0.3612;;prasad said the bjp has always worked for empowering obcs and argued prime minister narendramodi himself belonged to the obc category.
;;-0.7096;;b'delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and prime minister narendramodi delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and prime minister narendramodi modipulling no punches, chief minister arvind kejriwal tuesday hit out at prime minister narendramodi a day after the anti-corruption branch registered an fir against him for his alleged involvement in the rs 400 crore water tanker scam.
;;-0.8074;;(file photo)nearly a month after uk parliament discussed a resolution on kashmir, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday drew the attention of british mps to terrorism, extremism and radicalisation and urged them to raise a collective voice against these problems.
;;0.3384;;as far as other issues are concerned, our prime minister narendramodi is always very committed to the cause of morality, sibal said.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi moditerrorism has thrown a big challenge to humanity and people should draw inspiration from ancient scriptures to take on the menace, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday.
;;0.4404;;achche din have come and aur bhi achche din aane wale hain desh mein (good days have come and even better days will come) under narendramodi modis leadership, he said.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday extended his greetings to n biren singh for taking over as the new manipur chief minister.
;;-0.9081;;prime minister narendramodi modi(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi modi(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on monday expressed deep sadness over the loss of lives in russias st. petersburg metro station blast that killed over 10 people and injured around 50.
;;0.25;;later, prime minister narendramodi tweeted that shahs speeches in lok sabha and rajya sabha were comprehensive and insightful.
;;0.1779;;rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje (express photo) rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje (express photo)faced with a mini-rebellion from party mla ghanshyam tiwari, who has accused chief minister vasundhara raje of attempting to thwart prime minister narendramodi modis swearing-in ceremony, rajasthan bjp on saturday accused him of engaging in anti-party activities.
;;0.2732;;against this, jaitley said, prime minister narendramodi and his successors in the state are pursuing an agenda with sharp focus on all-inclusive development we will see one more big victory in gujarat.
;;0.1027;;mahuva farmers gave a memorandum to chief minister narendramodi after their rally reached gandhinagar on thursday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis government had come to office promising vigorous action to deal with these problems.
;;-0.1027;;a parliamentary committee,formed to look into a complaint by dahod mp prabha taviad on the police allegedly manhandling her while she was going to attend a function of chief minister narendramodi in her constituency,has recommended that the state government took action against the then deputy sp s p sarang who was in charge of the police force at the function that day.
;;0.2732;;in a surprise move on november 8, prime minister narendramodi had announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;0.2732;;in a surprise move on november 8, prime minister narendramodi had announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;0.2732;;in a surprise move on november 8, prime minister narendramodi had announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;0.2023;;accusing prime minister narendramodi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president rahul gandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
;;0.2023;;(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) accusing prime minister narendramodi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president rahul gandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
;;0.3612;;(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)accusing prime minister narendramodi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president rahul gandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
;;0.0;;modis prayer for monsoonchief minister narendramodi wished the people of the state on the occasion.
;;-0.4939;;battle for legacy of karnatakas 12th century reformer has little to do with his egalitarian vision battle for legacy of karnatakas 12th century reformer has little to do with his egalitarian visiondespite his packed schedule in london, prime minister narendramodi made it a point on wednesday to garland the basava statute on the thames.
;;-0.8316;;(source: ap photo/file) (source: ap photo/file)the atrociously planned and executed currency ban and a subsequent cash crunch has made life increasingly difficult for indians, the new york times has said in its latest hard-hitting editorial criticising prime minister narendramodi modis move to check black money and corruption.
;;-0.34;;prime minister narendramodi announced on november 8 that the high value currency that made up 86 per cent of all currency in circulation could no longer be used in most transactions and would be replaced by new rs 500 and rs 2,000 notes.
;;0.743;;the arguments on zakia jafris protest petition,that challenged the supreme court-appointed special investigation teams (sit) closure report giving clean chit to chief minister narendramodi and other accused,will resume from june 3,the metropolitan magistrate ordered on wednesday.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi arrives in hangzhou (china) for the annual g-20 leaders summit.
;;0.0;;(source: ani) prime minister narendramodi arrives in hangzhou (china) for the annual g-20 leaders summit.
;;0.0516;;(source: ani)prime minister narendramodi on saturday flew into this chinese city for the crucial g20 summit and talks with top world leaders, including one with chinese president xi jinping on irritants in bilateral ties like indias nsg bid and the cpec, which runs through pok.
;;-0.7184;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi and congress president sonia gandhi and congress vice president rahul gandhi also tweeted and condemned the attack.
;;0.1531;;mamata had sent an invite to the finance minister weeks before prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation move.
;;-0.6908;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on monday met president pranab mukherjee to brief him on the developments related to the uri terror attack, hours after he discussed the issue with senior ministers and top officials.
;;-0.1761;;the model of governance being followed by prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis can be used to make inroads in even the most difficult wards in the bmc as well as the other nine metros.
;;0.7184;;she claimed that before the army action, prime minister narendramodi had taken all opposition parties into confidence and briefed them about the exact situation at the line of control (loc).
;;0.6486;;modi has the political will to take unpopular decisions and is a committed person with personal integrityformer chief vigilance commissioner n vittal launched his book ending corruption: how to clean up india amidst much fanfare in the city on monday,days after chief minister narendramodi posted a laudatory letter from him on his own blog as a testimonial.
;;-0.0772;;delhi bjp president manoj tiwari delhi bjp president manoj tiwarinow is the time to work for slum dwellers in the city, which is possible only if prime minister narendramodi modis housing for all by 2022 scheme is implemented, delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari today said.
;;0.0;;slamming chief minister narendramodi for his tall claims of development,law minister kapil sibal on friday said a quality debate on real issues and not personalities was required in the run-up to the 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;-0.1779;;accusing the narendramodi government of frequently presenting false facts and figures in the house,leader of the opposition shankersinh vaghela wednesday said that the congress is collecting minutes of all the sessions and will soon raise the issue in assembly.
;;0.5267;;reminding about the goals of prime minister narendramodi modis sabka saath, sabka vikas, the governor said the members should show the right path, lead by example and be an inspiration for thousands of youth of the state.
;;0.0258;;the commission says it is acting on prime minister narendramodi modis call to start a constructive dialogue on the matter  this was during the law day celebrations on november 25-26, 2017, organised by the law commission in association with niti aayog.
;;0.4404;;after being re-elected, singh thanked prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah for re-nominating him.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi , delegates from 56 countries and several other dignitaries are scheduled to take part in this programme, he said.
;;0.7717;;b'on may 31, pm narendramodi will be in spain where his focus will be on seeking cooperation in sectors like infrastructure and energy on may 31, pm narendramodi will be in spain where his focus will be on seeking cooperation in sectors like infrastructure and energyprime minister narendramodi will undertake a three-nation tour of germany, spain and russia from may 29 with an aim of consolidating the relations with these countries and invite investments to india.
;;-0.4767;;shiv sena president uddhav thackeray on tuesday took potshots at prime minister narendramodi , saying that a picture of his was nowadays equivalent to a fake stamp paper printed by abdul karim telgi.
;;-0.25;;amid growing tensions between the j&k ruling coalition partners, chief minister mehbooba mufti arrived in delhi on saturday and will be meeting prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh and other central leaders to discuss the situation in the state.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah at the bjp headquarters in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(photo: prem nath pandey) prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah at the bjp headquarters in new delhi.
;;0.0;;his name is narendramodi modi.
;;-0.6124;;there were grave factual errors in prime minister narendramodi modis election rally speech last week.
;;0.9559;;notice to son, vijayvargiya says pm is supreme, party can actin first remarks after prime minister narendramodi modis strong disapproval of the conduct of his son akash vijayvargiya, party general secretary kailash vijayvargiya told the indian express the bjp should initiate action against his son because the party is everything and modi is their supreme leader.
;;-0.0258;;(source: pti)against the backdrop of daily protests by ysr congress members in lok sabha over special status for andhra pradesh, congress on monday sought an assurance by prime minister narendramodi on the issue, which was rejected by the speaker.
;;-0.6808;;(pti photo)bsp president mayawati on friday questioned prime minister narendramodi modis claim of working for farmers in uttar pradesh, alleging that his government had treated the state with apathy and neglect during its two-year rule.
;;0.1531;;the raid on the air base stalled efforts to revive bilateral talks between the nuclear-armed neighbours after prime minister narendramodi made an unscheduled visit to his pakistani counterpart, nawaz sharif, in december.
;;-0.0258;;we all know that bhatt has filed an affidavit in supreme court against chief minister narendramodi alleging latter gave instructions to administration to let hindus vent their anger.
;;0.0;;bhatt was released from jail on october 17 on bail in connection with a case of wrongful confinement of a junior officer kd panth and forcing him to sign an affidavit that the ips officer was present at a meeting held by cm narendramodi on february 27,2002.
;;0.5423;;after delegation-level talks between prime minister narendramodi and vietnamese president tran dai quang yesterday, the two countries also resolved to deepen cooperation in the field of defence and security.
;;0.5256;;president pranab mukherjee on friday described prime minister narendramodi as one of the most effective communicators of our times.
;;0.796;;without having the capacity to communicate, a leader may not be able to inspire people to follow his ideas and approachin the contemporary period, prime minister shri narendramodi is one of the most effective communicators of the times.
;;0.0;;mukherjee also received the first copy of marching with a billion  analysing narendramodi modis government at midterm from lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to take part in the sco summit.
;;0.0;;mcmaster is also expected to meet prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj, reports news agency ani.
;;-0.25;;possibly the way the country has started marching ahead under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , the foreign forces might be averse to it and sponsoring anna mandali (group) for agitation, it said.
;;-0.6249;;after heading an aiadmk mps delegation to president pranab mukherjee, aiadmk leader and lok sabha deputy speaker m thambidurai thanked prime minister narendramodi for helping the tamil nadu government come out with an ordinance on the jallikattu issue but complained that the centre was ignoring the state on a number of issues raised with him and his government.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressing the media.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi addressing the media.
;;0.3612;;pti photoanswering criticism over demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi today asserted in lok sabha that the timing for the decision was perfect as the economy was doing well and hit out at congress whose record he questioned with regard to various issues.
;;-0.0772;;(express photo by amit mehra)days after non-bjp ruled southern states expressed serious reservations on the terms of reference stipulated by the centre in the 15th finance commission for devolution of funds to states, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the union government has suggested to the finance commission to consider incentivising states that have worked on population control.
;;0.0;;rahul gandhi launched attack on both prime minister narendramodi and chief minister mamata banerjee, saying they had not taken any action against corruption and made false promises.
;;0.0;;the book deendayal upadhyay ka sampoorna wangmaya has already been released by prime minister narendramodi in delhi and would be released in all state capitals.
;;-0.25;;as the protest intensifies, tamil nadu chief minister o. panneerselvam met prime minister narendramodi at the latters official 7, lok kalyan marg in the capital on thursday.
;;0.4215;;following up on prime minister narendramodi modis assurance to the tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam, the ministries of home, law and environment vetted the states draft ordinance and cleared the amendment that will denotify the bull from the list of performing animals.
;;0.4939;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi continues to receive felicitations from foreign leaders over the up poll results, with french president francois hollande and emir of qatar sheikh tamim bin hamad al thani calling up on wednesday to congratulate him.
;;0.7687;;i will be so proud to highlight the achievements of british-indians next month when i make my first official visit to india as prime minister at the invitation of prime minister narendramodi , may said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with chief minister of jammu and kashmir mehbooba mufti at a meeting in new delhi.
;;0.0;;pti photo/pib prime minister narendramodi with chief minister of jammu and kashmir mehbooba mufti at a meeting in new delhi.
;;-0.6249;;pti photo/pibjammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti, who met prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh today, was unequivocally told that the centre couldnt offer a dialogue (with separatists and other restive groups in the valley) while there is stone-pelting and militant violence.
;;-0.5423;;hitting out at home minister amit shah for pitching for a common language for the country, a cpi mp on monday wrote to prime minister narendramodi urging him to advise shah to withdraw the biased and narrow-minded outburst that undermines the self-respect of all indian languages.
;;0.3182;;i promise that along with bjp government and prime minister narendramodi , we will irrigate every land.
;;-0.5095;;without naming prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, sinha said, it is very unfortunate that it is a one man show and two-man army.
;;0.3818;;speaking at a rally in kanpur in december, prime minister narendramodi had urged the ec to create pressure on political parties to be more transparent on the donations they receive.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will also address a rally in the city on june 13, which will set the tone for the saffron partys multi-pronged efforts to capture power in the state for the first time in 14 years.
;;-0.296;;not on same sideghulam mohammed vastanvi,the newly elected vice chancellor of islamic seminary darul uloom deoband,has been accused of being a stooge of gujarat chief minister narendramodi by his opponents.
;;0.0;;russian president vladimir putin, right, shakes hands with indias prime minister narendramodi prior their talks at the st. petersburg international economic forum in st. petersburg, russia, thursday, june 1, 2017.
;;0.0;;(alexei druzhinin, sputnik, kremlin pool photo via ap) russian president vladimir putin, right, shakes hands with indias prime minister narendramodi prior their talks at the st. petersburg international economic forum in st. petersburg, russia, thursday, june 1, 2017.
;;0.0;;(alexei druzhinin, sputnik, kremlin pool photo via ap)after meeting russian president vladimir putin on his visit, prime minister narendramodi in his opening remarks recalled how president putins brother was among several family members who had laid down their lives for the country.
;;0.0;;b'if rahul gandhi became even one-tenth of what prime minister narendramodi was, i would vote for him, said anupam kher.
;;0.0;;if rahul gandhi became even one-tenth of what prime minister narendramodi was, i would vote for him, said anupam kher.
;;0.0;;he also said that if congress vice-president rahul gandhi became even one-tenth of what prime minister narendramodi was, he would vote for him.
;;-0.5994;;the activist, shailesh gandhi, in his petition addressed to prime minister narendramodi , also demanded that the sena mp should be banned from taking the air india flights for a period of one year.
;;0.0;;b'months after ambassadors of the european union met him,gujarat chief minister narendramodi will have interaction with 20 ambassadors of latin america and caribbean here on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;explaining the rationale behind setting a $5-trillion gdp target, prime minister narendramodi cited an english phrase  size of the cake matters  saturday to underscore that if the size of the economy grows, every stakeholder benefits.
;;0.0;;(pradip das)on november 8, prime minister narendramodi , while announcing the demonetisation move, had said citizens unable to deposit their old currency notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 by december 30, 2016 could do so at specified rbi offices up to march 31, 2017.
;;0.7579;;b'a congress mp suggested today that the projection of gujarat chief minister narendramodi as the pm candidate would be a godsend for the ruling party at the centre.
;;0.4215;;varshney had on friday announced rs 5 lakh prize money for cutting off the tongue of kanhaiya kumar, who he had alleged, was speaking against the bjp and prime minister narendramodi ever since he was released on bail.
;;0.0;;thomass three-year stint has been marked by controversy and differences between him and bjp members on various issues, including his remark that prime minister narendramodi be called before the panel on demonetisation.
;;0.0;;days before he heads for the poll-bound up to campaign for the bjp,chief minister narendramodi today took potshots at the congress over the election commissions decision to cover all statues of mayawati and elephants.
;;0.0;;the gujarat high court on wednesday asked the advocate general whether chief minister narendramodi modis letter to the prime minister over the lokayukta appointment was released officially and,if yes,whether the former was in the know of the same.
;;0.4019;;during a site visit on june 11, shripad yesso naik, union minister of state, ministry of ayush, had directed the chandigarh administration to use lotus flower, symbol of the bharatiya janata party (bjp), to decorate the complex for the international yoga day event that will be led by prime minister narendramodi on june 21.
;;0.4019;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi also took to twitter on thursday and expressed his support to the people of uk.
;;-0.9169;;the proposal comes in the wake of a letter purportedly by terrorist outfit indian mujahideen in february this year threatening to harm ambani and damage his residence antilia for supporting gujarat chief minister narendramodi and investing heavily in that state.
;;-0.0516;;reacting to filmmaker anurag kashyaps tweets seeking apology from prime minister narendramodi for his pakistan trip last year, union minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju on monday said that anyone seems to be questioning the prime minister these days just to be in the news.
;;-0.5574;;watch video: anurag kashyap targets pm narendramodi regarding adhm ban and gets slammedthe world must learn from us.
;;0.0;;b'german chancellor angela merkel, left, and indian prime minister narendramodi , walk through the garden of the government guest house meseberg palace, during a meeting in meseberg, about 70 kilometers north on berlin, monday, may 29.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/markus schreiber) german chancellor angela merkel, left, and indian prime minister narendramodi , walk through the garden of the government guest house meseberg palace, during a meeting in meseberg, about 70 kilometers north on berlin, monday, may 29.
;;-0.6249;;in a message to prime minister narendramodi , sharmila said, oh mr prime minister, you continue to indulge in violence.
;;0.6597;;a national workshop to discuss municipal solid waste management turned into a mann ki baat session for punjab local bodies minister anil joshi, who utilised the occasion to heap praises on prime minister narendramodi , with just brief references to the issue at hand.
;;0.8834;;(file)union minister of road transport, highways and shipping nitin gadkari has invited silicon valley professionals of indian origin to participate in the startup india movement and take advantage of prime minister narendramodi modis ambitious policy initiative of ease of doing business to contribute towards the success of make in india.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modicommemorating the 126th birth anniversary of b.r ambedkar, prime minister narendramodi on friday said that every indian should have a house with adequate facilities by 2022 and that his government has been tirelessly working towards that direction.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had suggested the control on use of plastics while addressing the cop (conference of parties) here.
;;0.0772;;b'prime minister narendramodi condemned the acts of vandalism and directed that strict action be taken against those responsible (express photo by renuka puri/file) prime minister narendramodi condemned the acts of vandalism and directed that strict action be taken against those responsible (express photo by renuka puri/file)as a bust of jan sangh founder syama prasad mookerjee was vandalised in kolkata wednesday, allegedly by left supporters in response to the razing of a lenin statue by bjp supporters in tripura, and a periyar statue was attacked in tamil nadu tuesday night, prime minister narendramodi stepped in to condemn the acts of vandalism and directed that strict action be taken against those responsible.
;;-0.25;;b'the congress was so opposed to the formation of gujarat that the agitation saw bloodshed in its regime,said chief minister narendramodi during the gujarats foundation day celebrations held in the coastal town of navsari on wednesday.
;;0.5423;;(source: twitter/pmo india)prime minister narendramodi today visited his mother hiraba here and took her blessings on his 66th birthday.
;;0.0;;we believe that the bjp under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi will take this country forward, said prashant mishra, a marketing professor at the institute.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi met his mother heeraben at her residence in gandhinagar on tuesday on the occasion of his 69th birthday and sought her blessings.
;;-0.128;;taking a fresh swipe at prime minister narendramodi over the economic slowdown, congress leader rahul gandhi on thursday said the train of a recession was coming full throttle.
;;-0.5106;;the report, submitted to prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh last year, notes that kashmiris are angry over the use of pellet guns only in the strife-torn region.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday said political class was now under the constant scrutiny of media and various other institutions as he advocated for an inbuilt mechanism for judiciary to monitor itself.
;;0.4767;;they were impressed with all round development of gujarat under the leadership of narendramodi , a press communiqu from gujarat bhavan said.
;;0.0;;astana: prime minister narendramodi at the sco summit in astana.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) astana: prime minister narendramodi at the sco summit in astana.
;;0.0772;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday held talks with afghan president ashraf ghani and conveyed indias firm support to the war-ravaged country in resolutely and effectively combating the challenge of terrorism.
;;0.7269;;prime minister narendramodi on monday chaired a meeting with all government secretaries and directed all the ministries to adopt measures to improve the ease of living, pti reported.
;;-0.765;;(source: twitter/@pmoindia)prime minister narendramodi on monday said terrorism is the gravest challenge facing humanity.
;;-0.4336;;oli is expected to hold talks with prime minister narendramodi to strengthen the partnership between the two countries, particularly after an acrimonious two years where oli had accused india of masterminding the 135-day blockade of nepal.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to tell his nepali counterpart k p oli that he can award as many dam projects as he likes to china, but india will not be able to buy the energy produced.
;;0.0;;he will also meet with prime minister narendramodi ahead of the delegation-level meeting on saturday.
;;0.4939;;see photos | rajnath singh receives nepal pm kp oliprime minister narendramodi called oli twice to congratulate him on his victory.
;;0.4215;;in a notification issued after a high-level meeting on security chaired by prime minister narendramodi , the mha said the jei has been indulging in activities which are prejudicial to internal security and public order, and have the potential of disrupting the unity and integrity of the country.
;;0.0;;on august 10, 2016, russian president vladimir putin will virtually commission the kudankulam nuclear power plant unit  i, jointly through a video conferencing by the indian prime minister narendramodi and tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa.
;;0.2023;;a raft of mega defence deals including procurement of an air defence system for the indian navy are likely to be sealed during prime minister narendramodi modis upcoming visit to israel which will be first by an indian pm to the jewish nation.
;;-0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)to track the election in up 2017 is to frequently hear the up voter lament the casteism trap.
;;0.4939;;especially among the large scatter of small groups that make up the states non-yadav backward castes, the bjp, which has tried harder this time to shed its image of a brahmin-thakur party in its ticket distribution  and more specifically narendramodi  are being given the benefit of the doubt.
;;0.0;;(source: ani)with the nda government completing three years in power, prime minister narendramodi on friday inaugurated dhola-sadiya bridge, the countrys longest bridge, among a slew of projects aimed at the development of the north east region.
;;0.0;;after the mammoth clean-up drive of versova beach, which went viral on social media last week, prime minister narendramodi on sundays mann ki baat lauded the efforts of versova resident volunteers.
;;0.4939;;the leader also urged prime minister narendramodi to do everything possible in order to save jadhavs life.
;;0.0;;reacting to the development, chief minister arvind kejriwal targeted prime minister narendramodi and alleged that the cbi has seized files of the unit.
;;0.5994;;bangladeshi pm sheikh hasina and prime minister narendramodi (source: pmo/twitter) bangladeshi pm sheikh hasina and prime minister narendramodi (source: pmo/twitter)pacts on the strategic areas of defence, civil nuclear cooperation and cyber security were among the nearly two dozen agreements signed between india and bangladesh here today.
;;0.0;;condemning kalyans comments on prime minister narendramodi , bjp and venkaiah naidu, telangana bjp spokesperson krishna saagar rao said the remarks were unwarranted.
;;0.0;;b'timesnows arnab goswami with pm narendramodi on newshour.
;;0.0;;timesnows arnab goswami with pm narendramodi on newshour.
;;-0.5574;;under fire from all sides for his uncharacteristically soft interview of prime minister narendramodi , times now editor arnab goswami chose to reply to critics through an open letter on businessworld.com.
;;0.4767;;naidu further said prime minister narendramodi and the bjp are committed to realise ambedkars dream and complete the unfinished task of building a new india based on the foundation of equality of all and empowerment of all.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and nepal pm kp oli at the civic reception in janakpur.
;;0.0;;(source: pmo india) prime minister narendramodi and nepal pm kp oli at the civic reception in janakpur.
;;0.0;;(source: pmo india)prime minister narendramodi has arrived in nepal for a two-day visit at the invitation of nepalese prime minister k p sharma oli.
;;0.6249;;mumbai north and mumbai north east, which comprise assembly pockets dominated by gujaratis and marwaris who support bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , recorded 53 per cent and 52 per cent respectively.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo)to mark 25 years of indias full-fledged diplomatic ties with israel, prime minister narendramodi is likely to visit israel on july 5 and 6, top sources have told the indian express.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi , during his meeting with visiting us secretary of defence chuck hagel on friday, expressed concern over the deteriorating situation in iraq and its implications for the region, where india has vital stakes.
;;-0.4767;;(file/pti)noting that it was not possible to provide jobs to all in a country of 125 crore people, bjp president amit shah said on friday that the narendramodi government had tackled the problem of unemployment by promoting self-employment.
;;0.34;;surat: prime minister narendramodi at the inauguration of a diamond manufacturing unit at ichhapor in surat on monday.
;;0.34;;(source: pti photo) surat: prime minister narendramodi at the inauguration of a diamond manufacturing unit at ichhapor in surat on monday.
;;-0.3182;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on monday broke his security protocol and stopped his convoy mid-way to meet a four-year-old girl here during his gujarat tour.
;;0.4019;;karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah eventually lead an all party delegation to meet prime minister narendramodi to seek his intervention on the kalasa banduri project.
;;0.0258;;karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah has once again called for prime minister narendramodi modis intervention in the matter.
;;0.5106;;thackeray quipped that if prime minister narendramodi chooses to hold any election rally in the city for the upcoming brihamumbai municipal corporation (bmc) polls, the shiv sainiks will go and respectfully invite him to be a part of senas victory celebrations on february 23.
;;0.9118;;(pti photo)moved out of the ministry of human resource development, smriti irani put up a brave face wednesday, saying her new textiles portfolio will help her scale up prime minister narendramodi modis dream of make in india and live up to the faith that my party, and especially the prime minister have in her capacity to implement the roadmap.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi today slammed opposition parties for stalling a bill that seeks to accord constitutional status to the obc commission, questioning why they stopped its passage in the rajya sabha when it aims to benefit backward castes.
;;0.0;;mohammad sadique, a young hotelier at vivekanandapuram, also mentions the port issue but he hints that prime minister narendramodi will be a factor that will trigger a consolidation against radhakrishnan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with australian counterpart malcolm turnbull on a metro in delhi on april 10.
;;0.0;;pti file prime minister narendramodi with australian counterpart malcolm turnbull on a metro in delhi on april 10.
;;-0.4939;;it was last amended in 2011 when narendramodi was the chief minister, to introduce stringent punishment for beef and cow trafficking.
;;-0.1779;;our cm raises a point and prime minister narendramodi takes him seriously, said a cabinet minister.
;;0.7906;;on a day when his predecessor and bete noire keshubhai patel floated a new party along with some other bjp rebels,chief minister narendramodi made it clear to party workers that congress remains their archrival in the state.
;;-0.5859;;b'veteran bjp leader yashwant sinha today tore into prime minister narendramodi and his government, saying there is no dialogue and they may meet the same fate as the indira gandhi-led congress which was drubbed in the elections after emergency.
;;-0.4019;;political unease within the ruling alliance in the state is evident with the nagpur metro project likely to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on august 21, though the date is not official yet.
;;0.128;;b'rashtriya sahara, in its editorial on august 14, writes: the statesmanship that prime minister narendramodi has shown by calling an all-party meeting on kashmir and taking some important decisions for solving the problems of kashmir is laudable.
;;-0.6597;;(express photo/nirmal harindran)the shiv sena on monday dubbed as laughable the alleged maoist letter suggesting a maoist plot to target prime minister narendramodi , saying the conspiracy does not seem legitimate and appears like the story of a horror film.
;;0.0258;;speaking in lok sabha after prime minister narendramodi modis fiery speech earlier in the day in the house, tharoor said, even the rbi has said that demonetisation did not bring the change as promised by the government.
;;0.2023;;chidambaram also took a dig at prime minister narendramodi over his everything is fine in india remark at the howdy modi event in houston, saying, bharat mai sab achha hai.
;;-0.7783;;stepping up its attack on the bjp on corruption allegations, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray hit out at prime minister narendramodi , asking whether the ganga clean-up scam money has gone into modis pockets.
;;0.9001;;b'chief justice t s thakur chief justice t s thakurwith prime minister narendramodi and environment minister prakash javadekar sitting alongside on stage and listening to him, chief justice of india t s thakur on friday said the indifferent and cavalier attitude of environment protection agencies had been forcing the courts to intervene in environment-related cases to ensure enforcement of laws.
;;0.0;;this will be turnbulls first visit to india as prime minister although he has met prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of g-20 summits in turkey (2015) and china (2016).
;;0.0;;referring to prime minister narendramodi modis meetings with chinese president xi jinping, premier li keqiang on various multilateral forums, it said, the two countries have maintained communication and coordination on international affairs and enhanced collaboration in the un, brics, g20, china-india-russia and other mechanisms.
;;0.5267;;b'even as the ministry of social justice and empowerment (msje) proceeded with haste to change the name of its department from viklang to divyang, based on a five-month-old suggestion by prime minister narendramodi , a four-year-old advisory to remove the term handicapped from the names of five national institutes is still pending.
;;0.5106;;(source: twitter/meaindia)underlining their strong bonds, prime minister narendramodi and us president barack obama today pledged to forge a partnership for the future.
;;-0.7178;;b'bjp has faced more adversities in independent india as compared to what congress would have during the british rule, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday and lamented that every effort of his party was seen in bad light.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi being greeted by assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal during a meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.2732;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi being greeted by assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal during a meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;pti photoassam chief minister sarbananda sonowal on wednesday met prime minister narendramodi in the national capital and invited him to the state to formally inaugurate the fourth bridge on the brahmaputra  a 9.
;;0.5994;;advertisingthe cm made a direct plea to prime minister narendramodi to increase funds for rural drinking water schemes and ensure prompt reimbursement of funds disbursed by the state under the mgnrega scheme.
;;-0.296;;expressing concern over the water crisis in north india, he sought prime minister narendramodi modis support in upgrading the states water distribution infrastructure and called for a fresh river waters tribunal to address disputes among neighbouring states.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at the red fort on the 70th independence day in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(express photo by renuka puri) prime minister narendramodi at the red fort on the 70th independence day in new delhi.
;;0.1779;;(express photo by renuka puri)prime minister narendramodi modis mention of balochistans gratitude in his august 15 address and his references to gilgit and baltistan, a top official has told the indian express, is based on the governments view that for too long india has been cornered and submissive on the kashmir issue.
;;0.0258;;b'prime minister narendramodi during his recent tour met world leaders to seek their backing for indias nsg bid.
;;0.0258;;(source: ap photo/jose luis magana) prime minister narendramodi during his recent tour met world leaders to seek their backing for indias nsg bid.
;;0.0;;but differences between chinas president xi jinping and prime minister narendramodi could not be masked in astana.
;;0.0;;rajinikanth might fly to delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo/file) rajinikanth might fly to delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo/file)rajinikanth, who on friday dropped broad hints about joining politics, could fly to delhi to meet with prime minister narendramodi in the coming week, sources close to the superstar said on saturday.
;;0.0;;earlier this week, palaniswami held a series of meetings with union ministers and also met prime minister narendramodi where he discussed various state-specific projects.
;;0.1027;;on august 15, prime minister narendramodi signalled that such political will had been summoned when he announced that the armed forces would now have a chief of defence staff, a post for which there was a long felt need.
;;-0.6908;;the bjp may have left babri behind to embrace the forward-looking development agenda represented by prime minister narendramodi , but babri is reluctant to abandon the bjp.
;;0.5267;;read | not even the dust of nehrus feet: digvijaya hits out at shivraj chouhan over article 370 jibehis comment came in response to chouhans assertion that he used to consider prime minister narendramodi and shah his leaders but now he has started worshipping them.
;;-0.3182;;pti agl zmnnarendra modi slams changes in upsc exam,alleges anti-gujarati biasahmedabad: describing the recent changes in upsc exam pattern as a language bias against gujarati,chief minister narendramodi today demanded that prime minister dr manmohan singh should intervene and reverse the changes.
;;0.128;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi has carefully positioned himself as a middle-class icon in a country where large sections of the population are concerned about the rising graph of corruption in social and political institutions,argued sociologists and political science experts at a three-day international seminar,jointly organised by the centre for culture and development (ccd),vadodara,and the indian council for social science research,new delhi,in vadodara on wednesday.
;;0.25;;amidst his suffering,raman even endorsed narendramodi for prime minister,back namo for pm.
;;-0.296;;chief minister narendramodi on thursday said that politics is one profession where no training is required.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi welcomes turkish president recep tayyip erdogan during the ceremonial reception at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on monday.
;;0.4019;;pti photo by shahbaz khan new delhi: prime minister narendramodi welcomes turkish president recep tayyip erdogan during the ceremonial reception at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on monday.
;;0.2946;;pti photo by shahbaz khanprime minister narendramodi today invited turkish businesses to invest in sectors like energy, rail, road, ports and housing, saying india was never a better investment destination than it is now.
;;0.128;;it was from varanasi, his lok sabha constituency, that the prime minister narendramodi had launched the swachh bharat mission in november 2014.
;;0.8074;;prime minister narendramodi , russian president vladimir putin and tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa on wednesday jointly dedicated to the nation the 1,000 mw nuclear power plant-i here, assuring it was one of the safest atomic plants in the world.
;;-0.4215;;jagruti pandya,widow of slain former minister haren pandya,monday criticised cm narendramodi for his comments on cbi.
;;0.3187;;(file photo)two days after haryana health minister anil vij was forced to retract his disparaging remarks on mahatma gandhi, at least two others in the party sprang to his defence, with one saying he did not mean to insult the indian freedom struggles leader and another reiterating that prime minister narendramodi was khadis brand ambassador.
;;0.4019;;the party also discussed the strategy to be adopted at the meeting called by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday for talks on one nation, one election concept.
;;0.0;;on august 6, in his first remarks on cow protection vigilantes, prime minister narendramodi described 70-80 per cent of gau rakshaks as anti-social elements who were running shops in the name of cow protection.
;;0.7184;;ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the us later this month, a top indian diplomat has said that partnership is the best way to describe india-us relationship.
;;0.0;;b'pakistans army chief general raheel sharif said the country was aware of the tactics used by indian pm narendramodi or raw.
;;0.0;;(source: file photo) pakistans army chief general raheel sharif said the country was aware of the tactics used by indian pm narendramodi or raw.
;;0.7269;;(source: file photo)pakistans army chief general raheel sharif on thursday said his country understood the clever maneuvers of indian prime minister narendramodi and its intelligence agency raw.
;;0.0;;(source: freeimages)at the inauguration of a hospital in surat recently, prime minister narendramodi announced his governments intent to bring in a law whereby doctors will have to prescribe only generic medicines.
;;0.5574;;b'saurashtra strongman vithal radadiya on friday joined the ruling bjp along with son jayesh and several supporters in the presence of chief minister narendramodi at a function at dhoraji.
;;0.4019;;gujarat chief minister vijay rupani gujarat chief minister vijay rupanieight state bjp leaders, including chief minster vijay rupani, will attend the two-day national executive committee meeting of the party to be held from april 15 in bhubaneswar where prime minister narendramodi will also remain present.
;;-0.4939;;(file photo)the pictures of prime minister narendramodi and his cabinet colleague venkaiah naidu on the pradhan mantri awas yojna (pmay) website violate the model code and should be removed immediately, the election commission has ruled.
;;-0.0772;;will opposition parties come together to defeat prime minister narendramodi in the 2019 lok sabha elections?
;;-0.0772;;(express photo/amit mehra/file) will opposition parties come together to defeat prime minister narendramodi in the 2019 lok sabha elections?
;;0.802;;(express photo/amit mehra/file)indias divided opposition has seized on a new way to counter prime minister narendramodi modis powerful bharatiya janata party: bringing national and regional rivals together to take on the ruling party.
;;-0.1154;;also read | lets forget past, forge ties for future: congress and jd(s) on karnataka allianceprime minister narendramodi with bjp national president amit shah (express photo/amit mehra/file) prime minister narendramodi with bjp national president amit shah (express photo/amit mehra/file)unwieldy partnershipscoalition arrangements are nothing new in india, but they can be unwieldy.
;;0.4019;;baloch people have welcomed and are grateful for the support extended by indian prime minister narendramodi at such a critical juncture when our nation is struggling to be free from the illegal military occupation of pakistan since 1948, bnm said in a statement.
;;0.0;;she talked to indian prime minister narendramodi in berlin about developing cooperation with india.
;;0.0;;the exhibition-cum-auction of gifts received by chief minister narendramodi came to an end in the city on wednesday with the show getting a tepid response.
;;0.6597;;modi in delhi today to attend party meetingsahmedabad: gujarat chief minister narendramodi will be travelling to delhi on thursday to attend meetings organised by the bjp,a release from the state party unit said.
;;0.0;;after meeting obama at the white house early this month, prime minister narendramodi had announced that india would host the next ges.
;;0.0;;bsp president mayawati on monday lashed out at haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar for terming the mewat gang-rape and double-murder case a small issue and asked prime minister narendramodi to take note of anti-woman mentality of a person occupying such a high post.
;;-0.5157;;prime minister narendramodi needs to take notice of khattars statement as he (modi) had started beti-bachao-beti padhao campaign from haryana but the chief minister of the state is not showing any respect towards women, she said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis decision to skip the south asian summit in islamabad next month is, in essence, about the deteriorating relationship with pakistan.
;;0.0;;because of prime minister narendramodi , indias stature in the world had grown, which was recently seen when the pm got standing ovation in the us congress, he said.
;;0.0;;on wednesday, 80 employees of the shillong raj bhavan wrote to the president and prime minister narendramodi seeking his removal.
;;0.0;;meghalaya chief minister mukul sangma said he was waiting for prime minister narendramodi and the union home ministry to take a call on the governor.
;;-0.4404;;he was speaking to the media at an event where aicc and mpcc leaders questioned prime minister narendramodi modis four years of governance, doling out statistics to show its failure in important sectors.
;;0.0;;the second is with prime minister narendramodi at the felicitation programme held in new delhi earlier this month.
;;0.8126;;b'pm narendramodi with pakistan pm nawaz sharif pm narendramodi with pakistan pm nawaz sharifprime minister narendramodi modis stunning embrace of nawaz sharif in lahore on christmas day has done more for galvanising the peace process in the subcontinent than any other intercession since atal bihari vajpayees time.
;;0.0;;r c bhagava,chairman,and shinzo nakanishi,m d and ceo,maruti-suzuki india (msi) met chief minister narendramodi and senior officials of the state government on tuesday to discuss the possibilities of establishing a new car plant in gujarat.
;;-0.3384;;prime minister narendramodi modis new approach seeks to break out of the many presumed constraints on indias pakistan policy by taking more risks than his predecessors.
;;0.0;;b'the development came a day after prime minister narendramodi decided not to attend the saarc summit, which was scheduled to take place in november, due to the prevailing circumstances.
;;0.0;;the development came a day after prime minister narendramodi decided not to attend the saarc summit, which was scheduled to take place in november, due to the prevailing circumstances.
;;0.296;;everyone also agreed that we meet prime minister narendramodi and express our concerns over situation in j&k and discuss how do we reach out to people of j&k, said the chief minister.
;;0.128;;delhi chief minister and aap convener arvind kejriwal accused prime minister narendramodi of organising a witch-hunt against his party legislators by foisting false cases.
;;0.34;;b'pictures are in a manual made by albasit khan and left in lawyer uppals office pictures are in a manual made by albasit khan and left in lawyer uppals officehome ministry sources on monday said the ministry had received supreme court lawyer suren uppals complaint to prime minister narendramodi on the alleged tapping of telephone conversations of corporate chiefs, cabinet ministers and bureaucrats by the essar group, first reported in the indian express, which was forwarded to the mha by the pmo for appropriate action.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi has directed constitution of a task force to study cadre structures of various central services like ifs and irs in order to check stagnation level and other issues.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will chair the fifth meeting of the governing council of the niti ayog at the rashtrapati bhawan saturday.
;;0.2732;;read | out of bjp, navjot singh sidhu now prepares for a new inningsin a statement released on monday, sidhu said that at the behest of prime minister narendramodi , he had accepted the rajya sabha nomination for the welfare of punjab.
;;-0.4939;;(file photo)dubbing prime minister narendramodi modis raincoat barb as extremely demeaning, congress president sonia gandhis son-in-law robert vadra on thursday said it was shameful for the entire nation that manmohan singh had to bear the brunt of prime minister modis jibe.
;;0.8126;;under the radarzafar sareshwala, an old friend of prime minister narendramodi , was taken aback when last month gujarat chief minister vijay rupani did not show up for his popular taleem ki taqat function in ahmedabad after earlier giving a suitable date.
;;0.8442;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modion the eve of mahatma gandhis death anniversary observed as martyrs day, prime minister narendramodi on sunday asked the youth to use social media to spread stories of valour of soldiers, who were recently given bravery awards, saying it will make people proud and inspire them.
;;-0.5994;;after being appointed chairman of the bjps campaign committee for the 2014 lok sabha elections,chief minister narendramodi will address his first public rally at madhopur in pathankot district of punjab on sunday to mark the 60th death anniversary of jan sangh founder dr shyama prasad mookerjee.
;;0.4215;;pti photo by shahbaz khanprime minister narendramodi on monday said while the health surveys across world have reinstated the importance of hygiene, no one has paid much attention to preventive healthcare measures in india, adding that his governments swachh bharat mission is a part of promoting preventive healthcare habits.
;;0.7783;;earlier this year in may, in an impassioned plea to prime minister narendramodi , chief justice ts thakur highlighted the shortage of judges saying that the judiciary needs to be strengthened to clear long-pending cases in various courts across india.
;;-0.3089;;naidu said prime minister narendramodi is urging the muslim community to introspect on the triple talaq issue, and was not interested in deriving political mileage.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi modis personal interest in the matter made the act a reality.
;;-0.4215;;having faced a belligerent attack from the bjp, the party hit back, raking up the contents of the cbis 2013 chargesheet in the case and claimed that the testimony of a gujarat police officer in it shows that the encounter killings had the prior approval of narendramodi and amit shah.
;;0.0;;the announcement in this regard was made in a joint statement after the white house meeting between prime minister narendramodi and us president barack obama.
;;-0.4019;;they had put up posters likening prime minister narendramodi to north korean dictator kim jong-un over the problem of chillar.
;;0.0;;the poster up by the 22 traders, likening prime minister narendramodi to north korean dictator kim jong-un, after which they were booked.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by vishal srivastav) the poster up by the 22 traders, likening prime minister narendramodi to north korean dictator kim jong-un, after which they were booked.
;;0.128;;in april, prime minister narendramodi had launched the e-nam scheme in 21 mandis of eight states.
;;0.592;;reacting sharply to prime minister narendramodi modis statement on attacks on dalits, bsp president mayawati monday said that dalits dont need his sympathy, but justice and strict legal action against casteist atrocities and barbaric treatment.
;;-0.4767;;(file photo)sending a strong signal to the bjp as ties between the two allies worsen, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray tuesday said hardik patel, leader of the patidar quota agitation in gujarat and a vocal critic of prime minister narendramodi , will be the senas leading face when it contests elections to the gujarat assembly.
;;0.4404;;advertisingthe document, a part of the 100 day-plan being prepared by union ministries on the direction of prime minister narendramodi , lays down the vision for the national transporter for the next three months.
;;-0.5106;;while political corruption and a mistrust turns them against the ruling aiadmk and the opposition dmk in the state, prime minister narendramodi is attracting a lot of criticism from the protesters on marina beach due to the bjps nationalist agendas and imposition of hindi through various policies, and the severe impact of demonetisation.
;;0.7472;;sreedharan is principal adviser to the delhi metro rail corporation (dmrc), which completed the project in four years sreedharan is principal adviser to the delhi metro rail corporation (dmrc), which completed the project in four yearsa day after news emerged that metro man e. sreedharans name was not on the list of dignitaries who will be on the dais with prime minister narendramodi during the inauguration of kochi metro, sreedharan sought to downplay the incident on thursday saying he was not disappointed and that security of the prime minister is important.
;;0.3384;;after the bjp came to power, prime minister narendramodi has started the practice of telling the people of the country the work done in a yearwe very well understand that we are answerable to the people, and we have to give answers to the people from time to time, he said.
;;0.4939;;b'the deal to build a military base was struck in principle in 2015 during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the seychelles, but progress since has been slow.
;;0.4939;;the deal to build a military base was struck in principle in 2015 during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the seychelles, but progress since has been slow.
;;0.4939;;the deal to build a military base was struck in principle in 2015 during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the seychelles, but progress since has been slow.
;;-0.8807;;chief minister narendramodi has written a letter to prime minister manmohan singh demanding that the notification issued by the union ministry of home affairs (mha) regarding national-counter terrorism centre (nctc) be annulled with immediate effect since it is in clear violation of the provisions of federal structure and an attack on the rights of states.
;;0.7184;;express file photo)hours after prime minister narendramodi laid the foundation stone of an aiims in lucknow, uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav took to twitter to remind the people that it was the samajwadi party (sp) that provided the land for the project for free.
;;0.3182;;watch video: whats making newsprime minister narendramodi on friday laid the foundation stone for the revival of a sick fertiliser plant in gorakhpur, a move which will create up to 4,000 jobs and ensure adequate supply of nutrients to farmers in uttar pradesh.
;;0.4019;;lending support to human chain after prime minister narendramodi modis pat to kumar on prohibition, bjp leaders joined it at siwan where they have congregated in connection with its two-day state executive meeting.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated the phase-i pipeline of the sauni project by formally releasing narmada water in krushnasagar dam on april 17.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated the phase-i pipeline of the sauni project by formally releasing narmada water in krushnasagar dam on april 17.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated the phase-i pipeline of the sauni project by formally releasing narmada water in krushnasagar dam on april 17.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken at the meeting of gujarat industrial development board (gidb),chaired by chief minister narendramodi on tuesday,an official statement said.
;;0.0;;ppp model has tremendous potential and prime minister narendramodi had in fact spoken about adding people perspective to it.
;;-0.2263;;cutting across party lines, top leaders led by prime minister narendramodi , upa chairperson sonia gandhi and former pm manmohan singh on sunday condoled the death of veteran congress leader and former union minister s jaipal reddy.
;;0.0;;normally quiet on the vigilante politics of the hindu right, prime minister narendramodi has spoken vehemently against cow protection groups, calling them, in effect, thugs by night and cow protectors by day.
;;0.0;;jharkhiholi had made news in november when, days after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of high-value currencies, he had conducted an extravagant wedding for his son on the lines of former bjp minister and mining baron g janardhan reddys daughters wedding the same month.
;;-0.7227;;but this time, prime minister narendramodi , ignoring superstition, opted for the swearing in on september 3, of 13 ministers.
;;0.0;;sahafat, in its editorial on august 29, writes: if there was a non-bjp government in haryana today, narendramodi would have got it dismissed and enforced presidents rule there.
;;0.2716;;thanking prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah for reposing faith in him, rupani earlier asserted that his team is fully committed to harnessing aspirations of the poor, marginalised, farmers and youngsters.
;;-0.5859;;b'defence minister manohar parrikar defence minister manohar parrikara day after prime minister narendramodi took on pakistan by naming balochistan, gilgit and pakistan-occupied kashmir in his independence day address, defence minister manohar parrikar equated going to pakistan with going to hell.
;;-0.7506;;a cartoonist of a leading city-based newspaper was arrested on charges of fanning communal sentiments through a cartoon perceived to be based on a controversy surrounding gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis fast and his move to allegedly refuse wearing a skull cap,police said on wednesday.
;;0.4588;;meanwhile,defending the freedom of expression,prabhatkiran editor prakash purohit said,the cartoon was drawn in the backdrop of narendramodi modis fast and a skull cap offered (to him) by a religious person,which he refused to wear.
;;0.0;;the government had earlier planned to get the foundation stone of the project laid by prime minister narendramodi in azamgarh, the parliamentary constituency represented by sp founder mulayam singh yadav.
;;0.4019;;the swearing-in was attended by prime minister narendramodi , bjp party president amit shah, among other senior leaders.
;;0.0;;the sri lankan prime minister arrived in the national capital tuesday on a three-day visit, and is scheduled to meet prime minister narendramodi later in the day.
;;0.5574;;this would contribute to the dream of prime minister narendramodi to ensure housing for all by 2022, the minister added.
;;0.6808;;advertisingpolice used mild force in meerut and muzaffarnagar to disperse a group of samajwadi party supporters who burnt effigies of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.0;;condemning the incident, mamata banerjee said, in the opposition-ruled states, (prime minister) narendramodi attends rallies and speak of democracy.
;;0.4767;;the work that had been achieved in the brief period after the ngts 2015 order came into effect had been undone by the festivities, attended by prime minister narendramodi and union water minister uma bharti.
;;0.8124;;he said prime minister narendramodi modis mantra is sustainable development which does not impact adversely the nature but ensures progress of all, for which innovation is the key.
;;-0.296;;he accused prime minister narendramodi , union i&b minister m venkaiah naidu and chandrababu for spreading falsehood and fooling people of ap in the name of a special economic package.
;;0.0;;much of the social media angst was about why lenin, a foreigner, was being feted in india  its proponents forgetting very quickly that bjp leaders led by prime minister narendramodi have been travelling the world in an effort to bring fdi home.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , taking to twitter, said he coherently presents the aspirations of ladakhi people.
;;0.8126;;consider this:# in pune, ranked the second best smart city contender and from where prime minister narendramodi flagged off the projects last year, rs 2,196 crore of the estimated rs 2,870 crore, or 76 per cent, will be channelised into the development of a 3.
;;0.0516;;the chief minister also rallied support for the centres demonetisation move in his speech when he said, the results are an ample indication that people have accepted prime minister narendramodi modis note ban move and the state governments transparency plank.
;;0.9413;;noting that the overwhelming blessings in maharashtra came after odisha, prime minister narendramodi thanked each and every indian for continuously placing their faith in bjp and said we are working determinately to create a strong and inclusive india.
;;0.3182;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on tuesday hit out at the bjp government led by prime minister narendramodi , describing his last five-year term as the period of super emergency in the country.
;;0.5859;;(pti photo by nand kumar)the cpi(m) on saturday questioned prime minister narendramodi modis stated commitment toward inclusive growth after the bjp named hardline hindutva leader yogi adityanath as the next uttar pradesh chief minister.
;;0.0;;baluni, who is known to have close ties with prime minister narendramodi , and bjp president amit shah, was appointed as bjps national spokesperson in 2014, and the head of its national media department in 2017.
;;0.7506;;prime minister narendramodi said this day reminds us of the courage, bravery and dedication of our soldiers, as he paid tribute to the mighty warriors.
;;0.0;;the new terminal of chandigarh international airport located in mohali was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in 2015.
;;0.0772;;in his deposition before the commission,bhatt has stated that on february 28,2002,when the gulberg society massacre occurred,the intelligence bureau was getting real-time inputs on the imminent threats being faced by the residents of gulberg society and that he personally informed chief minister narendramodi about the same.
;;0.0;;b'an opposition delegation from jammu and kashmir during a meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo/file) an opposition delegation from jammu and kashmir during a meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on monday.
;;-0.5994;;yechury said government should make tangible announcement like a ban on pellet guns, withdrawal of afspa from civilian areas and rehabilitation and compensation package for those who lost their lives in recent violence as a follow up of prime minister narendramodi modis statement of taking peace initiative on the basis of insaniyat, jamuriyat and kashmiriyat.
;;0.0;;bjp mla yogesh patel and former parliamentary secretary to gujarat chief minister narendramodi had also opposed his concert because of his allegedly vulgar songs.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday wished the nation on the occasion of rath yatra.
;;0.0;;the hindus of bangladesh had the biggest confidence-boosting experience of their lives when prime minister narendramodi visited dhaka and performed prayers at maa dhakeshwari, it says.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi , brazilian president michel temer, russian president vladimir putin, chinese president xi jinping and south african president jacob zuma at the press statement during brics summit in benaulim, goa on sunday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi , brazilian president michel temer, russian president vladimir putin, chinese president xi jinping and south african president jacob zuma at the press statement during brics summit in benaulim, goa on sunday.
;;0.6249;;pm narendramodi (file photo) pm narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi has welcomed cyprus support to indias bid for membership of the 48-nation nuclear suppliers group (nsg).
;;0.1406;;shahs visit assumes significance as it is not only his first visit to jammu after the pdp-bjp alliance formed government about three years ago, but it also comes a few days after chief minister mehbooba mufti met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi to discuss the on-going situation in kashmir.
;;-0.128;;given the rise of nationalism in india, especially the prevalence of nationalistic sentiments among indias diplomatic circles, prime minister narendramodi has taken a tough china policy since assuming office.
;;0.34;;there they raised slogans against prime minister narendramodi for demonetising high value notes, sang, and queued up outside an axis bank atm.
;;-0.765;;it was stated that the decision of the central government led by prime minister narendramodi was welcomed by 125 crore people who supported the decision to fight end black money, corruption, terrorism and fake currency.
;;0.128;;(source: express photo by ravi kanojia)as a progressive step towards prime minister narendramodi modis digital india project, telecom company tata docomo joined hands with the new delhi municipal council on sunday and launched wi-fi services in the business hub of the capital, connaught place.
;;0.7717;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that his four-nation tour of russia, germany spain and france is aimed at boosting indias economic engagement with these nations and inviting more investment.
;;0.7912;;(express archive)congress mp shashi tharoor has asked his party not to feel embarrassed after a report said the grand old party is cash-strapped and may find it difficult to wrest power from prime minister narendramodi modis bjp.
;;0.0;;us president donald trump will meet prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the g20 summit in osaka, japan on june 28 and 29.
;;0.0;;adityanath also met prime minister narendramodi , his third meeting since he became chief minister.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi has made 114 air trips in the past two years,costing the state exchequer rs 24.
;;-0.8076;;in a suicide note addressed to prime minister narendramodi , pooja rued that she had to end her life since she was poor and could not afford to pay for the hostel facility.
;;0.0;;so, prime minister narendramodi has alternative plans.
;;-0.4019;;in a written reply to balasinor mla mansinh chauhan,chief minister narendramodi informed the assembly that total 16 complaints and application are pending in office of the lokayukta.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters)to mark the 70 years of the establishment of diplomatic relations between russia and india, prime minister narendramodi on thursday visited st petersburg to meet russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.4939;;rao told the indian express: it was my proximity to chief minister narendramodi after i had successfully executed his golden jubilee programme that irked some.
;;-0.6124;;the white house, in its statement monday, said: today, president trump met with prime minister narendramodi of india at the g-7 summit president trump reaffirmed the need for dialogue between india and pakistan to reduce tensions and acknowledged indias role as a critical partner in afghanistan.
;;0.5499;;insisting that it was not on the agenda of the bjp but of the nation, she alleged that opposition parties could not digest the fact prime minister narendramodi , being a hindu, was thinking for muslims.
;;-0.4588;;in 2014, prime minister narendramodi signed an agreement with the nscn(im), which had waged a prolonged violent struggle in nagaland against the indian state.
;;0.5267;;the sena should have withdrawn support after prime minister narendramodi ignored the presence of sena chief uddhav thackeray during the grand function to lay the foundation for the construction of memorial of maratha king shivaji in arabian sea.
;;-0.6908;;(express photo by jasbir malhi)the congress wednesday dismissed prime minister narendramodi modis call for a day-long hunger strike to protest against the washout of the budget session as a photo-op and accused him of trying to run away from the responsibility of governance.
;;0.25;;samajwadi party in lok sabha on thursday targetted the centre and the bjp accusing them of not cooperating on the issue of development of uttar pradesh even though prime minister narendramodi was a member from the state.
;;0.6808;;the election results for punjab on saturday is set to make or break aap supremo arvind kejriwals ambition of emerging as an alternative to the congress party and directly taking on prime minister narendramodi in the 2019 parliamentary polls.
;;0.5574;;(file)prime minister narendramodi on thursday described his two-day visit to nepal as a reflection of his governments commitment to neighbourhood first policy, and said as the himalayan state entered a new era, india would continue to remain its steadfast partner.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit the temple on friday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit the temple on friday.
;;0.0;;reddy said even prime minister narendramodi had said that such incidents should not take place anywhere.
;;-0.9136;;the arrested accused at the shivajinagar court, in pune on thursday (express photo/pavan khengre) the arrested accused at the shivajinagar court, in pune on thursday (express photo/pavan khengre)a day after they arrested five persons, including a dalit rights activist, a professor and a former prime ministers rural development fellow, for alleged maoist links, pune police thursday began probing a seized email that suggested plans to assassinate prime minister narendramodi in another rajiv gandhi type incident by targeting his roadshows.
;;0.0;;(source: ap)prime minister narendramodi on saturday left for home after wrapping up his four-nation tour of germany, spain, russia and france.
;;0.2732;;(representational image)prime minister narendramodi on monday greeted the people on the occasion of holi.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi launched the mudra scheme on april 8, 2015.
;;-0.1531;;the delhi high court on thursday rejected aam aadmi party rajya sabha member sanjay singhs plea against prime minister narendramodi modis absenteeism from parliament, saying the judiciary did not act as the headmaster of the legislature or legislators under the countrys democratic framework.
;;0.0;;chandy also said that the people of kerala would give a fitting reply to prime minister narendramodi on may 16 for drawing a parallel between somalia and kerala on the issue of infant morality rate in the tribal areas of the state.
;;0.128;;b'former congress mp vitthal radadia,who had hit the headlines last year for brandishing a gun at a toll-booth,today joined bjp along with his son and supporters in the presence of gujarat chief minister narendramodi here.
;;0.6705;;we have joined bjp to strengthen the hand of chief minister narendramodi who is the prime ministerial candidate from gujarat for the 2014 elections, radadia said.
;;-0.4588;;days after alleging that his personal security detail could target him, chief minister arvind kejriwal monday alleged that prime minister narendramodi wants him murdered.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , bjp national president amit shah at yogi adityanath oath taking ceremoney at smriti upvan in lucknow on sunday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by vishal srivastav) prime minister narendramodi , bjp national president amit shah at yogi adityanath oath taking ceremoney at smriti upvan in lucknow on sunday.
;;0.4019;;the oath taking ceremony took place at smriti upvan in lucknow and was attended by senior leaders including prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday congratulated yogi adityanath after he took over as the chief minister of uttar pradesh.
;;0.4767;;according to agrawal, he had joined the bjp because he was impressed by the partys work and the leadership of both prime minister narendramodi and shah.
;;-0.296;;in their first meeting after the government scrapped special status of jammu and kashmir under article 370 leading to tensions with pakistan, prime minister narendramodi told us president donald trump that all issues between india and pakistan were bilateral and there was no scope for any third-party mediation.
;;-0.2263;;express photo by vishal srivastavvishwa hindu parishad (vhp) on friday took strong exception to prime minister narendramodi modis remarks against cow vigilantes, saying by dubbing them as anti-social he had insulted them and demanding that the government talk to them.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and his dutch counterpart mark rutte hold talks.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@meaindia) prime minister narendramodi and his dutch counterpart mark rutte hold talks.
;;0.7351;;(source: twitter/@meaindia)prime minister narendramodi and his dutch counterpart mark rutte held delegation-level talks on thursday, in which the two nations agreed on deepening engagement in a range of areas including trade, investment, energy and agriculture.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi was also present at the meeting where the district-level committee was discussed.
;;0.0;;(express file photo) prime minister narendramodi was also present at the meeting where the district-level committee was discussed.
;;0.6597;;rural development minister narendramodi singh tomar spoke about the committee at the meeting, which was also attended by prime minister narendramodi , party president amit shah and almost the entire council of ministers, party sources said.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah were seen as keen to have pandya, an md in medicine, in the upper house.
;;-0.7288;;alleging that she does not want the development of poor people, he said prime minister narendramodi is continuously working towards the uplift of the poor and villagers and the bjp will fight the polls in uttar pradesh on development and good governance.
;;-0.0516;;(ani)members of parliament from the telugu desam party (tdp) were detained on sunday afternoon when they attempted to protest near prime minister narendramodi modis residence  7, lok kalyan marg in the national capital  demanding special category status for andhra pradesh.
;;-0.25;;naidu alleges that the narendramodi government has failed to fulfil that promise.
;;0.4767;;the muslim cleric also gave examples of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister mamata banerjee, saying they respected the secular fabric of the country.
;;0.0;;with the advent of prime minister narendramodi , this made him the prime bridge between his bjp and lutyens delhi.
;;0.5423;;the award was received by ut deputy commissioner ajit balaji joshi from prime minister narendramodi at a ceremony held in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.2023;;read | we require more than 70,000 judges to clear pending cases: cji ts thakurcji thakur, who was addressing a joint conference of chief ministers and chief justices of high courts, with prime minister narendramodi and gowda present on the dais, had said the country needed at least 40,000 judges to handle the avalanche of litigation.
;;-0.7845;;file photo/agenciesgovernment employees, who have been protesting in jammu against the alleged stone pelting on their transit camp in kashmir valley, today expressed dismay at prime minister narendramodi not speaking about them and said they were the real victims of the unrest.
;;0.8126;;bahujan samaj party (bsp) supremo mayawati on friday said her party would make all-out efforts to prevent gujarat chief minister narendramodi from becoming the prime minister of the country.
;;0.5106;;we will put our entire strength to prevent narendramodi from becoming the prime minister.
;;-0.802;;on april 23, the apex court issued criminal contempt notice to gandhi for his chowkidar chor hai remark against prime minister narendramodi while referring to the rafale judgment.
;;0.0;;a sena minister said, the chief minister has planned to lead a delegation to delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi and seek more financial aid for farmers.
;;0.0;;source: renuka puriin a run-up to brics-2016, prime minister narendramodi will visit goa in september to take stock of the summits preparations, chief minister laxmikant parsekar said on tuesday.
;;0.0;;in the midst of his visit to lay foundation stone to the second airport at mopa  prime minister narendramodi will review brics preparation, he said.
;;0.8854;;in a statement,he said that this project was more of a clever ploy by chief minister narendramodi to cash in on the image of the great leader than a show of devotion to him.
;;0.1759;;while the intelligence input was released by gujarat congress to belie gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis claims on recent patna blasts and to highlight alleged inaction of gujarat police on the input to prevent 2008 ahmedabad serial blasts,the public prosecutors seem to have become collateral damage!
;;0.6908;;the state government on monday welcomed the supreme court verdict in the gulburg society riots case,saying there is no shred of evidence now against chief minister narendramodi and promised to ensur that all victims get justice as early as possible.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with former pm manmohan singh.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi with former pm manmohan singh.
;;-0.765;;opposition leaders like mamata banerjee have also criticised the narendramodi government over the note ban decision saying she rightly estimated it would lead to job losses and decline in productivity.
;;0.128;;the matter even reached the doorsteps of prime minister narendramodi , with the six i-league clubs requesting him to set up an enquiry commission and probe the aiffs functioning.
;;0.0;;karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy meets prime minister narendramodi in new delhi, monday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy meets prime minister narendramodi in new delhi, monday.
;;0.0;;read | jd(s) eyes telangana model on farm loan waiverafter his meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi monday, he said he would unveil plans drawn up by his new coalition government for farm loan waivers in karnataka.
;;-0.802;;(express photo by shuaib masoodi/file)senior congress leader saifuddin soz today said prime minister narendramodi hypes his achievements through surgical strike but is not concerned about the miseries of people affected by cross-loc shelling which have become routine since the september 2016 raids.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with his majesty king felipe vi of spain.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/narendramodi_in) prime minister narendramodi with his majesty king felipe vi of spain.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/narendramodi_in)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday met spanish king felipe vi at the palacio de la zarzuela palace on the outskirts of madrid.
;;-0.7579;;congress vice president rahul gandhi, who was detained and released thrice since the suicide of grewal, charged the centre and prime minister narendramodi with promoting a form of dictatorship.
;;-0.34;;kejriwal on the other hand, accused prime minister narendramodi of lying to the entire nation about the implementation of orop.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is also visiting sri lanka to attend the vesak day celebrations in colombo.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi will inaugurate the solar farm set up by mbcel in gunthawada village in banaskantha district.
;;0.7579;;chief minister narendramodi at the inauguration of national consultation for brand building by young man christians associations (ymca) here on friday said social media had helped him earn support of christian community soon after his comments following the supreme courts verdict in favour of him in connection with 2002 riots in gujarat.
;;0.2732;;invoking prime minister narendramodi modis life journey from being a tea-seller and shah rukh khans character from bollywood film swades, hrd minister prakash javadekar on sunday felicitated students from underprivileged backgrounds who scored well in class xii.
;;0.0;;this is narendramodi as he wears a mask all the time.
;;0.2023;;the debate on electoral reforms in rajya sabha on wednesday saw several opposition parties demanding a return to ballot papers from the electronic voting machines (evms) and seeking steps to curb use of money power in elections, while the government and the bjp pitched for prime minister narendramodi modis one nation, one election proposal.
;;-0.3182;;(but) if people of this country elect narendramodi , then evm is faulty.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin will primarily focus on pressing global and regional issues.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin will primarily focus on pressing global and regional issues.
;;0.0258;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin will primarily focus on pressing global and regional issues, including impact of the us withdrawal from the iran nuclear deal, during their informal summit in the russian city of sochi on monday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to announce this, the chief minister said.
;;-0.2732;;(ap photo)in his mann ki baat on november 26, prime minister narendramodi asked farmers to cut urea consumption by half by 2022.
;;0.4588;;he lauded prime minister narendramodi for the decision to replace the existing national commission for backward classes (ncbc) with the proposed national commission for socially and educationally backward classes (ncsebc) and arming the new body with constitutional status which will benefit muslims too.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , in his earlier avatar as gujarat chief minister, was constantly sneering at the sultanate of dilli to make a larger point about the need to seize delhi.
;;0.0;;but i do say this, that the amount of work the congress did in 48 years, we have done 10 times more work in 48 months under prime minister narendramodi s leadership.
;;0.0;;those people trained in the those people trained in the jawaharlal nehru university, the leftists, they cant stand the fact that narendramodi is the prime minister now and bjp-rss is in power.
;;0.0;;but i do say this, that the amount of work the congress did in 48 years, we have done 10 times more work in 48 months under prime minister narendramodi modis leadership.
;;0.0;;those people trained in the jawaharlal nehru university, the leftists, they cant stand the fact that narendramodi is the prime minister now and bjp-rss is in power.
;;0.2732;;gurung said he will write to prime minister narendramodi as well.
;;0.9022;;rampal, a model turned actor, met the party general secretary kailash vijayvargiya and later heaped praise on prime minister narendramodi , saying he was impressed with the work of his government and wanted to work for the party.
;;-0.6486;;(pti photo)a day after pune police said they were probing an email that indicated a maoist plan to assassinate prime minister narendramodi in a rajiv gandhi type incident by targeting his roadshows, union home minister rajnath singh friday said the government was always serious about the security of the prime minister, and that maoists were fighting a lost battle which is ending.
;;0.7269;;the indian express citizens relief fund: because you carechief minister narendramodi also appeared in a couple of tableaux,with one tableau dedicated entirely to him carrying a cut-out of him superimposed with a picture of the parliament in the background.
;;0.0;;in the aftermath of earthquake, prime minister narendramodi spoke to officials to take stock of situation.
;;-0.5859;;india and uk signed the mou on exchange of information for the purpose of combating international criminality and tackling serious organised crime during the visit of prime minister narendramodi to london last month.
;;-0.4767;;his comments come a day after prime minister narendramodi lashed out at fake cow protectors.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah at chief ministers conference in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah at chief ministers conference in new delhi on saturday.
;;-0.4767;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi asked bjp-ruled states on saturday to focus on garib kalyan (welfare of poor), and said they should be a role model in execution of central schemes targeted at the poor.
;;0.0;;pm modi on the cover of a calendar pm modi on the cover of a calendarcriticism mounted from opposition quarters over the photo of prime minister narendramodi replacing that of mahatma gandhi in the 2017 wall calendar and table diary published by the khadi village industries commission (kvic).
;;-0.128;;the bihar chief minister had made the demand for abolishing the governors post at the inter-state council meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi stating that the existing federal democratic structure does not warrant its continuance.
;;-0.1531;;nine days after chief minister arvind kejriwal wrote to prime minister narendramodi urging him to roll back the recently-levied 1 per cent excise duty on non-silver jewellery, he wrote to chief ministers of all states saturday, asking them to join him in protesting against the excise duty.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi receives french president emmanuel macron and his wife brigitte marie-claude macron in delhi on friday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by prem nath pandey) prime minister narendramodi receives french president emmanuel macron and his wife brigitte marie-claude macron in delhi on friday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi received macron at the airport on friday night, departing from protocol for the eighth time since assuming office.
;;0.8779;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi on thursday took to twitter to congratulate bjp workers and hailed the impressive performance of the party in the assembly by-polls held in various parts of the country.
;;0.0;;the governor is expected to meet prime minister narendramodi too.
;;0.0;;shandilya claimed that he had written letters to prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh in this regard and will also meet state chief minister virbhadra singh and leader of opposition p k dhumal.
;;-0.34;;there are three significant cases listed before the court today  poll code violation case against prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, rafale review petitions and the case against congress chief rahul gandhis chowkidar chor hai remark.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will lead a yoga class in ranchi, jharkhand on june 21 on the occasion of international yoga day 2019.
;;0.0;;advertisingin ahmedabad, around 700 doctors held a march on ashram road and submitted a memorandum, addressed to prime minister narendramodi , to the district collector, said gujarat state secretary of indian medical association (ima) kamlesh saini.
;;0.4588;;about 10,000 people, grammy award-winning south african flautist wouter kellerman, a unique fusion of zulu and indian dancing along with local yoga exponents will be part of a welcome reception here for prime minister narendramodi during his visit next week.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi speaks with his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina during the annual convocation of visva bharati university, in birbhum, on friday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi speaks with his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina during the annual convocation of visva bharati university, in birbhum, on friday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi along with his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina attended the convocation ceremony of viswa bharati university in birbhum of west bengal on friday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi speaks with his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina as west bengal chief minister prime minister narendramodi speaks with his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina as west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee looks on, during the annual convocation of visva bharati university, in birbhum, on friday.
;;-0.9081;;b'file photo: prime minister narendramodi (source: expresss archive/file) file photo: prime minister narendramodi (source: expresss archive/file)keeping up its offensive over the telecom scam, congress friday alleged that conduct of the modi government and its ministers has come under a cloud in the wake of their lame duck reaction to the rs 45,000 crore scandal in the sector.
;;-0.25;;the party also raked up the essar tapes issue wondering as to what connection it has with the telecom scam and whether prime minister narendramodi would order an impartial judicial investigation in the case.
;;0.0;;when asked about her visit to china, and that of prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj to that country last month and whether there has been any change in terms of strategy, sitharaman said: we are talking, we are meeting each other  and that is a big change.
;;0.0;;(source: pib) narendramodi addressing the bloomberg india economic forum 2016, in new delhi on march 28, 2016.
;;0.128;;(source: pib)despite negative global cues, the india story is well on track as a result of prudence, sound policy and effective management on the part of the government, prime minister narendramodi said on monday.
;;-0.1531;;accusing tamil nadu chief minister jayalalithaa of constantly badgering prime minister narendramodi with letters on sundry issues, bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader subramanian swamy on wednesday alleged that most of her letters went to the trash anyway and her recent one demanding the exemption of the state from national eligibility cum entrance test (neet) belongs to the waste bin as well.
;;0.4404;;dalit outfits called for a statewide bandh in punjab on august 13 to protest the recent reported demolition of the sri guru ravidas temple in tughlakabad in delhi, on the order of the supreme court, even as punjab chief minister amarinder singh on sunday appealed to prime minister narendramodi to personally intervene to resolve the tension.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said during his meeting with prime minister narendramodi , he discussed various issues of the state, including permission for the proposed coastal road project and slum redevelopment in crz in mumbai.
;;0.8625;;indias president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and various political parties highlighted the significance of the nepal-india ties during their meetings with bhandari and extended best wishes to nepal in its efforts towards implementing the constitution and holding the local-level elections, he said.
;;-0.7845;;the state government has miserably failed us and we have now decided to move to delhi and present our demand to prime minister narendramodi , sawhney said.
;;0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi termed bjps victory in assam as historic and phenomenal and said the party will do everything possible to fulfil the dreams and aspirations of the people of the state and take its development journey to new heights.
;;0.6808;;# prime minister narendramodi congratulates sarbanand sonwal over phone, says bjp will do everything possible to fulfill dreams of people of assam.
;;0.3612;;(file photo)few would disagree with the proposition that prime minister narendramodi has had a great run with foreign policy over the last three years.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi may have arrived at that juncture three years into his tenure.
;;0.0;;file photo: prime minister narendramodi and bihar chief minister nitish kumar during 350th birth anniversary celebrations of guru gobind singh at gandhi maidan in patna.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) file photo: prime minister narendramodi and bihar chief minister nitish kumar during 350th birth anniversary celebrations of guru gobind singh at gandhi maidan in patna.
;;0.9042;;it is being seen as an extension of bonhomie between the two parties after chief minister nitish kumars support to demonetisation and which got strength after prime minister narendramodi modis effusive praise of kumar during prakash parva.
;;-0.7964;;prime minister narendramodi also expressed his condolence over the death of people in varanasi flyover collapse.
;;0.6486;;the issue of denial of visa to gujarat chief minister narendramodi was fiercely debated by a key congressional committee,with an influential republican lawmaker questioning the decision of the united states government.
;;0.4588;;explained signalling priority, affirming friendship maldives, which had been actively wooed by china during the abdulla yameen regime, has become prime minister narendramodi modis first stop in his second teem.
;;0.1531;;(source: twitter/pmo)bihar chief minister nitish kumar skipped congress president sonia gandhis luncheon invite to attend another high-profile lunch on the invitation of prime minister narendramodi in delhi.
;;0.5719;;i was invited by prime minister narendramodi for the lunch in honour of mauritius prime minister (pravind jugnauth).
;;0.0;;#watch: bihar chief minister nitish kumar meets prime minister narendramodi in delhi pic.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and mauritius prime minister pravind kumar jugnauth (right).
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and mauritius prime minister pravind kumar jugnauth (right).
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi arriving at brasilia international airport in brazil (pti photo)in the span of last one year, prime minister narendramodi has visited 18 countries, a majority of which were official state visits and spent close to 55 days abroad.
;;0.0;;[interactive loading]timeline textjune 16-17, 2014  off to bhutan  for his first foreign visit, prime minister narendramodi chose bhutan, indias neighbour and closest ally for decades.
;;0.0;;november 14-18, 2014  trip down under  narendramodi became the first indian pm to travel to australia in 28 years.
;;0.1779;;march 10-11, 2015  off to seychelles  aiming to give a thrust towards developing strategic assets, pm narendramodi visited victoria in the tiny island country of seychelles and inked a pact to develop the infrastructure of assumption island.
;;0.0;;march 13-14, 2015  the lankan trip  the first indian pm to visit sri lanka after rajiv gandhi in 1987, narendramodi met newly-elected president maithripala sirisena in colombo and travelled to the tamil-majority jaffna province.
;;0.4404;;he said that after he made a statement appreciating bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi in march this year, he was removed from jd(u).
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu and telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao at the foundation laying ceremony of amaravati.
;;0.0;;(source: pti file photo) prime minister narendramodi with andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu and telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao at the foundation laying ceremony of amaravati.
;;0.2023;;according to the plan, partys top leaders, including prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah, will converge in allahabad on june 12 and 13 for the meet.
;;-0.7964;;pakistan is encouraging terrorism and that is a serious matter, the union hrd minister said, adding the prime minister narendramodi was today holding a high-level meeting with top ministers and other officials over the deadly terror attack in uri.
;;0.0;;he also said that prime minister narendramodi was scheduled to visit raichur on march 13 for the inauguration of the indian institute of information technology (iiit).
;;0.4019;;underscoring the importance his government gives to the armed forces, prime minister narendramodi said saturday that indias national security will not be decided by, or will succumb to any pressure or influence.
;;-0.7717;;westminster terror attack: prime minister narendramodi expressed grief over the loss of lives assuring the uk of indias support.
;;-0.7717;;(file photo) westminster terror attack: prime minister narendramodi expressed grief over the loss of lives assuring the uk of indias support.
;;-0.936;;(file photo)condemning the wednesday attack in london which killed five and left several injured, prime minister narendramodi expressed his condolences to those who lost their lives in the incident, promising to stand with the united kingdom in the fight against terrorism.
;;-0.8271;;@theresa_may@number10gov  narendramodi (@narendramodi) march 23, 2017at least five people were killed and over dozens sustained catastrophic injuries in a shootout outside the british parliament on wednesday.
;;0.8074;;prime minister narendramodi met members of the bose family last october and assured them that he would seek cooperation from other countries  uk and russia among them  in a bid to procure more secret files on the freedom fighter.
;;0.0;;it will be compiled in a booklet that the government plans to publish before may 26, the day prime minister narendramodi took charge three years ago.
;;0.0;;priyanka chopra met prime minister narendramodi earlier in berlin.
;;0.0;;(source: instagram) priyanka chopra met prime minister narendramodi earlier in berlin.
;;0.0;;(source: instagram)indian shooter heena sidhu took a dig at people who trolled bollywood and hollwyood actress priyanka chopra for her dress when she met prime minister narendramodi in berlin.
;;0.3612;;thank you narendramodi sir for taking the time from your packed schedule to meet me this morning.
;;-0.1027;;in the letter, the association wrote: only 230 medicines are available in the store, so we request to increase the numbers of drugs the agency has written to the aiims administration to include 53 most prescribed drugs by aiims doctors, but no action has been taken from your sidethe development comes just days after prime minister narendramodi said he will bring in a legal framework under which doctors have to prescribe generic medicines.
;;0.0;;only rashid alvi,who had recently stoked a controversy comparing gujarat chief minister narendramodi with yamraj,was dropped as aicc spokesperson.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan at the concluding function of narmada seva yatra at amarkantak.
;;0.0;;(source: pmo/twitter) prime minister narendramodi and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan at the concluding function of narmada seva yatra at amarkantak.
;;0.6124;;(source: pmo/twitter)heaping praise on madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, prime minister narendramodi on monday said the state is making commendable strides in its flagship scheme, swachh bharat mission (clean india movement).
;;0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi is taking special interest.
;;0.6486;;a bipartisan group of four top us senators have made a congressional move pushing enhanced military and intelligence co-operation between the two nations, ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis us visit during which defence cooperation is expected to be a major focus.
;;-0.5106;;(express photo/file)the railway ministry has decided to take all its big ticket projects rejected by prime minister narendramodi last month back to him for reconsideration, sources in the ministry said on wednesday.
;;-0.2023;;the decision follows controversial cancellation of chief minister narendramodi modis keynote address (through video conference) at the forum by the host,wharton school of business.
;;-0.5859;;wharton move disappointingus congressman eni faleomavaega has criticised the wharton india economic forums (wief) move to cancel chief minister narendramodi modis keynote address,which was to be held later this month.
;;0.4939;;i rise today to congratulate shri narendramodi on his re-election as chief minister of indias gujarat state, reads faleomavaegas statement dated february 13,2013.
;;0.4939;;us academician hails modius academician minet schindehutte on wednesday praised chief minister narendramodi saying he has fostered a conducive business environment in the state.
;;-0.25;;twitter.com/bv4hv72je8  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) june 2, 2018the all-india protest by lakhs of farmers from june 1 to 10 to observe the first anniversary of the mandsaur shooting is a direct affirmation of the anti-farmer policies of prime minister narendramodi , he said in a statement.
;;0.0;;according to police,he had been found walking before chief minister narendramodi modis convoy on saturday.
;;0.0;;b'(photo used for representational purpose) (photo used for representational purpose)in a recent speech commemorating 50 years of the delhi high court, prime minister narendramodi revisited the possibility of recruiting judges through an all india judicial service (aijs).
;;-0.4404;;(file photo)a bsf constable, who was punished with a seven-day pay cut for disrespecting prime minister narendramodi during a routine drill, has been relieved after modi intervened and directed the force to withdraw the order.
;;-0.5423;;(source: inc)congress president rahul gandhi, sounding the poll bugle for the 2019 general elections, on sunday attacked prime minister narendramodi for his continued silence over issues related to corruption, women safety, bank loan frauds and foreign ammunition deals during a jan aakrosh rally in new delhis ramlila maidan.
;;-0.2263;;congress mp pratap singh bajwa has written to prime minister narendramodi demanding revocation of the gst on purchases made for langar/prasad at the golden temple, durgiani mandir and ram tirath temple in punjab.
;;0.0;;b'an opposition delegation from jammu and kashmir during a meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) an opposition delegation from jammu and kashmir during a meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on monday.
;;-0.5106;;(pti photo)at a meeting with a delegation lef by former jammu and kashmir omar abdullah, prime minister narendramodi on monday expressed concern and pain over the current situation in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.3612;;ut governor kaptan singh solanki had assured us that he would address the issue after prime minister narendramodi modis visit.
;;0.3182;;for instance, last week prime minister narendramodi walked up to greet anand sharma who was recently re-elected to the rajya sabha from himachal pradesh.
;;0.4939;;unexpected praisea senior cabinet minister was taken aback last month when prime minister narendramodi praised minister for external affairs sushma swaraj profusely.
;;0.6486;;us counterterrorism coordinator nathan sales credited the meetings between prime minister narendramodi and president donald trump early in the latters tenure as the reason behind a powerful partnership between the two nations.
;;-0.4767;;after a guest piece in his anthology showed chief minister narendramodi in poor light,the academy,had a couple of months ago,asked him why he should not return the financial assistance.
;;0.4019;;last year, prime minister narendramodi had conveyed to the president of afghanistan about indias support to the cause of afghanistan cricket.
;;-0.1027;;since narendramodi became prime minister, the idea of imposing nationalism by force appears to have gripped too many bjp political leaders.
;;0.3612;;congress leader anand sharma (file photo) congress leader anand sharma (file photo)deputy leader of opposition in rajya sabha anand sharma on saturday launched a fresh attack against prime minister narendramodi accusing him of lowering the grace and dignity of prime ministers office and counselled him to show some sense of balance .
;;0.0;;but, its only narendramodi ,who has taken it to the elections the achievements of the soldiers and army officers for the votes.
;;0.0;;this mention has been made in the joint statement issued by india and france following the meeting between prime minister narendramodi and president emmanuel macron in paris.
;;0.4215;;bjp national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya said they had full faith on the leadership of prime minister narendramodi to give a befitting reply to pakistan.
;;0.296;;the joint statement issued at the end of the summit in which prime minister narendramodi took part said we commit to continue the g20 denial of entry experts network.
;;0.3182;;a central information commission order directing delhi university to allow the inspection of records of all students who had passed ba examination in 1978, the year when prime minister narendramodi had also cleared it, was stayed by the delhi high court on monday.
;;0.3182;;(source: express photo) a central information commission order directing delhi university to allow the inspection of records of all students who had passed ba examination in 1978, the year when prime minister narendramodi had also cleared it, was stayed by the delhi high court on monday.
;;0.3182;;(source: express photo)a central information commission order directing delhi university to allow the inspection of records of all students who had passed ba examination in 1978, the year when prime minister narendramodi had also cleared it, was stayed by the delhi high court on monday.
;;-0.4215;;b'up chief minister yogi adityanath up chief minister yogi adityanathyogi adityanaths taking over as uttar pradesh chief minister has been criticised by several political pundits who say that prime minister narendramodi has picked cow over development.
;;0.0;;he said if the prime minister narendramodi could offer a financial package of rs 1.
;;0.6249;;chief minister narendramodi had attributed the victory to gkms.around 65 schemes for bpl families,women,scs/sts,students and the handicapped are included in gkms,during which the state government hands out benefits like residential plots,houses,widow pension,scholarships,tricycles etc.
;;0.802;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi modis call on thursday for businesses to participate in the creation of infrastructure that will make indias 7,500-kilometer coastline an engine of growth is certain to be widely welcomed.
;;0.872;;(source: twitter/ani)prime minister narendramodi on sunday said brain drain can be converted into brain gain if the nation starts looking at the 27-million strong indian diaspora spread across the world as a strength rather than numbers.
;;0.4019;;advertisingthe opposition parties may discuss their stance on one nation, one election  prime minister narendramodi has called a meeting on wednesday to discuss the same.
;;-0.4767;;(file photo)senior congress leader jairam ramesh on saturday flayed the gujarat development model propagated by prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, claiming that the state was in a much worse condition compared to kerala or tamil nadu.
;;-0.5106;;jafris widow zakia has filed a case against the then gujarat chief minister narendramodi , now the prime minister, and others for allegedly orchestrating the riots.
;;0.7506;;chief minister narendramodi on wednesday promised to fulfill mahatma gandhis dream of gramrajya to ramrajya,saying it was his responsibility to take villages in the state to a new high.
;;0.872;;in his mann ki baat address as well as tweets, prime minister narendramodi has been encouraging the public to help keep statues such as this one clean.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi receives the crown prince of abu dhabi mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, at delhi airport.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi receives the crown prince of abu dhabi mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, at delhi airport.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday went to delhi airport to receive the crown prince of abu dhabi mohammed bin zayed al nahyan who is the chief guest at the republic day on january 26.
;;0.0;;#watch pm narendramodi receives the crown prince of abu dhabi mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, at delhi airport.
;;0.8225;;on saturday, prime minister narendramodi , speaking in mamatas presence, told his bangladesh counterpart, i firmly believe that it is only my government and your excellency, sheikh hasina, your government, that can and will find an early solution to teesta water sharing.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi took to twitter to condole his death.
;;0.296;;b'reacting a day after prime minister manmohan singhs allegations that the bjp had scuttled reforms because action was being taken day against a gujarat minister (read former home minister amit shah),the states chief minister narendramodi said singhs allegations was the biggest joke of 2011.
;;0.4404;;the white house has given a thumbs up to last weeks meeting between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping, saying it was a good thing that the world leaders were getting along.
;;0.0;;pti photothe new bjp-led government in assam will be sworn in on may 24 in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , bjps chief ministerial candidate sarbananda sonwal said today.
;;-0.6486;;for the time in his election speeches, prime minister narendramodi on monday referred to the acquittal of the accused in the samjhauta express blasts case to step up his attack on the congress.
;;0.296;;the verdict of the people of manipur is a verdict for change, and we will together give them that change under the leadership of the central government and prime minister narendramodi , we will be able to see change in manipur.
;;0.4019;;(ap file photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday batted for inter-linking of rivers in the country, saying it can help address the issue of imbalance between areas having excess water and those facing scarcity of the resource.
;;-0.7783;;read more: tamil nadu bandh over cauvery: kanimozhi, m k stalin, other dmk leaders detained; industries shuthe, however, said he would discuss the violence with prime minister narendramodi when he meets him.
;;0.2732;;pti photothe nationalist congress party (ncp) has criticised prime minister narendramodi for his belated comments on atrocities on dalits under the garb of cow protection, saying had he spoken earlier incidents like una and aklaq lynching could have been averted.
;;-0.1655;;in an unusual expression of solidarity with the dalit community that faced the wrath of so-called cow protectors in gujarat recently, prime minister narendramodi , on monday, went hammer and thongs at them, saying if they want to shoot, they should shoot him, but not his dalit brothers.
;;0.6597;;former ips officer kiran bedi tuesday said she trusts the leadership qualities of bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi and said he has the ability to take the country to the next level.
;;0.5574;;i see positive qualities of leadership in narendramodi compared to most others.
;;-0.0772;;first among equalsfinance minister nitin patel,perhaps for the first time,felt he is actually number two in the narendramodi government when he got his first chance to chair cabinet meeting on wednesday,when modi was down with a tooth ache.
;;0.0;;dahal is on a four-day visit to india from today during which he will hold talks with prime minister narendramodi and other indian leaders.
;;0.7579;;b'ljp chief ram vilas paswan, who along with thawarchand gehlot met prime minister narendramodi , said it was a good and elaborate discussion with prime minister narendramodi on the supreme court judgement on the sc/st atrocities act.
;;0.7579;;ljp chief ram vilas paswan, who along with thawarchand gehlot met prime minister narendramodi , said it was a good and elaborate discussion with prime minister narendramodi on the supreme court judgement on the sc/st atrocities act.
;;0.7906;;a delegation of ndas sc and st mps, led by ljp chief ram vilas paswan and union social justice minister thawarchand gehlot, on wednesday met prime minister narendramodi to discuss the supreme court judgement diluting provisions of the sc-st atrocities act.
;;0.7579;;it was a good and elaborate discussion with prime minister narendramodi on the supreme court judgement on the sc/st atrocities act.
;;0.6705;;speaking in parliament in february, prime minister narendramodi had said he was pursuing mahatma gandhis dream of a congress-mukt bharat and accused the grand old party of eulogising the gandhi family when in power, at the cost of the countrys development.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with cabinet ministers of his government in new delhi.
;;0.7351;;( source: pti )stressing on sushasan or good governance as the cornerstone of his government, prime minister narendramodi on thursday gave advice to cabinet colleagues  from asking them to frame priority areas for the first 100 days, to giving adequate work to ministers of state and responding promptly to communication from the states.
;;0.6908;;during the 2014 general election campaign, narendramodi successfully projected his lower-middle class origins to buttress his claim to be the outsider to the bastions of privilege and entitlement.
;;0.3818;;taking a swipe at the bjp government, congress leader priyanka gandhi vadra on monday said either prime minister narendramodi and his dispensation no longer respect rsss views that all issues should be resolved through cordial dialogue or they do not believe there is an issue in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.5106;;on the issue of proposed privatisation of salem steel plant, he said he had written to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention against the move and expressed confidence that the latter will take action.
;;-0.1531;;the national highway builders federation (nhbf) and the construction federation of india (cfi) have complained to prime minister narendramodi modis office objecting to certain provisions in the request for qualification (rfq) document for the project.
;;0.0;;will bachchan ask questions to prime minister narendramodi now he asked.
;;0.5106;;moreover, it is everyones responsibility to blindly trust this assumption because our pm narendramodi is saying this himself.
;;0.6478;;more importantly, prime minister narendramodi broke his silence over the kathua and unnao rapes, underlining that such crimes had no place in civilised society, promising that the culprits would not be spared, complete justice will be done and our daughters will definitely get justice.
;;0.0;;he said the tiranga yatra started by prime minister narendramodi would be complete only after the indian flag is unfurled in gilgit-baltistan and kotli.
;;0.3818;;in january 2015, the government led by prime minister narendramodi changed the base year for computing national accounts which pushed up the economic growth rate for 2013-14 to 6.
;;0.872;;he told them that prime minister narendramodi has become an effective and strong voice for peace and humanity in india and the world.
;;0.0;;hooda also took a dig at gujarat chief minister narendramodi on friday saying haryana had a higher per capita income and investment than gujarat.
;;0.561;;prime minister narendramodi signed the declaration on behalf of the country, and the government of india and state governments have taken full ownership of this ambitious agenda.
;;-0.7845;;pticongress leader sachin pilot friday slammed prime minister narendramodi for his silence over the developments in madhya pradesh, where police firing has killed six farmers.
;;0.3612;;(file)dubbing prime minister narendramodi as a merchant of falsehood after he promised loan waivers to farmers with an eye on up polls, a farmers body today insisted he first do so in bjp-ruled maharashtra.
;;0.4829;;chief minister narendramodi on saturday indirectly targetted the centres rural development schemes,saying that charity for winning elections,instead of solid development work,will not help improve rural india.
;;0.7178;;reacting to vijs statement that narendramodi is better brand than mahatma gandhi, rahul gandhi on saturday tweeted hitler and mussolini were also very powerful brands.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at an international conference in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by ravi kanojia/file) prime minister narendramodi at an international conference in new delhi.
;;0.4767;;it was middle-class indians who helped narendramodi win a full majority despite rahul gandhi and arvind kejriwal accusing him daily of working only for ambani and adani.
;;0.3818;;addressing congress workers at a state-level programme in bikaner of friday, kamat alleged that prime minister narendramodi and the bjp are taking unwarranted credit for the army action, in the poll-bound state of uttar pradesh.
;;-0.5994;;minister of state in the prime ministers office v narayansamy said,bjp brought narendramodi in karnataka,narendra modi has drowned and bjp has been finished there.
;;0.0;;congress sources did not rule out the possibility of priyanka gandhi vadra contesting from varanasi against prime minister narendramodi , ostensibly to counter this insinuation that rahul had run away from up.
;;0.0;;following demonetisation, which was announced by prime minister narendramodi last year in november, the rbi has released two other currency notes of the rs 500 and rs 2,000 denominations.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi and donald trump (right) pm narendramodi and donald trump (right)donald trump calls pm narendramodi modius president donald trump called pm narendramodi on monday and congratulated him for his partys victory in assembly elections 2017.
;;0.7096;;pm narendramodi was also among the leaders who had called trump within hours of his surprise win against hillary clinton in us presidential elections.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi speaks on anti-social elements of cow vigilantes.
;;0.0;;(file) prime minister narendramodi speaks on anti-social elements of cow vigilantes.
;;-0.4019;;(file)in his first public denouncement of cow vigilantes, some of whom flogged dalits in his home state gujarat, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said he felt enraged at such anti-social elements who indulged in crimes by the night and masqueraded as cow protectors by the day.
;;0.7351;;india and indonesia on saturday set an ambitious $ 50 billion targets for bilateral trade over the next six years as prime minister narendramodi and president joko widodo discussed ways to deepen cooperation in a number of key areas including economy, defence and maritime security.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is also scheduled to speak on the same day.
;;0.4215;;he also charged prime minister narendramodi with deliberately delaying implementation of the supreme court order directing the centre to form cauvery management board and the cauvery regulatory committee.
;;0.4877;;(file photo)in an inaugural address to felicitate 75 years of tata memorial hospital, prime minister narendramodi invited start-ups to focus on more research for innovative medical devices.
;;0.6486;;advertisingearlier in the day, pompeo met prime minister narendramodi and congratulated him on winning a decisive mandate in the recent lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;informed sources said rivlin will meet president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan among others during his visit.
;;0.6597;;the claim was,however,disputed by bihar deputy chief minister sushil modi who like nitish kumar has a couple of times in the past expressed reservations about narendramodi modis projection as pm candidate and is strictly in favour of continuation of the alliance.
;;0.5106;;kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan had also expressed his strong disapproval of the move, sending a letter to prime minister narendramodi in relation to the case last week.
;;0.3744;;although prime minister narendramodi and president trump have so far exchanged pleasantries over telephone on january 24, the first face-to-face meeting between the two leaders is expected to happen in july during the g20 summit at hamburg, germany.
;;0.3182;;on the safety of kashmiris residing outside the state, some of whom have come under attack, the governor noted that prime minister narendramodi had given clear directions to state governments in this regard.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , approved the project to be constructed at a total cost of rs 1,123 crore.
;;0.7845;;in the midst of speculations about whether or not the gujarat model of governance will suit the rest of india,chief minister narendramodi on tuesday openly declared that what was good for gujarat,was good for the country as well.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi had launched the swachh bharat mission in november 2014 from the same city.
;;0.0;;the two big currency notes of rs 1000 and rs 500 were demonetised after prime minister narendramodi made a national address in this regard on november 8 last year.
;;0.0;;in a bid to keep an eye on chinese moves in the indo-pacific region, india and france are likely to sign a pact on maritime surveillance when prime minister narendramodi meets french president emmanuel macron on august 22 in paris.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi discussed the mishap with the up cm over the phone.
;;0.0;;shiv sena mp arvind sawant said a massive turnout in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) polls means there is a big wave against prime minister narendramodi and his demonetisation exercise.
;;-0.1027;;sad: will support bjps pm candidatea day after nda ally jd(u) virtually opposed gujarat chief minister narendramodi as the possible prime ministerial candidate,another partner shiromani akali dal (sad) monday said it was with bjp and would stand by any decision taken by the opposition alliance in this regard.
;;-0.2263;;union minister of state for external affairs v k singh, in written reply to a question in rajya sabha, said that during the british prime ministers visit nearly three months ago, she and prime minister narendramodi had agreed that fugitives and criminals should not be allowed to escape the law.
;;-0.5209;;b'tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaatwo days after four more fishermen were arrested by the sri lankan navy, tamil nadu chief minister jayalalithaa on saturday sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention for their release besides 90 boats seized.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has three priorities for jammu and kashmir, said jaitley, minister of finance.
;;0.2263;;the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , approved the redevelopment of seven general pool residential accommodation (gpra) colonies in sarojini nagar, netaji nagar, nauroji nagar through national buildings construction corporation limited (nbcc) and in kasturba nagar, thyagraj nagar, srinivaspuri and mohammadpur through central public works department (cpwd) to replace the existing housing stock.
;;-0.2732;;hollande and indian prime minister narendramodi stepped into the estimated $9-billion deal last year, ordering government-to-government talks after commercial negotiations with the plane maker, dassault aviation, collapsed.
;;0.0;;after being sidelined by chief minister narendramodi who replaced him in 2001,keshubhai came out openly against the state government and had been organising parivartan sammelans across gujarat.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi addressing the centenary celebrations of bharat sevashram sangha through video conferencing, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo / pib new delhi: prime minister narendramodi addressing the centenary celebrations of bharat sevashram sangha through video conferencing, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.4404;;pti photo / pibaiming to make the northeast a gateway of southeast asia, the government has initiated major infrastructure projects in the seven states, including investing rs 40,000 crore to improve the roads and highways, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday.
;;-0.34;;the idea to involve citizens was mooted by prime minister narendramodi at the directors general and inspectors general conference, where he had stressed that police force should work on bridging the gap between them and the society.
;;-0.128;;indian farmers voted overwhelmingly for prime minister narendramodi in the 2014 general election that swept him to power.
;;0.5267;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi today held bilateral talks with several heads of state and ministers who have converged here for the vibrant gujarat global summit.
;;0.6597;;on a day when former prime minister manmohan singh came down heavily upon the government for the economic slowdown, senior congress leader salman khurshid said that finding something good prime minister narendramodi has done would be like looking for a needle in a haystack.
;;0.7964;;(source: pti)extending easter greetings to people, prime minister narendramodi on sunday cited the teachings of jesus christ to pitch for creation of a world that is just and compassionate.
;;-0.3818;;watch video: whats making newshe said even prime minister narendramodi is afraid of losing the partys hold in the state.
;;-0.1298;;irrespective of these attempts to defame the bjp, the nda government, under the stewardship of prime minister narendramodi , is fully committed to the upliftment of scs, sts, obcs, minorities and other weaker sections.
;;0.0;;this september 5, however, the teachers have an additional headache  they have to arrange for radios or television sets so that the students, from classes i to v, can listen to prime minister narendramodi modis address on teachers day.
;;-0.2732;;53 years and countingharpreet kaur, the lone class v student at the government primary school, dharampura, knows who narendramodi is and wants to listen to his speech on teachers day.
;;0.9118;;here are some facts that can help prime minister narendramodi and the bjp take the plunge into being a political party that people might like to like, rather than a party that people love to hate.
;;-0.6249;;photo for representational purpose photo for representational purposebarely a few hours before the arrival of prime minister narendramodi in jammu and kashmir on tuesday morning, bsf troops in samba sector foiled an infiltration attempt by terrorists from pakistan side.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will release the four-yearly report of the all-india tiger estimation on monday, on the occasion of world tiger day.
;;0.5106;;b'prime minister narendramodi said, three years on, i am delighted to see how mudra yojana has brought prosperity in the lives of many.
;;0.5106;;(express photo/file) prime minister narendramodi said, three years on, i am delighted to see how mudra yojana has brought prosperity in the lives of many.
;;0.5994;;(express photo/file)prime minister narendramodi on sunday expressed delight over the completion of three years of pradhan mantri mudra yojana (pmmy) which was introduced to cater to entrepreneurs who are either in their early stage or require lesser funds in order to get their business running.
;;-0.2263;;calling dissent an essence of democracy, bukhari said prime minister narendramodi was shying away from his responsibility.
;;0.3818;;when the lok sabha election of 2014 was imminent, the bjp named mr narendramodi as its candidate for prime minister, and the candidate almost immediately began to popularise the slogans that would eventually define the election: achhe din aanewale hain; kaala dhan wapasi; sabka saath, sabka vikas, and many others.
;;0.802;;advertisingtalking about india being among the fastest growing economies in the world and prime minister narendramodi recently announcing his vision of india becoming a $5-trillion economy, godrej said, but with the growth vision and dreams firing away, its not all a rosy picture as yet.
;;0.5888;;25 billion people of india have not only become active partners in governance but also started moving one step ahead because there is mutual trust between the government and the people, said prime minister narendramodi as he marked the completion of his governments third year at the centre.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi with us president barack obama.
;;0.0;;(file photo) pm narendramodi with us president barack obama.
;;0.6597;;(file photo)with just 100 days left in barack obamas presidency, a top american think-tank has suggested the new us president should meet prime minister narendramodi within first 100 days to strongly signal importance of continuing close relations between the two countries.
;;-0.8442;;the two ministers  lal singh and chander prakash ganga  resigned on friday, soon after prime minister narendramodi said these incidents, including a rape case in which a bjp mla from unnao district of uttar pradesh is the accused, had shamed the country and that justice would be ensured in all the cases.
;;-0.1531;;targeting the congress for its leader sam pitrodas hua toh hua remark on the 1984 anti-sikh riots, prime minister narendramodi said friday that it shows the character, mentality and intentions of the party.
;;-0.4404;;the cleric of hazrat imamshah bava trust,who had offered a skull cap to chief minister narendramodi during the sadbhavana mission fast last month,on sunday claimed that he was denied permission to sit on a fast at the sabarmati ashram,after which he took out a rally.
;;0.0;;though prime minister narendramodi had formally announced way back in may this year that the countrys longest bridge  across the brahmaputra connecting dhola with sadiya in upper assam  was named after legendary balladeer bhupen hazarika, it was however only on sunday that the state government finally put a signboard there with hazarikas name on it.
;;0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi (reuters) prime minister narendramodi (reuters)next week narendramodi goes to davos to try and convince some of the richest men in the world that india is open for business.
;;-0.8908;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi also expressed his support for uk after the attack as he took to twitter on thursday and said: deeply saddened by the terror attack in london.
;;-0.4939;;doshi said that prime minister narendramodi always accused the congress-led upa government of being biased against gujarat in every matter.
;;0.0;;b'president of france francois hollande with prime minister narendramodi in chandigarh on sunday, january 24 2016.
;;0.0;;(express photo) president of france francois hollande with prime minister narendramodi in chandigarh on sunday, january 24 2016.
;;-0.4404;;since he took charge in may 2014, prime minister narendramodi has been bearing down on south block to recognise the potential of military partnerships in modernising indias defence-industrial base and enhancing indias strategic weight in the international system.
;;-0.128;;the two organisations argued that the commission could recall them for improving on the original evidence and negate the evidence of recently suspended ips officer,sanjiv bhatt,regarding the meeting called by chief minister narendramodi on february 27,2002.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;(file photo)announcing the meeting between us president donald trump and prime minister narendramodi , white house press secretary sean spicer monday said the president was looking forward to meeting pm modi.
;;0.7184;;expressing his gratitude to the indian government for its support, he said prime minister narendramodi would not have travelled to sri lanka if it was unsafe.
;;0.0;;suryakant mahadik, president of the bharatiya kamgar sena, said: prime minister narendramodi is working only for a handful of industrialists.
;;0.2023;;at a review meeting on the economy called by prime minister narendramodi immediately after his independence day address, discussions are learnt to have focused on low-hanging, high visibility measures that could impact a stimulus, such as a fund to wrap up housing projects that are in their final stages but are held up, and a warehousing push, which featured in the bjp manifesto.
;;0.0;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi will visit dakshineswar temple and ramakrishna mission in belur during his trip to west bengal.
;;0.7003;;a meeting of the general house of municipal corporation (mc), scheduled for july 22, is likely to be a stormy affair as one of the agenda items seeking resolution of the house in declaring its intent for prime minister narendramodi modis ambitious smart city mission will come up for discussion.
;;0.128;;the services launched under the udan regional connectivity scheme of the central government were inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi through video conferencing.
;;0.128;;the services launched under the udan regional connectivity scheme of the central government were inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi through video conferencing.
;;0.128;;the services launched under the udan regional connectivity scheme of the central government were inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi through video conferencing, air odisha said in a release.
;;0.4588;;the udan is a flagship scheme initiated by prime minister narendramodi to spur economic growth and make air travel more affordable, said mr shaishav shah, managing director, air odisha aviation, and executive director, gsec.
;;0.5859;;e sreedharan, former managing director of the delhi metro rail corporation (dmrc), has written to prime minister narendramodi asking for his personal intervention to stop the aam aadmi party governments proposal of free travel to ladies in the metro.
;;0.5423;;praising prime minister narendramodi and union minister kiren rijiju for their concern for arunachal pradesh, khandu said, during his three interactions with the pm, modi had given him specific directions to take each and every scheme of the government to the grassroot.
;;0.1027;;police commissioner rakesh maria and joint commissioner of police vivek phansalkar reached gate 2 shortly after prime minister narendramodi modis convoy entered around 4.
;;0.8573;;chief minister narendramodi may not have given him appointment, but his government has replied to aam admi party (aap) convenor arvind kejriwals 16 questions on busting the gujarat development myth, claiming that the state has done remarkable development.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi has directed us to start the scheme before march end so that people get the benefit from april, she said.
;;0.9313;;as the holy month of ramzan began today, prime minister narendramodi greeted the nation and prayed that it enhances the spirit of peace and harmony in the country which is proud to have people from all faiths and communities.
;;0.3818;;licence plates of adjoining states, along with those of the delhi ncr, moved bumper to bumper looking for a spot closest to the red fort in order to get a clear view of prime minister narendramodi as he addressed the nation from the ramparts of the monument.
;;0.4215;;(photo for representation)the union cabinet, headed by prime minister narendramodi , on wednesday approved the launch of the ayushman bharat or national health protection mission, which was announced by finance minister arun jaitley in this years budget.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi will chair a meeting of niti aayog today to give concrete shape to the 15-year vision document for accelerating all round development of the country.
;;0.6908;;the ambitious startup india campaign that prime minister narendramodi launched earlier this year is expected to complement as well.
;;0.0;;the exercise also saw faltering school children made to read out a two-page letter from chief minister narendramodi during prayer time over the three days.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is the second most followed world leader on twitter after us president donald trump.
;;-0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi condemned the attack saying those responsible will not be spared.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi had identified a long to-do list for the party in his address to its mps.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on monday reviewed the preparedness for the new indirect tax regime gst  which will be rolled out from next month.
;;-0.7269;;elsewhere,the vadodara police detained former bjp minister nalin bhatt prior to his rally to protest against the police for denying him permission to meet chief minister narendramodi and press demands for central gujarat.
;;-0.296;;prime minister narendramodi has often underlined that government has no business being in business.
;;0.8519;;watch what else is making newsholding a cutout of prime minister narendramodi , party worker saroj mishra said: hamara 15 saal ka vanvaas toota hai aaj yeh sab modiji ki wajah se hai is se badhiya holi kya ho sakti hai (our 15-year exile has ended this is all because of modiji what can be a better way to celebrate holi).
;;-0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi of india, attending as a guest, declined trumps offer to mediate the escalating dispute with pakistan over the territory of kashmir.
;;0.8176;;embarking on a reset of its relationship with beijing in the run-up to the meeting in june between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping on the margins of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) meeting  this includes tamping down of its public affection for the dalai lama as well as visits to beijing by defence minister nirmala sitharaman and external affairs minister sushma swaraj in the coming weeks  it is clear that delhi expects beijing to reciprocate.
;;0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi modis spectacular and decisive victory in the 2014 lok sabha elections convinced the international community that he had emerged as the countrys tallest political leader, without a real rival.
;;0.3818;;the inquiry into gstn was launched following bjp mp subramanian swamys letter to prime minister narendramodi , questioning the rs 300-crore grant by the finance ministry to privately held spv.
;;0.3182;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi was expected to visit the fair.
;;0.743;;among the reasons it lists for the gradual return of peace are prime minister narendramodi modis sincere efforts to reach out to the kashmiri people.
;;0.0;;babbar is in varanasi to take part in congress president sonia gandhis road show in varanasi, the lok sabha constituency prime minister narendramodi represents.
;;0.4019;;finally, bjp general secretary v satish, calling from a generator room of the bjp headquarters near gandhinagar, to keep out of sight of the prying eyes of mediapersons, telephoned narendramodi for clarity.
;;0.34;;missing mediaprime minister narendramodi was displeased to note that while his rally at chandrashekhar azads birthplace bhabra village in madhya pradesh, to pay tribute to the freedom fighter, was well attended, there were many vacant seats in the front rows meant for the media.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi also talked about organ donation which has helped.
;;0.5423;;(source: ap)ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis third trip to washington in less than two years, indias envoy to the us has said that the two countries have experienced a fascinating transformation in relations.
;;0.0;;b'world trade organisation chief roberto azevedo with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;(source: narendramodi modi/twitter) world trade organisation chief roberto azevedo with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi pm narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi has reiterated his suggestion that centre and state elections should be held together.
;;0.0258;;advertisingpm modis gesture prompted scientists to look for what went wrong: drdo chairmanmeanwhile, chairman of defence research and development organisation g satheesh reddy said prime minister narendramodi modis gesture of hugging and consoling isro chief was a morale booster for the scientists at the space station.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday said an isro spirit has gripped the country, which has been united by the moon mission chandrayaan-2, and the nation now looks beyond success and failure.
;;0.4588;;b'new delhi: president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi with president of egypt, abdel fattah el-sisi during a ceremonial welcome at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on friday.
;;0.4588;;(source: pti photo) new delhi: president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi with president of egypt, abdel fattah el-sisi during a ceremonial welcome at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on friday.
;;0.1027;;(source: pti photo)india and egypt on friday decided to significantly step up their defence and security cooperation to effectively deal with twin challenges of terrorism and radicalisation as prime minister narendramodi and egyptian president abdel fattah al-sisi held talks covering the entire expanse of ties.
;;0.0;;(pti file photo)jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti is expected to meet prime minister narendramodi on monday to discuss the unrest in the valley.
;;0.0;;the gangrape case was raised by prime minister narendramodi at the time of the lok sabha elections.
;;0.9115;;and we know that prime minister narendramodi has great confidence and trust in his abilities, so his engagements will be treated quite seriously, he said.
;;0.0;;when prime minister narendramodi came to power, many thought that the west asian region would not be our priority since they comprise muslim-majority countries.
;;0.4404;;advertisingspeaking during the supplementary budget debate in the state legislative assembly, adityanath said prime minister narendramodi had asked the state to accept the challenge.
;;0.1779;;(file photo)appealing to prime minister narendramodi to uphold the secular fabric of the country, lok sabha mp and key ally of the bjp in the northeast, conrad sangma, has asked him to defer the central governments plan to observe april 14 as digital india day, as it falls on good friday.
;;0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi at manekshaw centre (source: ani_news/twitter) prime minister narendramodi at manekshaw centre (source: ani_news/twitter)in a veiled reference to pakistan, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said there is one thought in south asia that inspires and encourages terrorism.
;;-0.7717;;since narendramodi became prime minister, we have seen far too many of his partymen exhibit their complete ignorance about hindu civilisation by spreading hatred against those who eat beef and believing that they do this in the cause of reviving hindu thought from vedic times.
;;0.0;;b'in his speech at the world sufi forum in new delhi on thursday, prime minister narendramodi said sufism was a celebration of diversity and pluralism which helped shape a distinct islamic heritage of india.
;;-0.7351;;expressing his condolence, prime minister narendramodi tweeted, collapse of a pandaal in rajasthans barmer is unfortunate.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on november 8 last year demonetised rs 500 and rs 1000 notes.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)the ec on thursday drew the cabinet secretarys attention to violations of the model code of conduct in goa and uttarakhand where government advertisements carried photographs of prime minister narendramodi modi.
;;0.0;;he took various questions during his programme, talk to ak, which was similar to that of prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat.
;;-0.128;;jaishankars statement sets the stage for prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the us where the j&k issue is expected to dominate the discourse.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi at a dinner hosted by the president of united states of america (usa), barack obama, at the white house, in washington dc.
;;0.4215;;(file/pti) prime minister narendramodi at a dinner hosted by the president of united states of america (usa), barack obama, at the white house, in washington dc.
;;-0.7096;;(file/pti)the us has asked pakistan to ensure that its territory is not used for planning attacks in india, after prime minister narendramodi said terrorism is being incubated in indias neighbourhood.
;;0.0;;responding to a question, toner said pakistan was one of the issues discussed between prime minister narendramodi and us president barack obama.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi will inaugurate a two-day burhani expo,an industrial exhibition which is being organised by the dawoodi bohra community at the gujarat university exhibition hall on february 19 and 20.
;;0.6369;;consultation and consensus is the best and often the only way forward, he said while lauding the speech of prime minister narendramodi after bjp scored landslide victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand.
;;0.7713;;i have also been deeply impressed by the focused approach, energy and capacity for hard work of prime minister narendramodi , he said.
;;-0.9022;;watch video | atleast 10 soldiers dead as avalanches hit jammu & kashmirs gurez sectormeanwhile, prime minister narendramodi also expressed sadness at the death of soldiers.
;;0.0;;speaking at the 14th asean summit in laos earlier this month, prime minister narendramodi had hit out at pakistan without naming it.
;;-0.5859;;(source: pti/file)left parties on thursday attacked prime minister narendramodi for talking and walking in opposite direction, saying he continued to suffer from the hangover of his election speeches and went on with his rhetoric.
;;0.34;;indeed, prime minster narendramodi rightly asked us to affirm the motto: sabka saath, sabka vikas (roughly, inclusive constitutional development is the only worthwhile development).
;;0.4939;;b'prime minister narendramodi today launched the smart cities mission project in pune.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi today launched the smart cities mission project in pune.
;;0.5574;;marking the first anniversary of the announcement of the governments flagship programme, prime minister narendramodi on saturday launched the smart city mission projects from punes 5,000-capacity shiv chatrapati sports complex.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi had declared demonetisation of two high value currencies of rs 1000 and rs 500 denomination on november 8 last year.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bsp chief mayawati faced off over the alwar gangrape sunday.
;;0.6759;;in response, mayawati issued a statement saying narendramodi should not do disgusting politics under the cover of this disgusting incident.
;;-0.7845;;b'after a u-turn by the gujarat chief minister narendramodi government on the death penalty for former minister maya kodnani and nine others,convicted in 2002 naroda patiya riot case,the sit has decided to seek supreme courts guidance on the issue.
;;-0.5574;;after centres decision to ban the sale and purchase of cattle from animal markets for slaughter, kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan on saturday shot off a letter to prime minister narendramodi where he said such restrictions go against the principles of secularism and federalism as enshrined in the constitution.
;;0.4019;;advertisingspeaking at a celebration ahead of independence day in chhota udepur at a yuva samm-elan (youth conference), rupani equated the removal of special status of jammu and kashmir with it becoming independent, and congratulated prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah for the historical step.
;;0.128;;the setting up of the task force was announced by prime minister narendramodi just days after a disappointing end to the rio olympics where india won just two medals  silver and a bronze  despite sending the largest contingent so far at the summer games.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit jammu and kashmir on may 19.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi has often said that the constitution is the holy text of the government and its sanctity will be protected.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi modis upcoming visit to the american capital will highlight the deepening of the us-india relationship, the white house has said.
;;0.1921;;she alleged that prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah have not just murdered democracy in up and uttarakhand in their hunger for power, but also greatly misused money and power to trample on the mandate in goa and manipur.
;;-0.296;;b'an annual conference of printing industry,which ran into controversy after some of the participants pulled out protesting against an invite to narendramodi modi,was held here today,without the gujarat chief minister.
;;-0.25;;earlier this week,several members of the all india federation of maste printers,which organised the event,withdrew from it to protest the participation of narendramodi as the chief guest.
;;-0.8271;;(ap photo)jammu & kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti on monday met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi and apprised him of the overall situation in her state, stressing on the need to end the cycle of violence by addressing alienation among the youth.
;;0.0;;chief minister mehbooba mufti called on prime minister narendramodi today and apprised him about the overall situation in jammu and kashmir, an official spokesman said.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi stressed the need to provide maximum benefit to the poor under this scheme.
;;-0.3612;;express photo by tashi tobgyal prime minister narendramodi stressed the need to provide maximum benefit to the poor under this scheme.
;;0.8074;;express photo by tashi tobgyalprime minister narendramodi on monday reviewed the progress of preparations for the launch of the ambitious health assurance scheme under the ayushman bharat programme.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi is set to host a dinner for all nda mps on, a move aimed at seeking their support for the nda presidential candidate.
;;-0.4215;;addressing a rally at nagrakata in north bengal, adhir criticised both chief minister mamata banerjee and prime minister narendramodi for keeping mum on the narada sting operation.
;;0.8196;;(source: twitter/ @narendramodi )inaugurating the pravasi bharatiya kendra on sunday, prime minister narendramodi said that india has never coveted any territory nor has it attacked a country but made sacrifices for the freedom of others.
;;0.128;;kamleshwar singhvillagers of khuda jassu and daria listened to the speech of prime minister narendramodi in rapt attention as he launched the gram uday se surya uday scheme, which was telecast on the projector screens.
;;0.5267;;the three-member panel, headed by prime minister narendramodi and also including chief justice of india j s khehar, had met on monday to finalise the candidate.
;;-0.296;;a day earlier, prime minister narendramodi had accused the sp-congress of chanting gayatri prajapati mantra.
;;0.4767;;(express photo: tashi tobgyal/file)when the bjps plush new headquarters on deen dayal upadhyay marg was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi last sunday, it was meant to be the partys moment of triumph.
;;-0.4767;;b'within hours of gujarat chief minister narendramodi slamming the upa govt over the nctc new draft,saying it will be misused against the opposition,bihar cm nitish kumar too voiced his apprehension over the subject.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has announced that all families in the country would have housing facility by 2022.
;;0.0;;we have come to know from the documents received from the state government that it contains the literature and photos of the last few years rule of narendramodi , state congress president arjun modhwadia said.
;;0.4767;;russian president vladimir putin, right, and indian prime minister narendramodi give each other a hug at the st. petersburg international economic forum in st. petersburg, russia, friday, june 2, 2017.
;;0.4767;;(tass news agency pool photo via ap) russian president vladimir putin, right, and indian prime minister narendramodi give each other a hug at the st. petersburg international economic forum in st. petersburg, russia, friday, june 2, 2017.
;;0.3818;;russian president vladimir putin, after summit talks with prime minister narendramodi yesterday, said russian-indian economic cooperation is returning to a growth trajectory.
;;0.0;;the cic selection panel comprises prime minister narendramodi , finance minister arun jaitley and leader of congress in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge.
;;0.0;;badal joined prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet in 2014 after retaining her parliamentary seat in bathinda, punjab.
;;0.2732;;express photothe union government seems favourably disposed towards extending the scope of the right to education act, as one of the eight groups of secretaries set up by prime minister narendramodi has suggested that secondary as well as higher secondary education become a fundamental right in three years.
;;-0.0772;;modi nervous,says vaghelareacting to chief minister narendramodi modis comments at bjp national executive at surajkund that bjp in gujarat not only has to face congress but also cbi in the upcoming assembly elections,senior congress leader shankersinh vaghela said it only reflected the nervousness of the man who was seeing sure defeat for his party at the hustings.
;;-0.6249;;former chief minister prithviraj chavan on friday wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi highlighting how two senior cabinet ministers, agriculture minister pandurang phundkar and food and civil supplies minister girish bapat, were touring abroad when farmers were reeling under an agriculture crisis in maharashtra.
;;0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday hoped for a breakthrough on gst and said that efforts are on to enlist the co-operation of all to ensure that it is in place by the end of the budget session.
;;0.6597;;considering the shortcomings of earlier efforts to clean the ganga, prime minister narendramodi has earmarked rs 20000 crore for the clean ganga project, said yogi.
;;-0.5994;;after the house was adjourned sine die, prime minister narendramodi , union ministers and congress president sonia gandhi were seen going to her chamber.
;;0.0;;washington: us president barack obama listens as prime minister narendramodi during their joint press briefing in the oval office of the white house in washington on tuesday.
;;0.0;;pti photo by kamal kishore(pti6_7_2016_000289b) washington: us president barack obama listens as prime minister narendramodi during their joint press briefing in the oval office of the white house in washington on tuesday.
;;0.4215;;pti photo by kamal kishore(pti6_7_2016_000289b)india and united states released a joint statement after prime minister narendramodi met us president barack obama on june 7 at white house and reviewed the bilateral ties between the two nations.
;;0.6808;;here is the full text:1) the prime minister of india narendramodi and the president of the united states of america barack obama met today in the white house during an official working visit of prime minister modi to the united states.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has set the december deadline for flagging off the project between pimpri and dapodi, a five km stretch on corridor one from pimpri to swargate.
;;-0.0258;;aizawl fc said they will approach prime minister narendramodi and asian football confederation president salman bin ibrahim al-khalifa if they are denied an opportunity to defend their i-league title next season.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modithe decision to hold prime minister narendramodi modis rally, to highlight the achievement of his government that completes two years, in saharanpur was taken keeping in mind the fact that uttar pradesh goes to assembly polls early next year, a senior bjp leader confirmed wednesday.
;;-0.5994;;watch what else is making newskerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan earlier on february 4 wrote to prime minister narendramodi requesting an enquiry into e. ahameds death, saying the situation shouldve been handled in humanitarian way.
;;0.0;;chhattisgarh police put out a circular on april 6, eight days before prime minister narendramodi , accompanied by chief minister raman singh, told crowds at the launch of ayushman bharat in bijapur that it is the responsibility of the government to be concerned about your rights (aapke haqon ki chinta karna sarkar ka dayitva hai).
;;0.4404;;b'saudi king salman (r) walks with indias prime minister narendramodi during an official welcoming ceremony in riyadh, saudi arabia april 3, 2016.
;;0.4404;;(source: reuters) saudi king salman (r) walks with indias prime minister narendramodi during an official welcoming ceremony in riyadh, saudi arabia april 3, 2016.
;;0.7351;;(source: reuters)prime minister narendramodi modis just concluded visit to saudi arabia and the expansive agenda for bilateral security cooperation that he unveiled there mark an important inflection point in indias engagement with the middle east.
;;-0.4226;;b'why the rss smoothed the way for the elevation of a bjp leader it is threatened bywith the bjp appointing gujarat chief minister narendramodi as the campaign committee chief for the election season ahead and ignoring l.k. advani,the rss has already begun claiming that it has sent out a clear message: it is not in favour of the party being held hostage to its past.
;;-0.296;;during his campaign, prime minister narendramodi alleged that no action was taken until alwar went to polls on may 6.
;;-0.3182;;in his sc affidavit,bhatt had stated that chief minister narendramodi had,in a meeting on february 27,2002,instructed top officials to let hindus vent their ire against muslims in the immediate aftermath of the godhra train attack.
;;0.0;;bhatt claimed he had personally informed cm narendramodi about the same,but he did not take any action.
;;0.5267;;thanking prime minister narendramodi for his support, sonowal said, we have the spirit of unity and we have to live up to the peoples expectations.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh paid tributes to sayeed at the palam technical area before the body was flown to srinagar.
;;0.0;;recently, the school was visited by union minister for human resource development prakash javadekar on september 17 on prime minister narendramodi modis birthday.
;;0.6369;;president barack obama became the first us president to visit india twice during his tenure in office; prime minister narendramodi , meanwhile, has travelled four times to the united states, underlining the value both governments have placed on expanding our economic and commercial relationship.
;;0.4567;;as all bjp leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , his ministerial colleagues and party mps and office-bearers, observed fast on thursday to protest the washout of the second phase of parliaments budget session, there was one party leader who could not as he mistakenly ate cashew nuts.
;;-0.128;;the supreme court-appointed sit is likely to conclude its arguments wednesday against 2002 riot victim zakia jafris petition challenging the clean chit given to chief minister narendramodi and others in this case.
;;0.34;;the decision was taken after national security advisor ajit doval met prime minister narendramodi on his return from paris.
;;-0.9042;;swarup said the dialogue process, which started with the nsas meeting in bangkok and continued with the external affairs ministers visit to islamabad and prime minister narendramodi modis brief visit to lahore, was in danger because of the terrorist attack in pathankot.
;;0.0;;union minister ravi shankar prasad, meanwhile, told reporters that during the partys national executive in bhubaneshwar, shah said that prime minister narendramodi is the most populist leader today due to his extraordinary connect with the people.
;;0.0;;the entrance to the chenani-nashri tunnel, which the prime minister narendramodi will open on april 2 (source: pti photo) the entrance to the chenani-nashri tunnel, which the prime minister narendramodi will open on april 2 (source: pti photo)the chenani-nashri tunnel was inaugurated on sunday by prime minister narendramodi modi.
;;0.5719;;us president donald trump (source: reuters/file) us president donald trump (source: reuters/file)us president donald trump on monday called prime minister narendramodi and congratulated him on his recent electoral success, the white house said.
;;-0.4767;;a cleric of a mosque in chunar police station area of mirzapur district was arrested on wednesday for allegedly posting a morphed objectionable photo of prime minister narendramodi with his pakistan counterpart, imran khan, on his facebook account.
;;-0.296;;the accused, abid ali hussain (27) who is an imam at a local mosque, posted a morphed objectionable photo of prime minister narendramodi on his facebook page.
;;-0.5994;;lok sabha adjourned for day,tributes pour inahmedabad: chief minister narendramodi condoled the death of the congress leader.
;;0.0;;however,this time,the young bjp leaders,following chief minister narendramodi modis instructions,are also banking heavily on social networking and micro-blogging sites to achieve the target.
;;0.0;;the move is in line with the announcement of this initiative by prime minister narendramodi last month.
;;-0.2732;;the ex gratia amount has been sanctioned from the prime ministers national relief fund (pmnrf) for ravindra kumars family(pti photo) the ex gratia amount has been sanctioned from the prime ministers national relief fund (pmnrf) for ravindra kumars family(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on monday condemned the killing of the 31-year-old e-rickshaw driver ravindra kumar in northwest delhis mukherjee nagar area.
;;0.0;;b'setting up an aiims in the home state of prime minister narendramodi was announced by finance minister arun jaitley in the 2017-2018 budget.
;;0.0;;(file photo) setting up an aiims in the home state of prime minister narendramodi was announced by finance minister arun jaitley in the 2017-2018 budget.
;;0.0;;setting up an aiims (all india institutes of medical sciences) in the home state of prime minister narendramodi was announced by finance minister arun jaitley in the 2017-2018 budget.
;;-0.8689;;an advocate, who has filed a criminal complaint against chief minister arvind kejriwal for allegedly using defamatory and seditious words against prime minister narendramodi , on friday argued in a delhi court that the aap chiefs statements could spread disharmony.
;;0.5267;;in another matter, maharashtra congress chief ashok chavan also alleged that certificates issued in august 2014 by prime minister narendramodi for rehabilitation of project-affected persons of the jawaharlal nehru port trust land in navi mumbai was just for show.
;;0.0;;the new terminal of chandigarh international airport located in mohali was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in 2015.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi at vibrant gujarat summit (file photo) prime minister narendramodi at vibrant gujarat summit (file photo)congress on tuesday latched on to the vibrant gujarat summit to mount attack on prime minister narendramodi , lamenting that crores are being spent on such festivals by the bjp government there at a time when the nation is stuck in economic crisis due to demonetisation.
;;0.0;;while in chandigarh, he worked closely with prime minister narendramodi when he was based there as in-charge of the city bjp affairs.
;;-0.7269;;bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina wanted me to convey condolences to our prime minister narendramodi , external affairs minister sushma swaraj and she said that we will be resolute in the fight against terrorism, he added.
;;0.6369;;the israeli leader also referred to prime minister narendramodi modis recent visit to israel, saying that the indian leader said he needed to take care of indias interests.
;;0.8316;;sounding poll bugle for the upcoming elections in haryana, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the mammoth support for chief minister manohar lal khattar shows the direction of the wind and makes clear with whom peoples blessings will be in the state.
;;0.7579;;prime minister narendramodi on friday congratulated p v sindhu for winning the silver medal in rio olympics, saying her accomplishment is historic and will be remembered for years.
;;0.0;;(file photo)puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy today lashed out at prime minister narendramodi and the centre for letting down farmers in tamil nadu and puducherry by deliberately delaying the formation of cauvery management board (cmb).
;;-0.2732;;(source: twitter/@upcc_official)taking the battle to prime minister narendramodi modis turf, congress president sonia gandhi tuesday launched her partys campaign for the 2017 uttar pradesh assembly election with a massive roadshow here.
;;-0.6705;;b'bjp today described rahul gandhis speech at a cii programme as that of a confused leader which reflected fear of the emergence of gujarat chief minister narendramodi in national politics.
;;0.1531;;b'prime minister narendramodi greets thailands prime minister prayuth chan-ocha.
;;0.1531;;express photo prime minister narendramodi greets thailands prime minister prayuth chan-ocha.
;;0.0;;during his meeting with the chairman of external relations commission hoang binh quan, sonowal mentioned about the thrust given to the north eastern region of india by prime minister narendramodi through act east policy and the infrastructural advancements made in recent years.
;;-0.128;;(file photo)in the 32nd edition of mann ki baat, prime minister narendramodi welcomed the constructive criticism on his governments performance.
;;0.9794;;he spent time at the kaala pani and there he wrote a lot: pm11:04 am: i am happy to see youngsters are taking interest in lives of our freedom fighters, who spent their lives in jail: pm modi on the occasion of vinayak damodar savarkars birth anniversary11:03 am: we are proud that people from all faiths live in india in a harmonious manner: pm11:02 am: we are proud that out ancestors have left such a culture where indias diversity today is its strength: pm11:00 am: prime minister narendramodi begins his monthly address by wishing the nation on the occasion of ramzan.
;;0.4019;;in a statement, party general secretary s sudhakar reddy alleged the move marked the beginning of prime minister narendramodi and rss chief mohan bhagwats attempts to convert the country into a hindu rashtra.
;;0.8481;;i would like to thank prime minister narendramodi for reposing his faith in me and giving me the charge of environment ministry, he said.
;;0.3818;;in fact,to promote their candidates,abvp has used gujarat chief minister narendramodi and swami vivekanandas images on their social media platforms.
;;0.0;;one of its posters has narendramodi occupying half the space,while the four dusu candidates asking for votes to lead for change have been pushed to the other side.
;;0.5719;;(source: express photo by prashant nadka)bjp on sunday lauded prime minister narendramodi over the central governments success in evacuating about 1,800 indians from strife-torn yemen and said that india is emerging as a key power on the world map under his leadership.
;;-0.6597;;(express archive)with dalit protesters pushing the bjp on the back foot in gujarat and uttar pradesh, prime minister narendramodi on friday asked the youth to shun nepotism and poison of casteism.
;;-0.5632;;the state government had not granted its nod for the same at that time,but later gave the permission for prosecution of bhatt and others after he filed an affidavit in supreme court against the role of gujarat chief minister narendramodi in 2002 riots.
;;-0.5216;;b'congress vice president rahul gandhi congress vice president rahul gandhirahul gandhi tonight reacted sharply over the imposition of presidents rule in uttarakhand, telling prime minister narendramodi bluntly that dont let your love of power overrule peoples mandate.
;;0.4404;;he thanked prime minister narendramodi for sanctioning 69 national highways for the state.
;;-0.3818;;(jaipal singh)union minister anand sharma launched an attack on bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi on saturday.
;;0.0258;;chief minister narendramodi will take the sadbhavana mission forward on sunday with a day-long fast at lord krishnas dwelling place,dwarka in jamnagar district.
;;-0.25;;advertisingassam minister himanta biswa sarma thanked prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah for the prompt release of the funds even as the death toll mounted to 17 and floodwaters submerged 30 of the 33 districts, pti reported.
;;0.7845;;prime minister narendramodi had on monday spoken to chief minister sonowal to take stock of the flood situation, including the condition of the knp, and assured all possible help and support.
;;-0.5859;;zakia had filed an application before the court seeking time before filing the protest application against the report that gave clean chit to all the accused including gujarat chief minister narendramodi for their alleged role in 2002 godhra riots as claimed by her.
;;0.0;;government spokesperson and ministers jay narayan vyas and saurabh patel told reporters that the decision was taken by chief minister narendramodi and the state cabinet.
;;0.4215;;the invitation list includes the likes of prime minister narendramodi , fellow rio olympics medallist pv sindhu and cricketing legend sachin tendulkar.
;;0.0;;the concern is understandable as prime minister narendramodi is expected to seek re-election from varanasi constituency, which includes the bhu campus, home to a large youth population.
;;0.5574;;in gujarat, narendramodi was a hindu poster-boy; then he became hero of the gujarati middle class.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at an election campaign rally at barabanki district on thursday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi at an election campaign rally at barabanki district on thursday.
;;0.2023;;yesterday, we asked voters how do they perceive narendramodi modis important work.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah at the bjp central election committee meeting in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by prem nath pandey) prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah at the bjp central election committee meeting in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;after all, while narendramodi is 68, on the opposition bandwagon are rahul gandhi who is 47, tejashwi yadav, 28, jayant chaudhary, 39, akhilesh yadav, 46, k t rama rao (kcrs son), 41, and nara lokesh (chandrababu naidus son), 35.
;;-0.0754;;bjp prime minster candidate narendramodi modipresently portraying the role of bjp prime minster candidate narendramodi on television, his clone manish kumar jangra feels that it is extremely difficult to copy a personality like modi.
;;-0.0772;;(express photo by prashant ravi)rashtriya janata dal chief lalu prasad yadav on sunday attacked prime minister narendramodi for misusing his power as pm to campaign for the bharatiya janata party.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during the partys parliamentary board meeting in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi during the partys parliamentary board meeting in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.4927;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi has been named among the probable contenders for time magazines annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world.
;;0.0;;(source: narendramodi /twitter)prime minister narendramodi will be addressing the nation on sunday through his monthly radio programme, mann ki baat.
;;-0.4767;;as first reported by the indian express, in a letter to prime minister narendramodi in october last year, chief election commissioner nasim zaidi had said: im writing to draw your kind attention to the crisis that may occur during the next general elections to lok sabha in 2019, if required numbers of replacement electronic voting machines (evms) and new voter verified paper audit trail (vvpat) are not produced in time by bharat electronics limited (bel) and electronics corporation of india limited (ecil), the two defence psus.
;;0.1531;;the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , wednesday approved grant of compensation of rs 5 lakh to civilian victims of cross-border firing along the indo-pak border and mine or ied blasts.
;;-0.4939;;we had been demanding compensation for such victims before our government was formed, and pm narendramodi has responded to the sensitivities of people residing in border areas.
;;-0.2732;;b'a call to the national investigation agencys (nias) control room saturday, claiming bombs have been planted in the residence of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister arvind kejriwal, turned out to be a hoax.
;;-0.9231;;uddhav attacks pm over note ban, ganga clean-upstepping up its attack on the bjp on corruption allegations, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray hit out at prime minister narendramodi , asking whether the ganga clean-up scam money has gone into modis pockets.
;;0.8934;;(source: twitter/@narendramodi)describing the indo-pacific as a natural region, prime minister narendramodi has said that indias armed forces, especially the navy, are building and expanding partnerships in the strategically vital region for peace and security as well as humanitarian assistance.
;;-0.6249;;a day after the ministry of home affairs expressed deep concern over the political violence in west bengal, governor kesari nath tripathi on monday met prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah in delhi and apprised them of the situation.
;;-0.2263;;congress vice president rahul gandhi (pti photo) congress vice president rahul gandhi (pti photo)stepping up his attack on prime minister narendramodi , congress vice president rahul gandhi today said he had lowered the dignity of his office by his raincoat jibe against manmohan singh in parliament.
;;0.2263;;b'in the past few months, the bjp under prime minister narendramodi has left no stone unturned in its efforts to woo dalit voters.
;;0.2263;;(illustrations: c r sasikumar) in the past few months, the bjp under prime minister narendramodi has left no stone unturned in its efforts to woo dalit voters.
;;0.2263;;in the past few months, the bjp under prime minister narendramodi has left no stone unturned in its efforts to woo dalit voters.
;;0.0;;advertisingearlier in the day, prime minister narendramodi said he will visit odisha on monday to review the situation in the state.
;;0.91;;read | unsung heroes: odisha cops win hearts for rescuing people against all odds in wake of cyclone fanipm modi, amit shahs rallies in bengal re-scheduledon friday, bjp national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya had said the party has re-scheduled prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shahs rallies in west bengal in view of cyclone fani.
;;0.0;;vijayvargiya said, we have rescheduled prime minister narendramodi modis rallies that were slated on may 5 at tamluk and jhargram.
;;0.0;;different strokeswhenever prime minister narendramodi makes a major speech, he gets instant feedback since his staff and aides carry out a survey to find out how it has been received.
;;0.2732;;a day after the mumbai court issued a non-bailable warrant against kingfisher airlines owner vijay mallya for 1,000 crore service tax evasion, the congress on sunday asked prime minister narendramodi to intervene into the matter and convince other countries to confiscate the properties of such defaulters.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi also took to twitter and shared his condolences.
;;0.0;;follow narendramodi in bagpath highlightspm narendramodi with uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath at the inauguration of the eastern peripheral expressway (express photo by prem nath pandey) pm narendramodi with uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath at the inauguration of the eastern peripheral expressway (express photo by prem nath pandey)earlier on sunday morning, the prime minister opened the first stretch of the 14-lane delhi-meerut expressway.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi modis appeal this week in latur to all first-time voters to dedicate their votes to the brave soldiers who carried out the balakot air strike and to the braves martyred in the pulwama terror attack is a violation of the election commissions instructions prohibiting the use of armed forces for political gains, the osmanabad district election officer (deo) is learnt to have said in his report submitted to the maharashtra chief electoral officer (ceo).
;;-0.91;;punjab cm writes to ecpunjab chief minister capt amarinder singh wednesday wrote to the ec seeking action against prime minister narendramodi for violating the model code of conduct by invoking the balakot air strikes and the pulwama terror attack during a speech in maharashtra.
;;-0.2732;;separately, bihars ruling jd (u) leader shyam rajak sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention on indira gandhi national open universitys move to cut bed seats in the state from 1,300 to 25.
;;0.5859;;advertisingbsp chief mayawati friday alleged that outsiders are being used to lure and threaten voters in varanasi to ensure a win for prime minister narendramodi and asked why the ec was not focusing on the constituency.
;;0.4404;;in a tweet, mayawati charged, in a bid to ensure that prime minister narendramodi wins from varanasi, outsiders are being used to lure and threaten voters.
;;0.0;;along the lines of prime minister narendramodi modis chai pe charcha, the library has planned to start discussions every second and fourth saturday.
;;0.6124;;(source: ani photos)balochistan activist naila baloch has thanked prime minister narendramodi for his remark that pakistan will have to answer to the world about the atrocities being committed on people in balochistan and pakistan-occupied kashmir (pok).
;;-0.0516;;naila baloch told ani that the people of balochistan are suffering and they hope prime minister narendramodi will raise this issue in un session in september.
;;0.4588;;#watch: baloch leaders welcome pm narendramodi modis statement on pok and balochistan.
;;-0.5106;;advertisingthe poll watchdog also hauled up the civil aviation secretary for air indias failure to respond to its showcause notice for using boarding passes with prime minister narendramodi modis photo on them.
;;0.0;;last week, the election commission sent notices to the ministry of railways and the ministry of civil aviation over using prime minister narendramodi modis photographs on railway tickets and air india boarding passes even after the model code of conduct came into effect on march 10.
;;0.836;;kiran bedi said as prime minister narendramodi had called upon the officers to take decisions in the interest of the nation, the officers here should take every decision in the interest of puducherry and asserted that communication was the key to invigorate their team.
;;0.6486;;(file/pti photo)centre is taking steps to ensure that demographic dividend of people with special needs is adequately tapped in for nation building, prime minister narendramodi said sunday.
;;0.6486;;(file photo)madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan today congratuled prime minister narendramodi on the third anniversary of his government and said that under his leadership, the evolution of india as a brand has witnessed a huge jump overall, thus helping it to break into the top echelons of the global order.
;;-0.2023;;vadnagar railway station in north gujarat, where prime minister narendramodi used to sell tea at his fathers stall as a boy, is expected to get a makeover by this year.
;;0.4215;;chief minister narendramodi on sunday claimed that 20-25 per cent voters from the minority community had voted for him in the assembly polls and asked the party cadre to reach out to all sections,including muslims,ahead of the lok sabha elections.
;;-0.4019;;hitting back at the congress for its criticism of prime minister narendramodi over the pulwama attack, the bjp accused the opposition party of showing its true colours after maintaining the facade of standing with the government and the armed forces for five days.
;;0.0;;on september 8, prime minister narendramodi is going to address a mega rally in rohtak, where khattar will conclude the yatra.
;;-0.2732;;sajad lone: close bjp ally, he once referred to prime minister narendramodi as his elder brother.
;;0.8591;;just days after the end of the rio olympics, where india won just two medals, prime minister narendramodi had announced the setting up of a task force which will help plan for the effective participation of indian sportspersons in the next three olympics  in 2020, 2024 and 2028.
;;0.4019;;b'arun jaitley, rajnath singh, prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah and l k advani at the bjp parliamentary party meeting.
;;0.4019;;(source: express photo by renuka puri) arun jaitley, rajnath singh, prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah and l k advani at the bjp parliamentary party meeting.
;;0.5859;;at the parliamentary party meeting attended by prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, the mps were asked to closely monitor the projects and ensure that the poor get benefits from them.
;;0.0;;whether prime minister narendramodi will travel to pakistan to attend the saarc summit later this year will be a policy decision a call on which will be taken at the right time, government sources said tonight.
;;0.0;;the development comes a day after india decided that prime minister narendramodi modis flight for the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit will not fly over pakistani airspace.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newshe was responding to a question on a recent telephonic conversation between prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump.
;;0.7579;;watch video- indias nsg bid: modi proposes, many oppose itmeanwhile, prime minister narendramodi will today meet chinese president xi jinping in tashkent in an attempt to win beijings support for indias membership to the nsg.
;;0.7269;;(source: bcci/twitter)on the occasion of gandhi jayanti and second anniversary of swach bharat abhiyan, india test captain virat kohli and bcci president anurag thakur extend their support in prime minister narendramodi modis cleanliness drive towards clean india, as the duo swept the stands at the eden garden during the 2nd test of india against new zealand.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi launched the swachh bharat abhiyan or clean india campaign on this day in 2014.
;;0.0;;indian prime minister narendramodi , right, shakes hands with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan as indian president pranab mukherjee, left, watches them during the ceremonial reception of erdogan at the indian presidential palace in new delhi, india, monday, may 1, 2017.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/manish swarup) indian prime minister narendramodi , right, shakes hands with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan as indian president pranab mukherjee, left, watches them during the ceremonial reception of erdogan at the indian presidential palace in new delhi, india, monday, may 1, 2017.
;;0.3182;;(ap photo/manish swarup)stating that his government is in the process of building a new india, prime minister narendramodi , addressing a india-turkey business summit on monday, called for an increase in trade between the two countries and also invited turkish businesses to make sizeable investments in the country.
;;0.0772;;after aap chief arvind kejriwals jibes at the bjp for not listening even to their own leader prime minister narendramodi and failing to construct public toilets as part of the swachh bharat abhiyan, the party is set to propose construction of adequate toilet complexes across the capital in residential and commercial areas in the partys manifesto for the municipal polls.
;;-0.4404;;(file)the congress on friday asked if prime minister narendramodi and his cabinet had accepted that they have failed to confront china on the doklam standoff last year, and whether the government planned on discussing the same during prime minister modis meeting with chinese president xi jinping friday.
;;-0.7579;;prime minister narendramodi with cabinet ministers (file photo: prem nath pandey/file) prime minister narendramodi with cabinet ministers (file photo: prem nath pandey/file)the cabinet on wednesday approved the national policy on biofuels which allows doping of ethanol produced from damaged foodgrains, rotten potatoes, corn and sugar beet with petrol to cut oil imports by rs 4,000 crore this year alone.
;;0.4215;;a meeting of the union cabinet, headed by prime minister narendramodi , approved the new policy which categorises biofuels as first generation (1g), which produce bio-ethanol from molasses and bio-diesel from non-edible oilseeds.
;;0.3818;;i am filing a case in the high court for getting narendramodi modis attendance and ensure his presence in parliament.
;;-0.2382;;in another tweet, he said, despite appeal by the entire opposition, narendramodi does not come to parliament, modi ji and lg only create hurdles in various schemes of delhi government but kapil mishra does not utter a word, is mishras protest sponsored?
;;-0.4019;;on his first visit to gujarat after chief minister narendramodi was named the bjps prime ministerial candidate,rahul said the bjp rose in gujarat riding on the problems within congress.
;;0.0;;the order  released in prime minister narendramodi modis lok sabha constituency  said several groups were forwarding inauthentic information to others without cross-checking the facts.
;;0.0;;he will meet his counterpart president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi in new delhi.
;;-0.0516;;while laying the foundation stone of bharuch bus-port on tuesday, prime minister narendramodi said only the people of this city, who underwent a lot of trouble, will understand the importance of the bridge.
;;-0.0516;;(source: pti) while laying the foundation stone of bharuch bus-port on tuesday, prime minister narendramodi said only the people of this city, who underwent a lot of trouble, will understand the importance of the bridge.
;;-0.0516;;(source: pti)while laying the foundation stone of bharuch bus-port on tuesday, prime minister narendramodi said only the people of this city, who underwent a lot of trouble, will understand the importance of the bridge.
;;0.0;;(source: pmo/twitter)prime minister narendramodi on sunday wished all soldiers, veterans and their families on the occasion of army day.
;;0.0;;as chief minister narendramodi distributed 4,700 land-ownership titles under the forest rights act (fra) at the garib kalyan mela in chhota udepur on monday,top state officials said a government resolution to similarly allot forest land to communities in non-scheduled areas (non-tribal areas) would be issued soon.
;;0.8442;;chief minister narendramodi on sunday inaugurated the centre of excellence for entrepreneurship and technology or icreate to create an ecosystem that encourages young entrepreneurs.
;;0.0;;b'inaugurating lakulish yoga university,believed to be the first such university in the country,chief minister narendramodi on thursday advocated yogas inclusion in the foreign policy.
;;-0.296;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modias prime minister narendramodi enters the last year of his tenure and prepares for the 2019 elections, there are no signs of a slowdown on the external front.
;;0.0258;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday commended the national disaster response force (ndrf) for its efforts in disaster response, rescue and relief.
;;0.0;;st. petersburg,: prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with russian president vladimir putin, at the 18th india russia annual summit, at konstantin palace, in st. petersburg, russia on thursday.
;;0.0;;pti photo/pib(pti6_1_2017_000238b) st. petersburg,: prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with russian president vladimir putin, at the 18th india russia annual summit, at konstantin palace, in st. petersburg, russia on thursday.
;;0.5106;;since coming to power after scripting a sensational election victory in 2015 winning 67 out of 70 assembly seats, kejriwal has been having a rocky relationship with the centre on a variety of issues with the chief minister often accusing prime minister narendramodi of trying to stall governance in delhi for political gains.
;;-0.4404;;advertisingthe indian express had reported that lavasa had, on five occasions, opposed clean chits given to prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah on charges of violating the mcc during their campaign for the lok sabha polls.
;;0.2732;;(pti/file photo)jharkhand chief minister raghubar das is likely to start a radio address on the lines of prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat  an idea which is expected to be emulated by other states as well.
;;-0.4019;;it was around 3 pm and some 30 students, all set to listen what prime minister narendramodi had to say on teachers day, had another trouble at their school  already standing on plastic sheet and bamboo sticks  in field ganj of ludhiana.
;;-0.3612;;1chief minister arvind kejriwal on tuesday wrote to prime minister narendramodi requesting him to direct the railways to provide rakes for transporting coal to power plants in delhi-ncr, which are facing alarming level of coal shortage.
;;0.0;;german chancellor angela merkel shakes hands with indian prime minister narendramodi following a news conference at the chancellery in berlin, germany, may 30, 2017.
;;0.0;;reuters/hannibal hanschke german chancellor angela merkel shakes hands with indian prime minister narendramodi following a news conference at the chancellery in berlin, germany, may 30, 2017.
;;0.7003;;in recent times, india has attracted about 74 german companies which have business plans worth investment of usd 1 billion, gurjit singh told pti as prime minister narendramodi held talks with german chancellor angela merkel and signed eight agreements.
;;-0.4102;;the shiv sena has struck a belligerent posture against prime minister narendramodi with party chief uddhav thackeray claiming he is not keen on sharing the public dais with the present pm.
;;0.0;;the sena, over the past few days, has been targeting prime minister narendramodi in particular.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi with german chancellor angela merkel in meseberg, germany, on monday.
;;0.0;;reuters pm narendramodi with german chancellor angela merkel in meseberg, germany, on monday.
;;0.25;;reutersgerman chancellor angela merkel is expected to discuss her vision for expanding the countrys strategic partnership with india during a one-on-one meeting with prime minister narendramodi late monday evening, when the two leaders meet at the baroque castle of meseberg, 65 km north of the capital.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi also condemned the incident.
;;-0.8481;;(claudio brescian/tt news agency via ap)9:03 pm: prime minister narendramodi tonight condemned the attack in stockholm and said india stands firmly with the people of sweden in this hour of grief.
;;0.0;;chanasma used to be part of prime minister narendramodi modis home district mehsana, but now falls under patan.
;;0.0;;the municipal corporation will telecast live prime minister narendramodi modis speech at a conference in pune on the governments scheme  atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut).
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi specifically asked concerned officials to systematize the measures being taken by them to address grievances of students.
;;-0.3612;;file photo/agencies prime minister narendramodi specifically asked concerned officials to systematize the measures being taken by them to address grievances of students.
;;0.0;;file photo/agenciesprime minister narendramodi on wednesday chaired his fourteenth interaction through pragati  the ict-based, multi-modal platform for pro-active governance and timely implementation.
;;-0.3182;;condoling the loss of lives in floods in uttarakhand, uttar pradesh, bihar and assam, prime minister narendramodi on saturday sanctioned rs two lakh for the next of kin of each of the deceased.
;;-0.3182;;the prime minister shri narendramodi has condoled the loss of life in the floods in the states of uttarakhand, uttar pradesh, bihar and assam, the statement said.
;;-0.0258;;senior congress leader digvijaya singh on tuesday differed with party leader p chidambarams assertion that the centre would not have ended jammu and kashmirs special status had it been a hindu-dominated state, but accused prime minister narendramodi of jettisoning former pm atal bihari vajpayees doctrine of kashmiriyat, insaniyat and jamhooriyat.
;;0.7506;;b'pm narendramodi pm narendramodi modiafter receiving accolades from prime minister narendramodi for the initiative of inviting infant girls to republic day celebrations and giving front row seats to their parents, the haryana education department has mooted another proposal to make girls feel special.
;;0.0;;, the community event to be addressed by prime minister narendramodi here next month has been sold out with over 50,000 people registering for the programme, the organisers said.
;;0.0258;;meanwhile, continuing his attack on prime minister narendramodi , he said statements made by the pm had made india a laughing stock in the global community.
;;0.0;;leader of opposition shaktisinh gohil has written a letter to chief minister narendramodi opposing the move of holding only one-day session,that too without the starred question hour.
;;-0.4939;;panneerselvam also urged prime minister narendramodi to depute a central team to study the extensive damage caused to agriculture crops and to take stock of the drinking water scarcity in the state.
;;-0.4215;;but after the police could not record the statement of the government officials,bunis son hanif filed an online petition to chief minister narendramodi through swagat,the cms online complaint forum,to intervene in the case.
;;0.7506;;ambedkar was a social reformer in the true sense and prime minister narendramodi has tried to take decisive steps to actualise his dreams.
;;-0.7405;;prime minister narendramodi also condemned the naxal attack terming it cowardly and deplorable, saying the sacrifice of the slain jawans would not go in vain.
;;0.3612;;when asked about indias ties with china following the doklam standoff, the defence minister referred to prime minister narendramodi modis recent visit to wuhan as well as her meeting with chinese officials and said, things are on track.
;;-0.296;;delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal (pti file photo) delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal (pti file photo)delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal on friday accused the bjp of trying to cover up its corruption in the three municipal corporations by projecting the name of prime minister narendramodi ahead of the civic polls, and asserted the strategy would not work.
;;0.3612;;the hope of the bjp is only narendramodi through which the party wants to cover up its corruption and the poor sanitation condition.
;;0.0;;work in the mcd will not be undertaken by narendramodi , but local bjp leaders vijendra gupta and others, kejriwal told pti in an interview.
;;0.1027;;amidst raging controversy about the end of netaji subhash chandra bose, his daughter anita bose pfaff on thursday urged prime minister narendramodi to ensure dna tests are done on the ashes kept at renkoji temple in japan to bring out the truth and alleged that certain people in the previous governments had neglected the matter as they never wanted the mystery to be solved.
;;0.0;;in 2016, the narendramodi government released 100 files regarding netaji.
;;-0.2023;;(express photo by vishal srivastav)known for making controversial remarks, senior uttar pradesh minister mohd azam khan saturday plumbed new depths when he alleged that prime minister narendramodi had met underworld don dawood ibrahim in lahore at the residence of pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;0.0;;he added that if necessary, he will also meet prime minister narendramodi on the issue.
;;0.2732;;the first workshop the partys pm candidate narendramodi took was on social medias significance.
;;0.0;;last year there had been talk of prime minister narendramodi flagging off the train.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi will be undertaking a trip to the maldives and sri lanka on saturday and sunday respectively as part of his first overseas visit after his re-election for the second term.
;;0.0;;this is feasible, provided prime minister narendramodi takes a lead and presses for it, bringing uniformity in agri-marketing rules and infrastructure in at least the 22 states where the nda holds office today.
;;0.765;;b'indias prime minister narendramodi (r) reviews the guard of honour with his vietnamese counterpart nguyen xuan phuc during a welcoming ceremony at the presidential palace in hanoi, vietnam.
;;0.765;;(source: reuters photo) indias prime minister narendramodi (r) reviews the guard of honour with his vietnamese counterpart nguyen xuan phuc during a welcoming ceremony at the presidential palace in hanoi, vietnam.
;;0.2732;;(source: reuters photo)prime minister narendramodi signed 12 agreements with vietnam on saturday after meeting his vietnamese counterpart nguyen xuan phuc, reported news agency ani.
;;0.5106;;we are hopeful that either prime minister narendramodi or union home minister amit shah will address the rally.
;;-0.4767;;advertisingrajpal singh (34), a farmer from dairika village in uttarkashi district, had on july 13 posted a letter addressed to prime minister narendramodi on facebook, in which he allegedly used objectionable language against rawat, and said he was incompetent in implementing schemes.
;;0.0;;shah also said prime minister narendramodi in his foreign policy has emphasised on trade along with culture.
;;0.0;;k c joseph (cong) who moved the calling attention said the state should take up the sensitive issue before prime minister narendramodi before issuing the final notification by the centre.
;;-0.4939;;rawats assertion came after prime minister narendramodi and he paid last respects here to three of the four soldiers, including a major, who were killed in two separate encounters in kashmir yesterday.
;;-0.0772;;in october last year, mayawati had criticised prime minister narendramodi over his stance on the issue, saying such matters should be left to the muslim community and not be raked up, specially on election eve, for political gains.
;;0.5106;;(illustration: mithun chakraborty)four years of the nda government led by prime minister narendramodi have transformed india from a country of despair to hope, policy paralysis to purposeful policy activism and widespread corruption to clean government.
;;0.4019;;he echoed prime minister narendramodi modis suggestion that people, especially the youth, must visit at least 15 tourist destinations within india by 2022 to give boost to domestic tourism.
;;0.6808;;file photoformer jammu and kashmir chief minister omar abdullah on sunday said it was good that prime minister narendramodi once again brought up the issue of kashmir during his mann ki baat address, continuing from where he left off during a meeting with opposition parties last week.
;;-0.7506;;the delegation also met prime minister narendramodi and a memorandum was submitted demanding the immediate ban on the use of pellet guns against protesters.
;;0.2263;;manila: prime minister narendramodi interacts with children during a visit to the mahaveer philippine foundation in 2017, a philanthropist organisation in the philippines that provides free indian-made prosthesis jaipur foot to needy amputees, in manila, philippines on monday.
;;0.2263;;pti photo / pib manila: prime minister narendramodi interacts with children during a visit to the mahaveer philippine foundation in 2017, a philanthropist organisation in the philippines that provides free indian-made prosthesis jaipur foot to needy amputees, in manila, philippines on monday.
;;-0.4215;;women farmers of junagadh protesting a bypass road project wrote 101 letters with their blood to chief minister narendramodi in vadhavi village near junagadh,seeking his intervention in the matter,on sunday.
;;0.4019;;file photo: congress communication department head, randeep surjewala (source: express archive/file) file photo: congress communication department head, randeep surjewala (source: express archive/file)hours after prime minister narendramodi expanded his cabinet, the congress party called it a vote garnering exercise with an eye on poll-bound states.
;;0.5574;;in september 2017, prime minister narendramodi had launched the ambitious scheme pradhan mantri sahaj bijli har ghar yojana saubhagya to provide electricity connections to families in rural and urban areas.
;;0.0;;advertisingin an apparent reference to prime minister narendramodi modis mega community event howdy, modi!
;;-0.8674;;the stage is all set for the mega howdy modi event where prime minister narendramodi will address over 50,000 indian-americans, but the torrential rains triggered by a tropical storm have wreaked havoc in houston, prompting the governor to declare a state of emergency in several parts of the state of texas.
;;-0.4215;;days after prime minister narendramodi featured on the survival tv show man vs wild, host bear grylls claimed the episode broke the record to become the worlds most trending televised event.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and a host of national and international leaders are scheduled to attend the event starting today.
;;0.0;;india had come up with a list of nearly 60 names to be extradited from britain during bilateral talks between prime minister narendramodi and his counterpart theresa may last november.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi could do a vajpayee here, directly engaging with the iranian top leadership as he has done with the japanese for the mumbai-ahmedabad bullet train project.
;;0.743;;after all, ever since narendramodi became its supreme leader, the party has run spectacularly centralised campaigns in the states.
;;-0.1531;;b'pm modi also chose the occasion to pay obeisance to hindu mahasabha leader veer sarvarkar on his birth anniversary pm modi also chose the occasion to pay obeisance to hindu mahasabha leader veer sarvarkar on his birth anniversarywith his government completing three years in office, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said he welcomed the critical feedback and in-depth analysis of its work, tested on every touchstone, and said constructive criticism strengthens a democracy.
;;0.0;;we have opposed gst, since under prime minister narendramodi , everything is sought to be centralised.
;;0.0;;tb treatment and control took a major leap in india with prime minister narendramodi announcing in 2018 that the infectious disease will be controlled by 2025.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is answerable to the people of the country.
;;0.0;;it was reported that siddiqui had carried an interview of gujarat chief minister narendramodi in a magazine owned by him which led to his ouster in july 2012.
;;-0.4767;;mr swamy has been given the platform to make his attack by none other than mr narendramodi and amit shah who have sent him as a nominated member to the rajya sabha, jd (u) leader pavan varma told ani.
;;0.5664;;swamy had yesterday said that he is not bothered about jaitleys comments on chief economic advisor subramanian and adding that he will talk to party president amit shah and prime minister narendramodi on the issues if and when required.
;;0.5574;;riding a wave that swept aside a formidable opposition alliance in uttar pradesh and breached a fortress in west bengal, the bharatiya janata party, under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , returned to power thursday for a second straight term with a record tally expected to cross 300 seats.
;;0.0;;aggarwal has appeared for politicians from all partiesfrom gujarat chief minister narendramodi to former haryana chief minister om prakash chautala and from former punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh to punjab speaker nirmal singh kahlon.
;;0.4019;;chief minister narendramodi today told surtis that it was his art of conversation that convinced the chinese government to release the gujarati diamond traders held for smuggling,something that the centre had been working on since their arrest two years ago.
;;0.0258;;swamy, who had last month written twice to prime minister narendramodi seeking ouster of rajan for keeping interest rate high, took to twitter to criticise the governor.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modias the bjp-led nda government completes three years in power, prime minister narendramodi on friday laid foundation stone for indian agricultural research institute in assams gogamukh.
;;0.296;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on saturday called for promotion of sports in the country, saying that this can go a long way in helping national integration.
;;0.8516;;nita ambani, founder and chairperson, reliance foundations said, we are extremely honoured to have our honourable prime minister shri narendramodi to inaugurate and support the reliance foundation youth sports.
;;-0.6486;;mere days into electioneering, in a speech in wardha, maharashtra, on monday, prime minister narendramodi brought the acquittals of the accused in the samjhauta blasts case into his attack on the congress.
;;-0.2023;;soon there may be a woman convenor from the minority morcha to lead the debate on sensitive issues like post-godhra riots and status of minorities in gujarat on behalf of chief minister narendramodi in the public domain.
;;0.7037;;tweet dreamsshilpi tewari, an ardent twitter follower of narendramodi , could hardly believe her luck.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi addressing during three years long centenary celebration of sri gaudiya math and mission in kolkata on sunday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi addressing during three years long centenary celebration of sri gaudiya math and mission in kolkata on sunday.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi will be one of the keynote speakers at the wharton india economic forum (wief) to be held at the penn museum in philadelphia,announced its official website.
;;0.7506;;the two leaders of the garo hills region put in their papers in less than a week after they announced on social media that they would celebrate prime minister narendramodi modis three years in office by organising a bitchi-beef party.
;;0.5277;;akhtar said that despite harsh resistance, the pdp had brought prime minister narendramodi to the same venue in srinagar in 2015 where atal bihari vajpayee had addressed people in 2003 and created ripples across the sub-continent.
;;0.8316;;pakistan peoples party (ppp) chairman bilawal bhutto zardari has said his party is committed to support the cause of kashmiris and thus has a clear stance against indian prime minister narendramodi and the banned tehreek-i-taliban pakistan (ttp).
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with parkash singh badal, manohar lal khattar and kiron kher in chandigarh.
;;0.4215;;a meeting of the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , approved the home ministrys proposal at new delhi on wednesday, an official said.
;;0.1779;;bharish rawat harish rawatthe political crisis in uttarakhand escalated dramatically two days before mondays scheduled test of strength in the assembly, after rebel congress mlas released a sting video purportedly showing chief minister harish rawat indulging in horse-trading to save his government, and prime minister narendramodi called a late-night meeting of the union cabinet to discuss the political situation in the state.
;;-0.802;;read: prime minister narendramodi calls emergency cabinet meeting to discuss uttarakhand crisisand in dehradun, the state congress chief said speaker govind singh kunjwal had decided to disqualify the nine congress mlas whose rebellion and joining hands with the bjp earlier this month had triggered the crisis.
;;-0.9881;;share this article related article uttarakhand hc quashes president's rule: laddoos in cong, wilted garlands in bjputtarakhand hc quashes president's rule: laddoos in cong, wilted garlands in bjp uttarakhand crisis: from a congress rebellion to a high court raputtarakhand crisis: from a congress rebellion to a high court rap uttarakhand in turmoil: how the harish rawat-led government lost poweruttarakhand in turmoil: how the harish rawat-led government lost power uttarakhand crisis: delhi imposes its rule on dehradunuttarakhand crisis: delhi imposes its rule on dehradun prime minister narendramodi calls emergency cabinet meeting to discuss uttarakhand crisisprime minister narendramodi calls emergency cabinet meeting to discuss uttarakhand crisis 2 days before floor test, 'sting' video further muddies uttarakhand watersthe meeting at the prime ministers residence began at 9.
;;0.8689;;however, soni said, she was confident the president will go into everything and find out every aspect and look at the greater impact of such actions whether it is narendramodi or amit shah or their lackeys what they do i am sure, i am confident, the president will pay full attention to that.
;;-0.4019;;(representational image)pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and his indian counterpart narendramodi could meet on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana in june notwithstanding bilateral tensions, according to a media report at islamabad.
;;-0.4588;;chief minister arvind kejriwal had lashed out at prime minister narendramodi over the issue, asking him if he was not allowing the assembly to function because he was not able to digest the defeat?
;;0.7506;;the holiday stigma briefly returned once again, in 2016, when prime minister narendramodi mocked pappu for enjoying holidays abroad after every election campaign.
;;-0.5859;;twitter.com/egc7kghgbm  pragya kaushika (@pragyakaushika) july 5, 2016a skillful and media savvy politician, goel may be used, a section in the party believes, to counter aap leader and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, whose consistent attacks on prime minister narendramodi often force the top bjp brass into damage control mode with the state leadership being seen as largely ineffectual.
;;0.4588;;a high-level meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi is learnt to have suggested to the indian railways to not rush through unilaterally with its grand drive of 100 per cent electrification of the countrys railway network.
;;0.4939;;in fact, there was speculation that the former railway minister may be planning to switch political sides since he is friendly with both prime minister narendramodi and congress vice-president rahul gandhi.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi also conveyed wishes to the people of telangana on their statehood day.
;;-0.8126;;tashi tobgyalagainst the backdrop of the row over the jnu sedition case and the death of a dalit student in hyderabad university, prime minister narendramodi on monday said if one has to succeed in life, if one has to keep pace with the changing times, then the first condition is not to let the student within wilt, never let the student within die.
;;-0.5106;;javadekar said that the congress appeared to be in panic after an interview given by prime minister narendramodi and was making baseless allegations.
;;0.3182;;with the state facing a drought, chief minister naveen patnaik had in november last year written to prime minister narendramodi requesting him to increase the mgnrega wages to rs 200, which was the minimum wage in the state for unskilled labourers.
;;0.0;;stating that punjab was being used as transit route by drug peddlers, deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal today said he will raise the issue of cross border narco-terrorism with prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh.
;;0.4939;;he praised prime minister narendramodi for the will power he showed in taking steps like surgical strikes and demonetisation.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, maldives is the only country in the neighbourhood, which has not been visited by prime minister narendramodi so far.
;;0.0;;patel said the centre took three years to give mahatma gandhis birthplace porbandar a jnnurm status despite several personal requests made by chief minister narendramodi to the prime minister.
;;0.0;;sanjeev balyan sanjeev balyanthe cpm thursday targeted prime minster narendramodi over the dadri lynching and asked why sanjeev balyan has not been sacked from union cabinet despite his provocative statements.
;;0.8555;;bhatia, who was additional advocate general of the uttar pradesh government during the sp rule and one of the prominent faces of the party in television debates, said that prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah inspired him to join the bjp.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters)days before the national rail and transport university (nrtu) is set to commence classes for its first batch from august 1 this year, the ministry of railways is already vying to put the countrys first rail university on the list of elite institutions, in line with prime minister narendramodi modis plan to develop it as an institution of eminence.
;;0.0;;b'nitish kumar with narendramodi on saturday.
;;0.0;;pti nitish kumar with narendramodi on saturday.
;;0.765;;ptia day after he gave a miss to the meeting of the top leaders of 17 opposition parties, bihar chief minister nitish kumar attended a lunch hosted by prime minister narendramodi in honour of the visiting mauritius prime minister pravind jugnauth saturday.
;;-0.4939;;a metropolitan court here on monday rejected zakia jafris plea seeking permission to allow activist teesta setalvad to examine on her behalf the original closure report filed by sit that probed her complaint alleging chief minister narendramodi and 62 others played a role in the post-godhra riots.
;;0.0;;the appointments committee of cabinet headed by prime minister narendramodi had on monday extended services of the foreign secretary for one year, i.
;;0.4019;;lauding the centre for scrapping special status to j&k by modifying article 370, former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan sunday equated the duo of prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah with lord krishna and arjun, pti reported.
;;0.0;;the country is going ahead under the leadership of pm narendramodi and amit shah.
;;0.0;;superstar rajnikanth too had likened the duo of prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah to krishna and arjuna while lauding the centres j&k move.
;;-0.6597;;(source: pib/twitter)prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday that pakistans generals were scared to come on the phone when india wanted to inform them about the surgical strikes across the line of control on september 29, 2016.
;;0.0129;;also read | narendramodi , theresa may hold talks on infusing new energy into post-brexit bilateral tieswhen he was asked about the growing impatience among the indian public, he said, impatience is not a bad thing.
;;0.8316;;breaking the ice in bilateral relations, pakistan prime minister imran khan spoke to prime minister narendramodi over phone expressing his desire to work together to ensure peace and prosperity in the region.
;;-0.296;;on thursday, indian foreign ministry said there would be no meeting between the indian prime minister narendramodi and his pakistani counterpart imran khan in bishkek next week on the sidelines of the sco summit.
;;0.34;;b'prime minister narendramodi is welcomed by bjp president amit shah during the bhoomi poojan ceremony for the start of construction work of new bjp headquarters at deendayal upadhyaya (ddu) marg, in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.34;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi is welcomed by bjp president amit shah during the bhoomi poojan ceremony for the start of construction work of new bjp headquarters at deendayal upadhyaya (ddu) marg, in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;the iconic teen murti chowk and the teen murti marg here will now be known after the israeli city haifa with the ndmc approving their renaming ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the jewish nation.
;;0.0;;indian prime minister narendramodi , left, speaks with spanish premier mariano rajoy before a meeting at the moncloa palace in madrid, spain, wednesday may 31, 2017.
;;0.0;;(source: ap photo) indian prime minister narendramodi , left, speaks with spanish premier mariano rajoy before a meeting at the moncloa palace in madrid, spain, wednesday may 31, 2017.
;;-0.4939;;(source: ap photo)india and spain should strengthen bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism as both our countries have faced the security challenge, prime minister narendramodi told spanish president mariano rajoy today.
;;-0.1027;;touring wayanad constituency, which he won in the recent lok sabha polls, congress president rahul gandhi on saturday said prime minister narendramodi represents the worst sentiments of the country.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi had also promised to build a panchadhatu statue of vidyasagar while he was in campaigning in bengal.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi distributing aid to divyang (physically challenged) children at a function.
;;0.0;;(source: pti file photo) prime minister narendramodi distributing aid to divyang (physically challenged) children at a function.
;;0.4019;;(source: pti file photo)divyangs, a term coined by prime minister narendramodi for the differently abled, are receiving special training for the mega yoga event on june 21 in chandigarh, which will see as many as 150 of them take part.
;;-0.0258;;there were no dramatic agreements that came out from prime minister narendramodi modis annual summit with the russian president, vladimir putin this week, on the margins of the annual eastern economic forum at vladivostok.
;;0.7506;;bjp workers carry a giant cut-out of prime minister narendramodi as they celebrate the partys victory in the up and uttarakhand assembly elections, at the party headquarters in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.7506;;(pti photo/file) bjp workers carry a giant cut-out of prime minister narendramodi as they celebrate the partys victory in the up and uttarakhand assembly elections, at the party headquarters in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.5574;;watch what else is making news:this has been made possible by the vision and dynamic leadership of prime minister narendramodi and able management and dedication of bjp national president amit shah, he said.
;;-0.1779;;congress chief rahul gandhi sunday rejected prime minister narendramodi modis statement that kerala was as dear to him as varanasi and alleged that the pm was meting out step-motherly treatment to states not ruled by the bjp.
;;0.3964;;the congress party is here to ensure that mr narendramodi modis politics of division doesnt succeed.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday reviewed the ongoing work on one of his pet projects  the reconstruction of the kedarpuri town which encompasses the holy kedarnath shrine.
;;0.0;;file narendramodi with theresa may.
;;-0.4767;;during the bilateral talks between prime minister narendramodi and his counterpart theresa may in november last year, india came up with a list of nearly 60 fugitives who are suspected to be hiding in britain.
;;-0.6597;;shanmuganathan came under severe criticism after a section of employees wrote to prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee demanding his immediate removal for seriously compromising the dignity of the gubernatorial office.
;;0.6124;;i, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) government and prime minister narendramodi promise that we will irrigate every land.
;;0.4939;;in india, one of the worlds fastest growing major economies and a growing contributor to pollution, a top advisor to prime minister narendramodi vouched for intentions to switch to renewable power generation independent of the paris accord.
;;0.0;;new friendshipthe cordiality between prime minister narendramodi and bihar chief minister nitish kumar when they met to discuss the bihar floods was very apparent.
;;-0.5719;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee handed over to prime minister narendramodi no less than 30 letters during their meeting in delhi on wednesday, detailing the different ways in which the state government felt shortchanged by the centres unilateral undermining of federalism, said sources.
;;-0.5984;;read | anti-sterlite protests live: cm palaniswami defends police firing, says natural course against attackrajnath also said that prime minister narendramodi is deeply anguished over the state of affairs in tamil nadu.
;;-0.2732;;b'omar abdullah (file image) omar abdullah (file image)opposition national conference leader omar abdullah on friday said it would be petty to deny the achievements of prime minister narendramodi in his three years at the helm but jammu and kashmir remains a dark blot.
;;0.0;;(file photo)respected sonia ji,your letter to prime minister narendramodi , reminding him of his brute majority in the lok sabha which could enable him and the bjp to pass the womens reservation bill pending for 21 long years, is timely and long-awaited.
;;0.5423;;pmc (file photo) pmc (file photo)for effective implementation of pradhan mantri awas yojana (pmay), a flagship programme of prime minister narendramodi , the pune municipal corporation (pmc) has sought consultation from expert agencies.
;;-0.1361;;the indian express has also learnt that appointments committee of the cabinet (acc), headed by prime minister narendramodi , has not approved the hrd ministrys choice for the top job at iim amritsar.
;;-0.2255;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi was quite argumentative as a child and often defied his teachers but showed leadership qualities from an early age and was mostly at the forefront of articulating concerns of his class mates,says a new book.
;;-0.3182;;seven muslim women who are victims of triple talaq will be participating in this march and will submit a representation for prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis, said tamboli, who has done his doctoral research on the life of hamid dalwai.
;;0.4019;;we support the stand taken by prime minister narendramodi and the central government against triple talaq.
;;0.34;;b'prime minister narendramodi as he arrives for a working dinner with heads of delegations for the nuclear security summit at the white house in washington march 31, 2016.
;;0.34;;(ap photo) prime minister narendramodi as he arrives for a working dinner with heads of delegations for the nuclear security summit at the white house in washington march 31, 2016.
;;-0.8271;;speaking about the alleged suicide of a debt-ridden farmer, shankar chayare (50), chavan said the suicide note mentioned the name of prime minister narendramodi and had held him responsible for the farmers extreme act.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) narendramodi had laid the foundation stone of the stadium in rajkot on june 19, 2006.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)the saurashtra cricket association (sca) has invited prime minister narendramodi for the first-ever cricket test match to be hosted by the ground in rajkot.
;;0.0;;the sca and its governing body have cordially invited prime minister narendramodi for the first test match, added shah.
;;-0.6597;;(pti photo)as the protests against the ban on jallikattu escalated across tamil nadu on thursday, chief minister o panneerselvam, who met prime minister narendramodi in the capital, declared that his government would take steps with the backing of the centre to hold the traditional bull-taming sport.
;;0.4019;;chennai: chief minister narendramodi will address a massive youth conference in tamil nadu next month,the party said on tuesday.
;;0.4019;;bihar bjp defends modi-for-pm resolutionpatna: the bihar bjp on tuesday sought to make light of the appeal by its central leaders for passing a resolution urging the parliamentary board to decide on narendramodi modis anointment as the prime ministerial candidate and said that the decision was taken in deference to sentiments of the party workers.
;;0.0;;handpicked by prime minister narendramodi to lead the mea, swaraj could have fretted and sulked since modi made foreign policy his priority in his first term.
;;0.5994;;(photo: pti)ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the us, the pentagon has said it is looking forward to enhancing relations with india, and that there are opportunities to further expand military co-operation between the two countries.
;;0.34;;after his bahraich rally,up police have enhanced the security arrangements for bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis agra rally scheduled thursday.
;;0.34;;agra range dig vijay singh meena said narendramodi has z+ security and the arrangements are being made as per the norms.
;;-0.7351;;the farmers have threatened to launch an agitation if no action is taken by january 25,when chief minister narendramodi will come to bhavnagar for the two-day republic day celebrations.
;;0.0;;an expansion was expected this week after the chief minister travelled to delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah on tuesday.
;;0.8402;;praising the narendramodi government, he said it has send out a positive message to people that the bjp-led regime was decisive.
;;-0.1548;;prime minister narendramodi has emerged as most popular leader of the country after countrys independence, there is no doubt in this, he told reporters during a press conference.
;;-0.4767;;he said when narendramodi became prime minister, then he had said the bjp government will be of poor, labourers and farmers.
;;0.34;;(source: pti)pm narendramodi called for a meeting of the cabinet committee on security at 10 am on wednesday morning.
;;0.0;;the meeting called by prime minister narendramodi has ended.
;;0.1441;;* in a letter to prime minister narendramodi on april 2, bjp mp from bijnors nagina constituency yashwant singh has alleged that despite assurances, dalits are yet to receive benefits of reservation, including in jobs and promotions.
;;0.2023;;(file photo)days after prime minister narendramodi raised concern over wastage of food at social gatherings, food and consumer affairs minister ram vilas paswan suggested asking top restaurants and eating joints to specify on menu the amount of food they serve per portion.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to address a university convocation in jammu before returning to the national capital.
;;0.0;;express photo by tashi tobgyal prime minister narendramodi is likely to address a university convocation in jammu before returning to the national capital.
;;0.0;;express photo by tashi tobgyalprime minister narendramodi is likely to visit jammu and kashmir for two days later this month during which he will inaugurate a hydro-electricity project and participate in the 100th birth anniversary celebrations of ladakhi spiritual leader kushak bakula and a university convocation, officials said here today.
;;-0.7269;;yesterday sharma slammed prime minister narendramodi by saying that he has no understanding of the economy and accused modi for misleading the country.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi in an interview on friday said the indian government has started bearing fruit, and there is no reason for alarm.
;;0.0;;running through prime minister narendramodi modis first independence day speech in his second term, were themes that have come to be identified with his political personality.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@pmoindia)prime minister narendramodi on thursday arrived in mozambique as part of his four-nation africa tour aimed at enhancing ties with that continent, particularly in the economic sphere and people-to-people contacts.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi arrived in maputo (mozambique) on first leg of his 4-nation tour pic.
;;0.4019;;the family has decided to take out a mashal rally in varanasi seeking support from local residents and gherao prime minister narendramodi modis office in varanasi on july 30.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newsthe action is in line with recommendations of a panel headed by headed by h r nagendra, also regarded as prime minister narendramodi modis yoga guru, that had suggested various kind of courses ranging from certificate courses to bachelors, masters and phds for yogic sciences.
;;0.0;;she also urged prime minister narendramodi to look into the incident.
;;-0.34;;pal made these allegations in a letter,running into seven pages,which he reportedly personally submitted to chief minister narendramodi on july 23,a fortnight before he was asked to resign.
;;-0.4215;;the 32 persons hail from chennai, tiruvannamalai and vellore districts in tamil nadu, she told prime minister narendramodi , adding that they were reportedly travelling to tirupati by garudadri express when they were arrested by the andhra pradesh police at renigunta railway station.
;;-0.5267;;they tried it by taking himanta (biswa sarma) and other mlas, but they could not do it, gogoi told a press conference here targeting the central government led by prime minister narendramodi who had launched a blistering attack on the congress leader during the recent poll rallies in assam.
;;0.0;;the report comes less than a week after prime minister narendramodi announced that all the villages in the country have been electrified.
;;0.2263;;(express photo by jaipal singh)calling on prime minister narendramodi to launch a campaign to free pakistan-occupied kashmir (pok), yoga guru baba ramdev has said it was about time that india took concrete steps to take back the captured and disputed land.
;;0.1531;;among the dignitaries present on the occasion were vice-president hamid ansari, prime minister narendramodi , speaker sumitra mahajan and union minister of home affairs rajnath singh.
;;0.4404;;he thanked the centre and prime minister narendramodi and the central tibetan administration for facilitating the visit.
;;-0.5423;;(file)the congress today alleged that prime minister narendramodi modis main objective is to destroy institutions as it opposed the proposed changes in the civil services allocation.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)as bjp seeks to wrest control of haryana and maharashtra from congress in october 15 assembly polls, prime minister narendramodi will lead the partys campaign in the two states from october 4.
;;-0.4404;;hitting out at the bjp for repeatedly bringing up pakistan in its campaign, congress leader jyotiraditya scindia says prime minister narendramodi and his party must stop looking outwards and gaze inwards as jobs and agrarian distress are the key issues facing the country.
;;0.7096;;referring to the swachha bharat campaign, braga praised prime minister narendramodi for his efforts towards clean drinking water and sanitation.
;;0.4767;;(express photo by renuka puri)west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee has written a letter to prime minister narendramodi urging him to consider the contribution of business houses to the chief ministers relief funds (cmrf) as money spent on corporate social responsibility (csr) activities.
;;-0.5994;;(pti photo)keeping up with his tirade against prime minister narendramodi , chief minister arvind kejriwal has termed demonetisation as the biggest scam of independent india, accusing him of benefiting the rich industrialists at the cost of poor under the pretext of patriotism.
;;0.5106;;moreover, it is the responsibility of everyone to blindly trust this assumption because our prime minister narendramodi is himself saying it.
;;-0.6486;;facing criticism over lack of job creation by his government, prime minister narendramodi earlier this month told parliament that there was no correct system of collecting job data at present and his government was trying to put one in place.
;;-0.7184;;condemning the uri terror attack as well, prime minister narendramodi assured the nation that those behind the despicable attack will not go unpunished.
;;-0.7184;;(source: file photo) condemning the uri terror attack as well, prime minister narendramodi assured the nation that those behind the despicable attack will not go unpunished.
;;-0.8957;;(source: file photo)with india-pakistan ties facing continued turbulence after the deadly terror strike in uri, jammu and kashmir, in which 17 indian soldiers were killed, prime minister narendramodi modis presence in the saarc summit in islamabad this november remains doubtful.
;;-0.7184;;meanwhile, condemning the terror attack as well, prime minister narendramodi assured the nation that those behind the despicable attack will not go unpunished.
;;-0.4782;;during the state assembly polls in november 2017, naddas name had also cropped up for the chief ministerial post but prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah did not favour his return to the state.
;;0.25;;ghosh was referring to reports that the governments move comes after chief minister mamata banerjees chance to speak at the inter-state council meeting, chaired by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi earlier this month, came at the very end.
;;0.4019;;watch what else is making newsduring the poll campaigns, prime minister narendramodi and the bjp have been highlighting the issue of transparency in political funding to parties.
;;-0.7096;;senior congress leader p chidambaram on saturday hit out at prime minister narendramodi for announcing that india had demonstrated anti-satellite missile capability, saying only a foolish government would make such a disclosure and betray a defence secret.
;;0.0;;once paswanji meets narendramodi , things will take final shape.
;;0.6249;;chief minister j jayalalithaa wrote to prime minister narendramodi to consider bringing an ordinance to allow jallikattu during the pongal harvest festival.
;;-0.4215;;in the visitors gallery, veteran isro scientist b n suresh, who was explaining some things to prime minister narendramodi , stopped and looked anxiously towards sivan.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi , who is in spain wednesday as part of a four-nation trip to europe, condemned the attack on twitter.
;;0.0;;it further pointed out that udayanraje had a different stand on prime minister narendramodi before the lok sabha polls and referred to his statement on modi  who is modi?
;;0.6597;;the ujala scheme was launched by prime minister narendramodi on january 5, 2015 with a target of replacing 77 crore inefficient bulbs with energy efficient led bulbs.
;;0.6486;;sadbhavna mission z party minority,sc/st,women cells get instruction to gather supportersthe state bjps minority cell has begun mobilising muslim faces across gujarat to ensure their presence during chief minister narendramodi modis three-day fast as part of his sadbhavna mission,beginning saturday.
;;0.0258;;(express photo/file)ahead of the press council of india (pci) meeting on wednesday, eight prominent media bodies have sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention to defer the meet of the truncated council, alleging that the pci chairman has adopted arbitrary procedure to reconstitute it.
;;-0.3182;;he said that prime minister narendramodi modis move to drop in at lahore at a function of prime minister nawaz sharifs family was intended to ease tensions.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and other cabinet ministers.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi and other cabinet ministers.
;;0.4939;;tamil nadu chief minister, o panneerselvam (file photo) tamil nadu chief minister, o panneerselvam (file photo)a delegation of aiadmk mps will meet prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on wednesday seeking permission to go ahead with jallikattu during pongal festival in tamil nadu.
;;0.0;;the lynching of 55-year-old ansari took place on june 29, 2017, a day after prime minister narendramodi publicly spoke against those taking the law into their hands in the name of gau raksha.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi modis visit will highlight the growing collaboration between india and the us and their shared leadership on the world stage, the white house said on the eve of his arrival in washington.
;;0.0;;we will submit our plea to prime minister narendramodi after getting 25,000 signatures, district rss leader lhundup chosang, who is spearheading the campaign said.
;;0.7964;;adityanath is the only party leader whose picture is placed inside the hall other than prime minister narendramodi , party president amit shah, and party veterans l k advani and atal bihari vajpayee.
;;-0.7351;;extension in absencethe deadline for slogan competition, organised by the mha for national platform for disaster risk reduction, has had to be extended, as prime minister narendramodi is not available for the inauguration on april 24-25.
;;-0.8221;;watch what else is making newscondoling his death, prime minister narendramodi tweeted: deeply saddened at the passing away of ambassador alexander kadakin.
;;0.4019;;media matterswhile prime minister narendramodi has been rather exacting about his ministers being active on social media, officials have usually been exempted.
;;0.5267;;when the prime minister narendramodi will be inaugurating the 7th edition of vibrant gujarat global investors summit (vggis) on january 11 in gandhinagar, the vishwa hindu parishad leader pravin togadia plans to hold a hindu sammelan in communally sensitive shahpur locality.
;;0.5499;;senior trs leader a p jithender reddy on thursday praised prime minister narendramodi modis three-year clean and scandal-free governance, but said the centre lacks proper flagship programmes.
;;-0.5106;;in his letter,bhatt also said he had named witnesses who could corroborate that he was present at fateful meeting that chief minister narendramodi held at his residence late night on february 27,2002,at which,as bhatt has stated in his affidavit to the sc,modi directly ordered top police officers to let the majority community members unleash violence.
;;0.0772;;his appointment is seen as giving due representation to the patidars, now angry with the bjp, and to north gujarat  both prime minister narendramodi and the outgoing chief minister anandiben patel belong to the region.
;;0.0;;referring to the work being done by the government led by prime minister narendramodi , he said only a person with a chest of 56 inches can lead india to the path of development.
;;-0.2263;;the supreme court on thursday declined to take on record the affidavit filed by ips officer sanjiv bhatt,who had accused chief minister narendramodi of having adopted an anti-minority stance during the post-godhra riots.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/inc)hitting back at prime minister narendramodi for levelling corruption allegations against the siddaramaiah government in karnataka, congress president rahul gandhi on thursday claimed that the bjp had given tickets to eight tainted candidates for the upcoming state assembly election.
;;0.0;;when (fugitive diamantaire) nirav modi, whom narendramodi knows very wellknows by the first name, runs away with rs 30,000 crore, he does not utter a word.
;;0.765;;maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackerays tactical move to field candidates against the shiv sena on one hand and extend support to bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi on the other seems to have worked against its own candidates in the 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.4404;;bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis rally in mumbai on april 21 also appears to have worked in senas favour.
;;0.7351;;prime minister narendramodi is turning india into a demon land and the congressmen praising him should be thrown out of the party, veteran congress leader and former union minister k k tiwari said on sunday.
;;0.128;;he also called on congressmen to go all-out in narendramodi through an agitation involving people, as he was promoting polarized majoritarianism and fascism in india.
;;-0.5106;;the party must be given a clarion call to fight the threat to the very idea of india by the rss/bjp combine under the leadership of narendramodi , he said.
;;-0.5411;;rahul to modi: watch rohiths mothertaking a dig at prime minister narendramodi over his endorsement of smriti iranis comments on rohith vemulas suicide, congress leader rahul gandhi saturday posted on his twitter account: satyameva jayate!
;;0.5106;;how can they digest someone like narendramodi from a humble background making key decisions at the top.
;;0.5574;;on black money and prime minister narendramodi modis promise to the people, lekhi said, black money is reaching pockets of the people via various welfare schemes launched by the modi government.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday announced the creation of a high-powered committee on structural reforms in agriculture, saying this panel would include some chief ministers and take a holistic approach on the subject.
;;0.4939;;as rajya sabha member, he had sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention to save the munroe island, balagopal said, adding former environment minister prakash javadekar had deputed an official team to study the situation.
;;-0.8074;;on the eve of bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis rally in the capital,students and teachers of three delhi universities held a demonstration against the communal violence in muzaffarnagar,up,and demanded that efforts by political parties to destroy the secular fabric of the country be stopped.
;;0.0;;on wednesday it has become the government of narendramodi by the rss and for corporate houses.
;;0.7351;;it is in the light of such unprecedented onslaughts on our constitution by the sangh parivar and its affiliates with the blessings of prime minister narendramodi that the last meeting of the national council of the communist party of india held in december 2016 at hyderabad decided to observe this years republic day as `save constitution day.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi has put his known detractor jairam ramesh in a quandary.
;;0.0;;sufi politicscommenting on the recently held world sufi forum in the capital, the daily siasat, in its editorial on march 20, writes: there seemed to be a wide gap between the speech of prime minister narendramodi and his past image.
;;0.6249;;one objective of engaging the mps in other constituencies is to keep the party cadre mobilised in the 12 constituencies represented by bjp ministers  prime minister narendramodi , rajnath singh, uma bharati, kalraj mishra, maneka gandhi, v k singh, santosh gangwar, mahesh sharma, sanjiv balyan, sadhvi niranjan jyoti, krishna raj and mahendra pandey.
;;0.0;;advertisingbaghel has also written to prime minister narendramodi requesting him to include chhattisgarh forest rights acts leaseholders under the pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi yojana.
;;0.4588;;(source: ap)the two-day informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping starting on friday at wuhan could be a new landmark in bilateral ties and can help reduce differences, a write-up in the state-run chinese media said on thursday.
;;-0.296;;(express photo by amit chakravarty)mumbai congress president sanjay nirupam has written to prime minister narendramodi , seeking action against chief minister devendra fadnavis over unlocking salt pan land and no development zones for affordable housing in mumbais development plan 2043.
;;0.9022;;(file photo)an overjoyed prime minister narendramodi on saturday described as very humbling and overwhelming the poll victories that the bjp got in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand and thanked people for continued faith and support.
;;0.743;;(file)the third reshuffle of prime minister narendramodi modis ministry is remarkable for the signal it sends of a younger generation of leaders in the party climbing into the spotlight.
;;0.3612;;two years ago, during his travels across the indian ocean, prime minister narendramodi promised to overcome all these limitations on indias maritime aspirations.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is yet to make any statement on either of the incidents.
;;0.6478;;with the aam aadmi party ministers drawing flak for not being present in the city as deaths due to the vector borne diseases  chikunguniya and dengue  are on the rise, the delhi chief minister on tuesday said that lt governor najeeb jung and prime minister narendramodi should be held entirely responsible for the situation.
;;0.0;;for the first time, under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , a system has been put in place whereby villagers need not go to the government, instead the government will come to them.
;;-0.886;;aap national convener and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal on monday accused prime minister narendramodi of unleashing tax terrorism on traders and destroying the countrys financial system.
;;0.0;;on our television screens, too, prime minister narendramodi has hatched an easter egg.
;;0.0;;on the morning of the day before, zee was running a curtain-raiser on its ticker: coming soon: learn how narendramodi will spend his diwali.
;;-0.5267;;b'taking a stand against tobacco and the existing warnings on cigarette packets, 653 doctors and seven medical associations from across india have become signatories to a joint letter to prime minister narendramodi and union health minister j p nadda, seeking implementation of the new pictorial warnings on packs of tobacco products from april 1.
;;0.2023;;on the top is narendramodi modi,followed by rahul gandhi,nitish kumar,mulayam singh yadav,and others.
;;0.0;;last year,chief minister narendramodi had visited this pandal.
;;0.0;;advertisingtrumps remarks were his first on the issue since his meeting with prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the g7 summit in france on august 26.
;;0.0;;it comes almost 11 days after trump had said on august 26 that he had discussed the issue on august 25 over dinner and had said that prime minister narendramodi really feels he has it under control.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi , in his plenary session at the 5th eastern economic forum, said india will give a line of credit worth usd 1 billion for the development of the far east.
;;-0.4404;;referring to prime minister narendramodi modis statement against cow vigilante groups, biju demanded action against these outfits and not remain confined to words alone.
;;0.0;;vijender gupta,former delhi bjp chief,brought the proposal to send in a congratulatory note to narendramodi on his appointment as election committee chief.
;;0.4588;;continuing to target prime minister narendramodi over demonetisation, the ncp chief claimed it was in the nations interest to build up a campaign against demonetisation.
;;0.1779;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi kicked off his campaign for the high-stakes assam election battle on saturday, addressing five rallies where he called assam a diseased state and said he could feel strong winds of change blowing in the state.
;;0.6124;;prasad said that prime minister narendramodi has taken lead in convincing the world that things have to be operated in a fair and transparent manner.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate keralas first metro on saturday.
;;0.7096;;briefing the media on bilateral meeting held between prime minister narendramodi and us president barack obama earlier in the day, the foreign secretary said a lot of discussion on energy, clean energy, climate change related issues were discussed.
;;0.0;;the star pugilist, on wednesday, took up the issue with prime minister narendramodi in a meeting here.
;;0.0;;a cabinet committee on economic affairs, headed by prime minister narendramodi , tuesday announced the redevelopment of pragati maidan, which involves demolition of two heritage sites.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi pm narendramodi modiut adviser vijay kumar dev on monday said the decision to close down the schools during the visit of prime minister narendramodi on september 11 was taken collectively by the administration.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi pti photo(pti3_3_2017_000118a) prime minister narendramodi pti photo(pti3_3_2017_000118a)documents submitted by prime minister narendramodi along with the application for getting a passport and its renewal, cannot be disclosed as these are personal information, the cic has held.
;;-0.7506;;a new video of an army jawan thursday surfaced on social media in which he has alleged harassment by superiors for writing to prime minister narendramodi over the problems faced by the soldiers, soon after similar videos of complaint came to light from a bsf jawan and a crpf constable.
;;0.0387;;here for the shanghai cooperation organisation summit, prime minister narendramodi and pakistan counterpart imran khan sat across the table at a dinner at the frunze restaurant, but there was no exchange of pleasantries.
;;0.0;;for weeks, prime minister narendramodi remained conspicuously silent.
;;0.0;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on tuesday said after over two years in office he has learned the ropes and asserted that his long stint as gujarat chief minister helped him in his job in new delhi.
;;0.6369;;like prime minister narendramodi , fadnavis has been active on social media, especially twitter.
;;0.0;;union urban development minister venkaiah naidu attended the ceremony on behalf of prime minister narendramodi and the central government.
;;0.34;;b'guwahati: prime minister narendramodi being welcomed by the chief minister of assam, tarun gogoi on his arrival at guwahati.
;;0.34;;pti photo guwahati: prime minister narendramodi being welcomed by the chief minister of assam, tarun gogoi on his arrival at guwahati.
;;0.0;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi began his first visit in the election year to assam with a massive rally in kokrajhar, where he announced sops for the states four bodoland territorial autonomous districts (btad).
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief and poll tactician amit shah have kicked into overdrive after these elections and one of the main tests was to deliver on the 2014 right-wing appeasement poll promises.
;;0.0;;(source: narendramodi /twitter)prime minister narendramodi addressed the nation on sunday through his monthly radio programme, mann ki baat.
;;-0.7717;;taking a dig at mungantiwars remarks that thackerays views will be sought after he returns from his foreign tour, raut said even prime minister narendramodi is on a foreign tour while there is a severe agrarian crisis in the country.
;;0.0;;the joint statement, issued a day after the visiting crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan met prime minister narendramodi , also deplored efforts by countries to give religious and sectarian colour to political issues and pointed out the responsibility of all states to control the activities of the so-called non-state actors.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti.
;;0.0;;(pti/file photo) prime minister narendramodi with jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti.
;;0.0;;sri lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe with prime minister narendramodi at hyderabad house in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;renuka puri sri lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe with prime minister narendramodi at hyderabad house in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.34;;renuka puriwith joint development of trincomalee port high on agenda, prime minister narendramodi and his sri lankan counterpart, ranil wickremesinghe, on wednesday welcomed signing of an mou for cooperation in economic projects.
;;0.6486;;she said prime minister narendramodi modis historic visit in 2015, the first ever by an indian prime minister to mongolia, provided a fresh impetus to the bilateral relations and qualitatively raised the level of the engagement.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with myanmars state counsellor aung san suu kyi kyi at bogyoke aung san museum in yangon city of myanmar on thursday.
;;0.0;;pti photo/pib prime minister narendramodi with myanmars state counsellor aung san suu kyi kyi at bogyoke aung san museum in yangon city of myanmar on thursday.
;;0.0;;pti photo/pibthe ministry of external affairs statement of august 26, titled situation in rakhine state of myanmar gave the plot away prior to the visit of prime minister narendramodi to myanmar from september 5-7, 2017.
;;0.0;;there is little to show for narendramodi modis much hyped visit.
;;0.0;;javadekar said his ministry will concentrate on reclaiming and rejuvenating infertile land as a major component in prime minister narendramodi modis plan to double farmer income in the country.
;;-0.1027;;the minister also alleged that the sp supremo helped gujarat chief minister narendramodi to return to the power after godhara riots in 2002.
;;0.7184;;rail passengers will soon be served tea, snacks and meals in kulhads and other earthenware plates at 400 major stations across the country in deference to the wish of prime minister narendramodi to make india free from single-use plastic.
;;0.6486;;advertisingthe increase, the third since the narendramodi government came to power, would also benefit all applicants from andaman & nicobar islands, dadra & nagar haveli, goa, lakshadweep, manipur, odisha, puducherry, assam, chandigarh, daman & diu, himachal pradesh, jharkhand, punjab, and tripura.
;;0.0;;this followed a february meeting between prime minister narendramodi , saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, and minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi, with the gulf kingdom enhancing indias haj quota by about 25,000.
;;0.0;;on thursday, the liquor baron claimed that prime minister narendramodi , in an interview, had said that his government recovered more money that he allegedly owed psu banks and the same banks claimed otherwise in uk courts.
;;0.8316;;as soon as the order came, prime minister narendramodi reportedly spoke to external affairs minister sushma swaraj who described the verdict as a great relief.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to address one of the sessions at the conference, which is organised by the external affairs ministry every year.
;;-0.34;;on september 15,the retired ips officer had filedan affidavit before the state government-appointed commission,which alleged that chief minister narendramodi had used the intelligence bureaus secret service fund (ssf) to undermine a petition filed on the 2002 riots by mallika sarabhai.
;;-0.6187;;congress spokesperson rpn singh said top bjp leaders, including prime minister narendramodi and shah, were campaigning in poll-bound gujarat, himachal pradesh and karnataka and talking about corruption, but had failed to come up with a reply to the shahzada model.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah are talking about corruption in himachal pradesh.
;;0.0;;(express photo/files)a case has been registered against dalit leader and gujarat mla jignesh mewani for allegedly making provocative remarks against prime minister narendramodi at an event in chitradurga, about 200 kms from bengaluru, police said.
;;0.9153;;prime minister narendramodi , it appears, shares this affinity and perhaps it is in the nature of priorities that for any indian leader looking to fashion an economy-led international engagement, the vibrant economies of the east are the best place to begin.
;;-0.4767;;a 25-year-old youth has been arrested by police in the north karnataka town of gangavathi for allegedly posting a morphed picture of prime minister narendramodi on his facebook page.
;;-0.4939;;in 2014, former australian prime minister tony abbott handed over to prime minister narendramodi two antique statues of hindu deities which were stolen from temples in tamil nadu before being bought by art galleries in australia.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday presented the awards for implementation of the central governments priority programmes.
;;0.34;;the reception gate was decked with flowers and many religious tableaus were present as drums played to receive the debut passengers of the cross-border bus service linking the two nations as part of the ramayan circuit, inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi and his nepali counterpart k.p. sharma oli on friday.
;;0.0;;excerpts:advertisingdo you think it was pawan kumar bansal versus prime minister narendramodi in chandigarh?
;;0.0;;there was never pawan kumar bansal v/s narendramodi in chandigarh.
;;0.4588;;rahul gandhi is far intelligent than p m narendramodi in so many ways.
;;-0.0716;;admitting that demonetisation and the implementation of gst by the government had caused some disturbances, union minister and bjp candidate from traders hub chandni chowk harsh vardhan has asserted that the moves have not shaken the peoples faith in prime minister narendramodi modis vision.
;;0.0;;(source: ani photo)prime minister narendramodi will on saurday chair the 11th meeting of inter-state council in the national capital .
;;-0.1027;;to a question that prime minister narendramodi is facing criticism for the gap between his tough rhetoric when bjp was in the opposition and his governments action vis-a-vis pakistan, prasad said bjps policies are in tune with the national interest.
;;0.0;;the swearing-in ceremony of doiwala mla will be attended by prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and other senior bjp leaders in dehradun.
;;0.4939;;he also alleged that cms scheduled meeting with prime minister narendramodi in delhi on wednesday was last-ditch bid to save rajeev kumar.
;;-0.2023;;people are saying that it is strange that mamataji is meeting narendramodi now.
;;0.4939;;javadekar said that india has already started the process of ratification of paris climate agreement and even during the recent meeting between prime minister narendramodi and us president barack obama, both emphasised that the process should be completed at the earliest.
;;0.5267;;jagruti pandya,the widow of slain bjp leader haren pandya,today backtracked from her plan to give a representation to cm narendramodi for seeking justice for her late husband and decided not to go to the fast venue after being reportedly persuaded by senior bjp leader l k advani.
;;0.6486;;he said, the dream of prime minister narendramodi is to free the country and state from congress and this will be kept in mind.
;;-0.802;;earlier in the day, the joint statement, without naming pakistan, said ghani and prime minister narendramodi discussed the situation in the region and expressed grave concern at continued use of terrorism for achieving political objectives.
;;0.0;;in picture, pm narendramodi (pti photo) in picture, pm narendramodi (pti photo)prime minister narendramodi will launch tomorrow a regional air connectivity scheme under which the fares of flights will be capped at rs 2500 per seat per hour.
;;0.0772;;(source: express archive)just after prime minister narendramodi modis famous and spontaneous visit to lahore on the birthday of his pakistani opposite number, nawaz sharif, television showcased a sangh parivar stalwarts view that the road to akhand bharat was open.
;;0.4754;;b'days after l k advani appeared to have preferred madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over narendramodi in the race for bjps prime ministerial candidate,party president rajnath singh today said the gujarat chief minister was the most popular leader in the country.
;;0.4754;;there cannot be two opinions that narendramodi is the most popular leader in the country, singh told a press conference in hyderabad.
;;0.802;;i want to say with all humility that advani first praised narendramodi for his excellent work.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi in lok sabha.
;;0.0;;(youtube screengrab) pm narendramodi in lok sabha.
;;0.4019;;(youtube screengrab)demonetisation was the central issue as prime minister narendramodi exchanged blows with opposition bsp, congress and samajwadi party on tuesday, juist few days ahead of the first phase of polling in the uttar pradesh assembly elections.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi gave an hour-long speech in parliament, his first in the house after demonetisation.
;;-0.9387;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday had said lynching of ansari in jharkhand, pained him and the guilty must be severely punished, but stressed that all incidents of violence in the country, whether in jharkhand, west bengal or kerala, should be treated the same and law should take its course.
;;0.0;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi will be on a day-long visit to union territory of dadra and nagar haveli on april 17 during which he will address a public rally and inaugurate development works.
;;0.1027;;prayers for the deceased poured in as prime minister narendramodi and union defence minister manohar parrikar condoled the deaths of soldiers.
;;-0.0516;;whether it is his comments on the bulandshahr gangrape case or his criticism of pm narendramodi , the samajwadi party leader manages to ruffle quite a few feathers with his language.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi shake hands with his malaysian counterpart najib razak and waves to a gathering, before their meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
;;-0.1779;;(pti photo by shahbaz khan) prime minister narendramodi shake hands with his malaysian counterpart najib razak and waves to a gathering, before their meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.7003;;welcoming the dignitary, mukherjee said the two countries have taken their strategic partnership forward, particularly after the visit of prime minister narendramodi to malaysia in november 2015.
;;-0.2023;;a group of parents,whose children suffer from rare genetic disorders collectively called lysosomal storage disorders (lsds),requested chief minister narendramodi on tuesday to support treatment of these conditions,which can cost up to rs 1 crore per year depending on the patients body weight.
;;-0.5106;;several world leaders including prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump condemned the attack and offered support to the uk.
;;0.0;;it cites the example of demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi modis key-anti corruption reform, which cost the economy an estimated $14 billion according to experts.
;;0.7351;;(source: ani photo)expressing surprise at prime minister narendramodi modis statements on balochistan, brahumdagh bugti, the grandson of slain baloch nationalist leader akbar bugti, on monday said he was encouraged by the turn of events and hoped that the indian government would continue with this policy.
;;0.8807;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi today expressed hope that the youth of the country would be inspired by the ideas of swami vivekananda and take the nation to great heights.
;;0.0;;(source: pti/file)tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami will meet prime minister narendramodi in delhi this week, sources said.
;;0.2023;;of late i have begun to get seriously worried every time the bjp wins yet another election in narendramodi modis name.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with manmohan singh.
;;0.0;;file photo prime minister narendramodi with manmohan singh.
;;-0.6486;;file photoangry over pm narendramodi modis raincoat barb on predecessor manmohan singh and his remarks on indira gandhi, congress thursday forced two adjournments in rajya sabha and staged a walkout from lok sabha.
;;-0.4404;;b'on the eve of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to his home state, gujarat pradesh congress committee president bharatsinh solanki attributed the pms frequent visits to the state as a political compulsion to bolster a weak state bjp leadership.
;;-0.1779;;counting various promises doled out by the bjp ahead of the 2014 assembly polls, rane said both fadnavis and prime minister narendramodi had failed to make a single one count.
;;0.0;;pti photo by shahbaz khanturkish president recep tayyip erdogan was given a ceremonial reception at the rashtrapati bhawan ahead of his delegation level talks with prime minister narendramodi on monday.
;;0.2732;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday greeted the nation on the occasion of onam.
;;-0.4215;;punjab congress chief spokesperson sunil kumar jakhar tuesday criticised ruling sad-bjp alliance and prime minister narendramodi for not announcing any financial package for state and industry.
;;0.3182;;b'prime minister narendramodi pays his last respects to the mortal remains of environment minister anil madhav dave at his residence in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.3182;;(pti photo by vijay verma) prime minister narendramodi pays his last respects to the mortal remains of environment minister anil madhav dave at his residence in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.6124;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted saying, absolutely shocked by the sudden demise of my friend & a very respected colleague, environment minister anil madhav dave ji.
;;0.4767;;twitter.com/vwus2fsnmw  narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 18, 2017as a mark of respect, the national flag will fly half-mast on thursday in the capitals of all state and union territory on all the buildings where it is flown regularly.
;;-0.25;;he accused prime minister narendramodi of facilitating free trade for us-based pharmaceutical firms at the cost of making life-saving drugs unaffordable for the poor.
;;0.0;;incidentally,the proposal faced stiff opposition from the state congress after chief minister narendramodi announced it before the civic polls in october 2010.
;;0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi posted on twitter that he had spoken to patnaik and assured continuous support from the central government, and that he would be travelling to odisha on may 6.
;;0.0;;these documents purportedly reflected payments to various politicians, including narendramodi during his time as gujarat chief minister.
;;-0.128;;however, at the inaugural function last week, with prime minister narendramodi presiding, transport minister nitin gadkari tried to steal the credit claiming that he had terminated the earlier contract to build the bridge due to non-performance, and issued a fresh tender at a lower price, and that construction of the bridge started on march 3, 2015, during his tenure.
;;0.34;;his remarks came ahead of chief minister mehbooba muftis meeting with prime minister narendramodi tomorrow amid the deteriorating security situation in the state .
;;-0.1779;;notwithstanding prime minister narendramodi modis absence at the summit, delhi insists that it takes nam seriously.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at a rally in karnataka on thursday.
;;0.0;;(pti) prime minister narendramodi at a rally in karnataka on thursday.
;;-0.7096;;as part of his third round of campaigning in poll-bound karnataka, prime minister narendramodi addressed a rally in tumakuru on saturday morning and launched a scathing attack on the congress over several issues ranging from poverty to farmers suicides and its alliance with the jds in bengaluru.
;;0.6597;;addressing a gathering of bjp lawmakers during a two-day training programme in the national capital saturday, prime minister narendramodi instructed the party leaders to remain active on the ground level even after becoming lawmakers or ministers, pti reported.
;;0.0;;bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi had held only one rally at bharthana in etawah on april 18 where he had targeted mulayam.
;;-0.296;;chief minister narendramodi modis close aide amit shah may not figure as an accused in the supplementary chargesheet which is likely to be filed soon by the cbi in ishrat jahan encounter case.
;;0.6249;;its time to send narendramodi back to gujarat, she says to huge applause.
;;0.2023;;such cooperation was an important part of prime minister narendramodi modis discussions with the uae leadership during his visit here in august, gargash said.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi has asked his ministerial colleagues to give details of tours, if any, undertaken by them during the last three months, an exercise aimed at ascertaining whether they promoted demonetisation and other initiatives, sources said.
;;0.0;;b'the first maritime india summit (mis), which prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate in mumbai on april 14, will showcase about 200 projects with an investment potential of us $6 billion, an official said wednesday.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi and his pakistani counterpart imran khan exchanged usual pleasantries in the leaders lounge at sco summit in bishkek on friday, officials from both the sides have told the indian express.
;;-0.296;;this comes a week after prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping sought to lower the temperature in astana between the two countries.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi along with ananth kumar, mukhtar abbas naqvi, jitendra singh and ss ahluwalia, arrives for the ongoing budget session of parliament, in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi along with ananth kumar, mukhtar abbas naqvi, jitendra singh and ss ahluwalia, arrives for the ongoing budget session of parliament, in new delhi.
;;0.5106;;(pti photo)reliance jio infocomm and paytm have tendered apologies for using prime minister narendramodi modis picture in their respective advertisements without permission, the government said on friday.
;;0.6808;;b'prime minister narendramodi emplanes for frankfurt on the way to the united states, at afs palam in new delhi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi emplanes for frankfurt on the way to the united states, at afs palam in new delhi (pti photo)the details of the foreign visits undertaken by prime minister narendramodi and the expenses incurred on his chartered flights have been put out on the website of the prime ministers office (pmo).
;;0.0;;naidu said prime minister narendramodi talks a lot but does little.
;;0.7579;;(source: file)aimed at boosting indias performance in future olympic games, prime minister narendramodi on friday announced that a task force would be set up to prepare a comprehensive action plan for effective participation of indian sportspersons in the next three olympic games  2020, 2024 and 2028.
;;-0.2263;;the nda thursday demanded that the bihar government remove prohibition and excise minister abdul jaleel mastan, who was seen in a video calling prime minister narendramodi a naxalite and a dacoit.
;;0.0;;the national womens parliament is an initiative of the andhra pradesh legislative assembly and was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi via video conferencing.
;;0.4767;;kohli shared a video of his fitness workout from gym and challenged prime minister narendramodi , cricketer ms dhoni, and his wife and actress anushka sharma.
;;0.836;;(source: pti)bjp came to power in 2014 due to blessings of seers and the party progressed under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi in last two years, party president amit shah said on saturday.
;;0.0;;he was reacting to a letter that the cm had written to him and prime minister narendramodi , flagging the issue of insufficient water supply from haryana during peak summer.
;;0.0;;the centre on thursday sought time for setting up of the cauvery management board on the ground that prime minster narendramodi and other minsters are campaigning in karnataka for the upcoming elections in may.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , on wednesday approved payment for the entire 12 per cent contribution for first three years for new staff.
;;0.4019;;b'prime minister narendramodi with cabinet ministers after bjp parliament party meeting at the parliament house on friday.
;;0.4019;;(express photo by praveen jain) prime minister narendramodi with cabinet ministers after bjp parliament party meeting at the parliament house on friday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was present in the house.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi will inaugurate the states 64th annual van mahotsav at nageshwar near dwarka in jamnagar district on friday.
;;0.2732;;after what prime minister narendramodi has done, it will not be possible for india to create independent policies on its own.
;;0.0;;the chief ministers panel report, which was submitted to prime minister narendramodi by committee representative naidu, has also made a case of lower/zero merchant discount rate (mdr) for all digital payments to government entities and cap on cash in all type of big ticket transactions.
;;0.3612;;the opposition leaders were told that the government and the bjp would like to finalise the candidate for presidential poll before prime minister narendramodi leaves on a three-nation trip on june 24.
;;-0.3612;;the governor came under intense criticism after a section of employees of the raj bhavan wrote to prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee demanding immediate removal of v shanmuganathan for seriously compromising the dignity of the gubernatorial office.
;;0.3182;;however, the idea looks influenced by the start up model of entrepreneurship, of which prime minister narendramodi is a fan.
;;0.296;;that the meeting is taking place in prime minister narendramodi modis home state, gujarat, indicates how the personal and political have come together in making japan a critical actor in the modernisation of indias infrastructure, revitalising its regional economic policy, and rediscovering tokyos centrality for peace and stability in asia.
;;0.0;;from 6 am to 7 am, the chief guest will deliver the speech and the address of prime minister narendramodi will be telecast live.
;;0.6597;;on sunday, prime minister narendramodi had met the awardees at his residence to congratulate them for the achievements and contribution to indian sport.
;;-0.9501;;while local residents have claimed that ramchandra yadav (62) was killed in a dispute over naming of a chowk in lahesarai after prime minister narendramodi , police suspect a land dispute was behind the murder.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi has been making increasing efforts towards his flagship make in india initiative that also endeavours to modernize the countrys ageing military equipment.
;;0.7845;;b'prime minister narendramodi (source: pti) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday congratulated indian space research organisation (isro) scientists for the successful launch of navigation satellite irnss-1e, saying they keep making the country proud.
;;0.9678;;congratulating the dynamism & determination of @isro & our scientists on successful launch of pslv c31 & putting irnss 1e in orbit precisely  narendramodi (@narendramodi) january 20, 2016the navigation satellie that was launched into orbit earlier today by the isro (photo courtesy: twitter/isro) the navigation satellie that was launched into orbit earlier today by the isro (photo courtesy: twitter/isro)isro on wednesday successfully launched the satellite onboard trusted workhorse pslv-c31 from the spaceport of sriharikota.
;;-0.4215;;(ap photo/leo correa)prime minister narendramodi congratulated devendra jhajharia for becoming the first indian to get two gold medals at the 2016 paralympics games in rio when he broke his own world record in javelin.
;;-0.8519;;apart from the kuneru accident, the ministry of railways has handed over other cases to the nia for investigation, including the rail accident near kanpur last year that prime minister narendramodi had blamed on pakistans spy agency isi.
;;0.2716;;meanwhile, thanking prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah for reposing faith in him, rupani asserted that his team is fully committed to harnessing aspirations of the poor, marginalised, farmers and youngsters.
;;0.9001;;i thank pm narendramodi & bjp president amit shah for reposing faith in a humble karyakarta like me & giving me this opportunity, rupani said in a series of tweets.
;;0.3612;;patel, who took charge as gujarats first woman chief minister after narendramodi took charge as the prime minister, citing age issues had in her facebook post earlier urged the bjp to relieve her from the coveted post.
;;0.0;;addressing media in delhi after meting prime minister narendramodi , amarinder said he would wait for the advocate generals advice on the issue.
;;0.1531;;varanasi: prime minister narendramodi greets at the crowd during a roadshow, in varanasi on saturday.
;;0.1531;;varanasi: prime minister narendramodi greets at the crowd during a roadshow, in varanasi on saturday.
;;0.0;;while prime minister narendramodi held his roadshow from banaras hindu university (bhu) gate to kaal bhairav temple in the first half of the day, chief minister akhilesh yadav and congress vice-president rahul gandhi hit the winding streets in the afternoon, as they made their way through the temple town.
;;0.0;;my family is indebted to him for taking up the issue with mea and also with prime minister narendramodi , said bhushan.
;;0.8271;;when the triumphal results came in, prime minister narendramodi sent what sounded like statesman-like tweets: a new india is emerging, which is being powered by the strength and skills of 125 crore indians.
;;0.4019;;the party also rubbished reports that its delegation met prime minister narendramodi over the issue on tuesday, was given an earful.
;;0.7964;;nepal is all set to welcome prime minister narendramodi , who is arriving in the country on friday for a two-day state visit during which he will hold talks with the top leadership here with a focus on implementing key india-assisted projects and building mutual trust.
;;0.0;;this comes even as prime minister narendramodi at a un body meeting monday mentioned we are focusing on zbnf.
;;0.4767;;(source: file)former union minister p chidambaram on sunday took a dig at prime minister narendramodi modis ambitious make in india scheme, saying it is not working and is only part of an event management.
;;0.2144;;(pti photo)addressing a rally in poll-bound gujarat, congress vice-president rahul gandhi on monday took a dig at prime minister narendramodi when he said that his party does not believe in telling our mann ki baat, but in listening to people.
;;-0.743;;a complaint was filed against gujarat chief minister narendramodi at a police station in hyderabad sunday over the controversial remarks made by him about post-godhra riots in gujarat during 2002.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump.
;;-0.6486;;the announcement, which did not define what constituted fake news, was strongly criticised by journalist and opposition parties, prompting prime minister narendramodi to order the i&b ministry to cancel its contentious guidelines.
;;0.7783;;javadekar lauded prime minister narendramodi modis commitment towards tiger conservation and said he had adopted the best conservation practices during his tenure as the chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.0;;hours before leaving for the howdy modi event in houston, prime minister narendramodi said the event will be a new milestone in the relationship and ties between india and the us.
;;-0.296;;however, while prime minister narendramodi is among several leaders due to attend the secretary-generals meeting, india has already said it was in no position to upgrade its climate action plan.
;;-0.8834;;vaidik, known to be close to yoga teacher ramdev, claims that saeed had a candid discussion with him on a range of issues, including about prime minister narendramodi , terrorism and the recent inclusion of jud in the list of terrorist organisations drawn up by the us.
;;-0.5859;;the firing from across the border comes barely four days ahead of the visit of prime minister narendramodi to the state, and also ended months of lull in the border skirmishes along the ib which saw heavy pakistani firing and shelling earlier this year.
;;0.0;;on friday, radhika said the bjp would be decimated to the ground if prime minister narendramodi did not intervene and take action against irani and her cabinet colleague bandaru dattatreya, who had written multiple letters to her seeking action against rohith, alleging anti-national activities.
;;0.0;;the assessment was conducted on the recent visit by prime minister narendramodi to j&k.
;;-0.7845;;pti photo by r senthil kumar (pti1_18_2017_000258a)with the meeting of tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam with the prime minister narendramodi on thursday failing to force the centre to come out with a presidential ordinance to lift the ban on jallikattu, the 2,000-year-old bull taming sport, what is going to be the fate of massive jallikattu uprising spreading across the state?
;;0.0;;this comes after prime minister narendramodi asked the ministry to expedite development of the 13 proposed theme-based circuits so that they can be completed during the tenure of the current government, sources have said.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi condoled his death and shared an old photograph with jayendra.
;;0.4215;;it is easier to get through to prime minister narendramodi than sisodia and mishra, he said.
;;-0.4588;;(source: pti photo)opposition cms attack centre over funding, federalism, gst lossesduring the niti aayog governing council meeting on sunday, chief ministers from opposition parties attacked prime minister narendramodi and the ruling party of curtailment of funds and federalism, and asked for timely compensation for loss of revenue due to the goods and services tax (gst).
;;0.3612;;the chief minister, who assured farmers that their demands will be met, spoke to prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the niti aayog governing council meeting later in the day.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi took stock of the situation and spoke to union home minister rajnath singh, who will be travelling to the state shortly.
;;0.0;;surat city bjp president modi said,chief minister narendramodi will also accompany advani in the yatra after it enters in the state.
;;-0.4588;;express photosujith dilip, the owner of city-based rambo circus, has written to prime minister narendramodi urging him to check the dire status of circuses in india and how circus owners have been facing the brunt of various rules and regulations.
;;0.0;;discussed with them the developmental initiatives of pm narendramodi modis govt in the last 4 years.
;;0.0;;the appointments committee of the cabinet, headed by prime minister narendramodi , communicated the decision around midday friday  which would have been mitals last working day  a few hours before his scheduled retirement function at rail bhawan.
;;0.4767;;the bjp today came out in defence of former cbi chief r k raghavan,who heads the special investigation team (sit) probing into the 2002 riot cases,following allegations that he was trying to shield chief minister narendramodi in the supreme court.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with swedens prime minister stefan lofven in stockholm on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(pti) prime minister narendramodi with swedens prime minister stefan lofven in stockholm on tuesday.
;;0.4215;;after prime minister narendramodi held bilateral talks with swedish pm stefan lofven in stockholm, modi said, one of the main pillars of our bilateral relations is defence and security cooperation.
;;0.8957;;the day after the unprecedented mandate won by the bjp in up, prime minister narendramodi , who has been singularly credited for the triumph, by the bjp and by others, spoke of the importance of sarvamat or unanimity, even though governments are formed by bahumat or majority.
;;0.7506;;prime minister narendramodi addressing a record crowd of more than 50,000 indian-americans in houston later this month will be a remarkable and momentous event, the indian ambassador to the united states has said.
;;0.5994;;advertisinggabbard, 38, on thursday extended her warm welcome to prime minister narendramodi for his upcoming us visit beginning on saturday.
;;-0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi condoled goels death, tweeting, spoke to @vijaygoelbjp & condoled the demise of his father shri charti lal goel, whose rich contribution to public life will be remembered.
;;0.6705;;the mit school of government has in a letter to prime minister narendramodi proposed setting up institutions of national importance on the lines of iits and iims solely dedicated to teaching leadership and governance.
;;0.5859;;zero budget natural farming (zbnf) may have received endorsement from the niti aayog, the finance ministers budget speech and prime minister narendramodi himself.
;;0.3182;;chief minister narendramodi was flying off the shelves at the second ahmedabad national book fair that opened at gujarat university convention centre on tuesday.
;;0.0;;another latest title released on modi was narendramodi modi: the man,the times by nilanjan mukhopadhyay.
;;0.34;;durdashta narendramodi by diamond publications has been translated into gujarati from hindi by kumar pankaj.
;;0.0;;within a few hours of the opening,we have already sold five copies of swarnim gujarat na cm narendramodi by rohit shah.
;;0.0772;;they include convenient action: gujarats response to challenges of climate change (macmillan),written by modi himself and narkesari: narendramodi (gujarati) by pratap simha.
;;0.3182;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , palaniswami reiterated the need for mutually acceptable fishing arrangements between india and sri lanka.
;;0.3346;;watch what else is making newshe said prime minister narendramodi had taken this well thought-after decision in which all sat down together to explore the option.
;;0.0;;express photo/javed rajathe allocation for building railway infrastructure in gujarat has seen over 300 per cent rise during the two years of narendramodi government, said minister for railways suresh prabhu as he laid foundation stones for seven projects in mehsana on tuesday.
;;0.0;;on tuesday as somabhai modi, elder brother of prime minister narendramodi looked on from the dais, the railway minister in the presence of bjp mps kirit solanki and jayashreeben patel laid the foundation stones for seven projects  57 km gauge conversion between mehsana and taranga hill, miyagam and samakhaliya (96 km), bhuj and naliya (101 km), laying of 7km of third line between vatva and ahmedabad, new line between somnath and kodinar (37km), doubling of 116 km between surendranagar and rajkot and a 23 km new line between modasa and shyamlaji.
;;0.0;;the minister compared the performance of two terms of manmohan singh-led upa government with that of the two-year rule of the narendramodi government.
;;-0.6705;;earlier on sunday, prime minister narendramodi paid homage to the father of the nation on his 147th birth anniversary and said that his ideals, dedication to the poor and struggle against injustice were inspiring.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi had spoken against such use in his mann ki baat address too where he had said that the government wants to eradicate the vip culture from the minds of the people and it wanted to push for epi (every person important) culture.
;;0.2263;;b'yoga guru baba ramdev with prime minister narendramodi yoga guru baba ramdev with prime minister narendramodi modicalling on prime minister narendramodi to launch a campaign to free pakistan-occupied kashmir (pok), yoga guru baba ramdev has said it was about time that india took concrete steps to take back the captured and disputed land.
;;-0.296;;(source: file)in the wake of recent resignation of union minister najma heptulla due to the undeclared age bar of 75 years for ministers put by prime minister narendramodi , now speculations are rife here on the fate of gujarat chief minister anandiben patel, who will touch the line in november.
;;0.128;;in 2014, when the narendramodi government came to power, the age bar had cancelled out ministerial berths for senior leaders like l k advani, murli manohar joshi, shanta kumar and yashwant sinha.
;;0.0;;it comes after us president donald trump had said on august 26 that he had discussed the issue on august 25 over dinner and had said that prime minister narendramodi really feels he has it under control.
;;0.1531;;on november 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi announced the controversial decision to make all the notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000, representing over 86 per cent of the outstanding currency in a cash-dominant economy, invalid.
;;-0.25;;watch what else is making newsdas retort came against the backdrop of prime minister narendramodi describing scam as an acronym for samajwadi party, congress, akhilesh and mayawati and bjp president amit shah dubbing kasab as the one for congress, sp and behenji (maywati).
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday said that a street in delhi has been named after former russia ambassador to india alexander kadakin, who passed away recently.
;;0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modieven as opposition parties protested against demonetisation with black badges, prime minister narendramodi on thursday put up a strong defence of demonetisation, saying that the yagna against corruption, terrorism and black money will empower the poor and benefit future generations.
;;0.0;;(source: file)senior pdp leader and minister for education altaf bukhari has asked prime minister narendramodi to initiate unconditional talks on kashmir, saying dialogue cannot have a rider in a democratic set up.
;;-0.0772;;three months after prime minister narendramodi refused to fly over pakistans airspace when it was closed for civilian flights, islamabad on saturday turned down a request by india to allow president ram nath kovind to use its airspace for his flight to iceland.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, keshav prasad maurya, one of the names supposedly in consideration for the next chief minister of the state, met prime minister narendramodi on tuesday.
;;0.6369;;he will hold talks with indian prime minister narendramodi and indian ministers, including finance minister arun jaitley and minister of state for external affairs m j akbar, to continue working towards the ambitious partnership that prime ministers theresa may and narendramodi committed to during her visit to india last november.
;;0.5267;;on senior congress leader ghulam nabi azad and mallikarjun kharge charging prime minister narendramodi with politicising the triple talaq issue to gain political mileage, naidu said, what the pm said yesterday is that the muslim society should think on this.
;;0.8201;;continuing his attack on prime minister narendramodi on the second day of his visit to wayanad, gandhi saturday said his lok sabha election campaign was filled with lies, poison and hatred, but the congress stood for truth, love and affection.
;;0.128;;the scheme was launched by prime minister narendramodi on april 14, 2017 on the occasion of commemorating the 126th birth anniversary of dr bhimrao ambedkar.
;;0.8591;;(file)prime minister narendramodi , who on thursday laid the foundation stone of new bjp hq building in new delhi, said this is a small step in the saffron partys commitment to sabka saath, sabka vikas, adding that his party faced greater hardships than the congress party during the british rule.
;;0.0;;suu kyi will call on president pranab mukherjee and have meetings with prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj.
;;-0.1027;;his jibe at rahul gandhi came after prime minister narendramodi challenged the congress president to speak for 15 minutes and list down the partys achievements in karnataka without referring to a paper.
;;0.2023;;pti photoa day after it was announced that prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping will meet in an informal summit on april 27 and 28 in wuhan in central china, external affairs minister sushma swaraj on monday met the top chinese leadership, including president xi and vice-president wang qishan in beijing.
;;0.0;;sen was among the 49 celebrities who had written an open letter to prime minister narendramodi on rising mob lynching cases across the country.
;;0.4939;;downplaying the controversy surrounding his video, mann on monday had demanded prime minister narendramodi modis expulsion for compromising on natural security, with the decision to allow pakistans security agency inside the country post the pathankot airbase attack.
;;-0.4404;;read | congress lashes out at modi govt over lavasas recusaladvertisingthe indian express earlier reported that lavasa had on five occasions, opposed clean chits given to prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah on charges of violating the mcc during their campaign for the lok sabha polls.
;;0.4019;;the bjp on wednesday announced dates for five public meetings in the state and said prime minister narendramodi and party national president amit shah are scheduled to attend some of them.
;;0.0;;we have planned a brigade rally on february 8, during which prime minister narendramodi will address people.
;;-0.1531;;b'ansari is leading the indian delegation in the absence of prime minister narendramodi , who is only the second indian premier to give the cold war-era blocs summit a miss after charan singh in 1979.
;;-0.1531;;ansari is leading the indian delegation in the absence of prime minister narendramodi , who is only the second indian premier to give the cold war-era blocs summit a miss after charan singh in 1979.
;;-0.1531;;ansari is leading the indian delegation in the absence of prime minister narendramodi , who is only the second indian premier to give the cold war-era blocs summit a miss after charan singh in 1979.
;;-0.2732;;given the associated farm stress caused, it is unlikely that if food inflation returns, the next government  even if headed by prime minister narendramodi  would be inclined to adopt an overly hawkish approach.
;;0.0;;(express photo)a day after maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis met prime minister narendramodi to apprise him of the political situation in the state, the shiv sena leadership has started preparations to herd all its corporators to an undisclosed location.
;;-0.8979;;watch what else is making newsspeaking to reporters after marching from south avenue to rashtrapati bhawan to protest against the note ban, the mps also held prime minister narendramodi responsible for the death of 120 people, caused allegedly by the move, and sought president pranab mukherjees intervention as the situation had turned grim.
;;0.7003;;watch what else is making newsprime minister narendramodi has outlined his vision for increasing indias renewable energy capacity five-fold from 30 gw to 175 gw, including a boost in solar power generation from 20 gw to 100 gw.
;;0.5719;;india under the decisive leadership of pm shri narendramodi stands firmly for the safety of each and every citizen of our country.
;;0.4939;;i assure the nation that under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi we will leave no stone unturned to save kulbhushan jadhav.
;;0.4939;;under the able leadership of pm shri narendramodi , the government is taking extraordinary initiatives to save jadhav.
;;-0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi on friday announced ex-gratia of rs two lakh for the kin of each of those killed in an accident in uttar pradesh .
;;0.222;;prime minister narendramodi and may had then directed the officials dealing with extradition matters to meet at the earliest to develop better understanding of each countrys legal processes, identify the causes of delays and expedite pending requests to ensure that fugitives and criminals cannot escape the law.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted sunday.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi will be the face of indian tourism  in short films and on brochures  with the government claiming that inbound arrivals have increased from countries that he visited since taking charge.
;;0.0516;;modi government, including prime minister narendramodi and defence minister, is talking for last one year that they have implemented orop fully, but have not yet done so.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday inaugurated the rs 6,809 crore zojila tunnel project in jammu and kashmirs leh.
;;0.0;;(bjp/twitter) prime minister narendramodi on saturday inaugurated the rs 6,809 crore zojila tunnel project in jammu and kashmirs leh.
;;0.0;;(bjp/twitter)prime minister narendramodi on saturday inaugurated the rs 6,809 crore zojila tunnel project in jammu and kashmirs leh kickstarting the work for indias longest tunnel and asiaa longest and strategic bi-directional tunnel, which will provide all-weather connectivity between jammu and kashmirs srinagar, kargil and leh.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with farooq abdullah national conference leader at sher-i-kashmir international convention centre (skicc) in srinagar where he inaugurated the 330mw kishenganga hydel project and also laid foundation of srinagar ring road.
;;0.0;;express photo by shuaib masoodi 19-05-2018 prime minister narendramodi with farooq abdullah national conference leader at sher-i-kashmir international convention centre (skicc) in srinagar where he inaugurated the 330mw kishenganga hydel project and also laid foundation of srinagar ring road.
;;0.0;;pmo india (@pmoindia) may 18, 2018follow narendramodi in kashmir livebelow are the key features of the rs 6,809 crore zojila tunnel project:# the zojila tunnel will reduce the travel time between srinagar and leh drastically.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with chief minister of jammu and kashmir mehbooba mufti and other ministers at sher-i-kashmir international convention centre (skicc) in srinagar where he inaugurated the 330mw kishenganga hydel project and also laid foundation of srinagar ring road.
;;0.0;;express photo by shuaib masoodi 19-05-2018 prime minister narendramodi with chief minister of jammu and kashmir mehbooba mufti and other ministers at sher-i-kashmir international convention centre (skicc) in srinagar where he inaugurated the 330mw kishenganga hydel project and also laid foundation of srinagar ring road.
;;0.2023;;congress in tamil nadu on monday took potshots at top film star rajinikanth for likening prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah duo to lord krishna and arjuna and wanted him to read mahabharat properly.
;;-0.8402;;declaring that blood and water cannot flow together, prime minister narendramodi had held a meeting in september to review the treaty in the backdrop of the terror strikes, including the uri attack.
;;0.6808;;prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo)with the upcoming state assembly polls and next lok sabha elections on his mind, prime minister narendramodi will address the party chief ministers tomorrow and is likely to ask them to focus on the agenda of good governance and development.
;;0.25;;the minister also informed that as per the vision of prime minister narendramodi , the sports ministry has established various task forces to select and train sports-persons for the coming olympics in 2020.
;;0.0;;chief minister virbhadra singh takes stock of the arrangements ahead of pm narendramodi modis visit in mandi.
;;0.0;;(express photo by lalit kumar) chief minister virbhadra singh takes stock of the arrangements ahead of pm narendramodi modis visit in mandi.
;;-0.2023;;(express photo by lalit kumar)ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis rally at the historic paddal maidan on tuesday, top bjp leadership looked upset over the move to facilitate landing of the pms helicopter at the rally venue, significantly reducing the rally space.
;;-0.4779;;shah also called prime minister narendramodi as the worlds most popular leader and said that under him the country has got a central government for the first time which is making policies and taking decisions by keeping the poor and deprived in mind.
;;-0.4019;;(pti file photo)arvind kejriwal today mounted a stinging offensive against prime minister narendramodi ahead of voting in punjab and goa assembly polls, calling him a shameless dictator and alleged that he was trying to get aam aadmi party deregistered.
;;0.0;;rawats swearing-in ceremony on saturday will be held by prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;pti photoa life-size wax statute of prime minister narendramodi will be kept on display at sabarmati riverfront in the city, where the morbi ceramic association is organising a three-day exhibition starting december 16.
;;-0.6705;;during the ninth day of argument against the sits final report that gave clean chit to chief minister narendramodi and others for their alleged complicity in the larger conspiracy that led to statewide riots,jafris lawyer mihir desai told the court that sit ignored various aspects which were sufficient to take cognizance of the case.
;;0.4019;;(source: pti)ahead of the june 9 extraordinary plenary meeting of the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) in vienna, india on monday managed to get switzerlands support for its nsg membership bid following bilateral talks between prime minister narendramodi and swiss president johann schneider-ammann in geneva.
;;0.4939;;last year, at the record-breaking yoga initiative at rajpath led by prime minister narendramodi , the ayush ministry was left red-faced following the revelation by top officials that the mats, on which the 33,000-odd yoga enthusiasts including the pm performed, were procured from china.
;;-0.2023;;the controversial news item chief minister narendramodi waved while speaking at swami vivekananda yuva vikas yatra at bhavnagar and amreli on monday has now been disowned by with the paper that published it and the agency that reportedly sourced it.
;;0.4019;;the government also boasted of having allocated more budget to agriculture than the previous upa regime with prime minister narendramodi himself promising to double the income of farmers by 2022.
;;-0.4404;;political rivals aside,the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi has something else to worry about.
;;-0.7269;;according to gujarat police,sadiq was shot in naroda area of ahmedabad on january 13,2003,by a crime branch team of ahmedabad,following intelligence inputs that he wanted to kill chief minister narendramodi and other senior bjp and vhp leaders.
;;0.8885;;what has unfolded over the last few days in kashmir flies in the face of the claims by the nda government, and prime minister narendramodi himself, of winning over kashmir with love, dialogue and good governance.
;;0.6369;;police officer z i shaikh had lodged a complaint after he was allegedly manhandled by bjp leaders and party workers,who were celebrating the anointment of chief minister narendramodi as the partys prime ministerial candidate.
;;-0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi expressed grief over the tragedy.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi led the way in paying tributes to hockey legend mohammed shahid who passed away on wednesday morning.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi led the way in paying tributes to hockey legend mohammed shahid who passed away on wednesday morning.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi paid tribute to hockey legend mohammed shahid who passed away on wednesday morning in gurgaon after slipping into coma the night before.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi who will be visiting his parliamentary constituency on friday is scheduled to distribute aids among nearly 8,000 differently abled persons.
;;0.4939;;(source: pti)national security adviser ajit doval has held talks with israels top leadership here as part of preparations for prime minister narendramodi modis likely visit, the first by an indian premier to the jewish country.
;;-0.5267;;he may have remained quiet friday, the only day he attended the legislative assemblys monsoon session, but chief minister arvind kejriwal launched a high-pitched attack on prime minister narendramodi and lieutenant governor najeeb jung, while speaking at an event in kirari saturday.
;;-0.1531;;during his visit to the capital, cm sonowal had discussed the assam attack with prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh, who has assured central assistance to the state government.
;;-0.296;;shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray shiv sena chief uddhav thackerayshiv sena leader uddhav thackeray in an interview in the partys mouthpiece saamana accused prime minister narendramodi of centralising all power and endangering democracy.
;;0.2023;;(pti photo)hailing spirituality as indias strength, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday lamented that some people tend to link it to religion and asserted that the two are very different.
;;0.7906;;in 2014, prime minister narendramodi had attracted headlines by attending the festival in new yorks central park, and had applauded the social action platform for contributing towards eradication of poverty, improving literacy, and uplifting sanitation and hygiene.
;;-0.0258;;a group of secretaries on education has recommended to prime minister narendramodi that starting april this year, english should be taught in all secondary schools and there should be at least one government-run english-medium school in each of the 6,612 blocks in the country.
;;-0.3182;;asked about prime minister narendramodi modis visit to china amid tension along the border, singh said the government believed in establishing a cordial relationship with the countrys neighbours.
;;0.0;;the summit, which was inaugurated on january 10 by prime minister narendramodi , concluded on thursday.
;;0.5719;;i note, with some pleasure, that prime minister narendramodi is a standout among the worlds politicians.
;;0.0;;swamy, who has in the past claimed that rahul gandhi is an italian, had earlier written to prime minister narendramodi asserting rahuls british citizenship.
;;-0.296;;as india decided to impose retaliatory import duties on 29 us items, prime minister narendramodi targeted trade protectionism at the shanghai cooperation organisation summit friday and underscored the need for a rules-based, anti-discriminatory and all-inclusive wto-centred multilateral trading system.
;;-0.25;;as prime minister narendramodi sought to dwarf the memory of indira gandhi by celebrating the birth anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel in a big way eclipsing her assassination remembrance day, the congress fumed but its predicament was all too visible.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi flagging off run for unity at the rajpath on the occasion of sardar vallabhbhai patels birth anniversary in new delhi on friday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) pm narendramodi flagging off run for unity at the rajpath on the occasion of sardar vallabhbhai patels birth anniversary in new delhi on friday.
;;0.3182;;israel will offer five-year multiple entry visa for indian businessmen to increase the bilateral trade ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis planned visit to the jewish state later this year.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)cricket icon sachin tendulkar today requested prime minister narendramodi to talk about some of the sportspersons, who are striving to bring laurels for the country at the ongoing rio olympics, in his speech on 70th independence day.
;;-0.8074;;prime minister narendramodi today strongly condemned the terror attack in kokrajhar and said the home ministry is in touch with the assam government.
;;0.5267;;the gujarat government is planning to showcase a sant nagari or the city of saints - a rs 575-crore project conceived by prime minister narendramodi when he was at the helm in the state - to foreign investors at the vibrant gujarat global investors summit from january 10-13, 2017.
;;0.0;;nitish kumar is the only answer to the politics of narendramodi with his known development face.
;;0.0;;the work on the rs 16,700-crore navi mumbai international airport kick-started last month with prime minister narendramodi laying the foundation stone for the first phase of the project on february 18, after more than two decades of its being conceived.
;;0.6652;;singh said the country had been facing challenges at several fronts, but praised the leadership of prime minister narendramodi for leading from the front.
;;-0.836;;suspended ips officer sanjiv bhatt today sought his joint examination with chief minister narendramodi and former dgp r b sreekumar before the nanavati-mehta commission in connection with the alleged undermining of judicial proceedings related to 2002 riots.
;;-0.4767;;in addition to my deposition before the commission,the latest affidavit of sreekumar also clearly refers to the direct role of narendramodi in undermining the judicial process connected with the gujarat riots of 2002, bhatt said in the letter.
;;-0.0516;;bjp sources indicated that the nda candidate will file the nomination papers on june 23 and prime minister narendramodi is expected to be present  he will leave for the us on june 24.
;;0.0;;khattar said under the able leadership of prime minister narendramodi , the country was progressing at a fast pace.
;;-0.8271;;just as prime minister narendramodi carried out an attack on terrorists in pakistan by breaking into their homes, we are capable of launching a similar attack.
;;0.7184;;the sena questioned the separate proposal to congratulate jaleel when there was a proposal to congratulate narendramodi and all the newly elected mps.
;;-0.296;;the letter accuses ambani of hurting sentiments of a minority community by supporting gujarat chief minister narendramodi and demands release of indian mujahideen operative danish.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on monday said certain pharma companies were upset about his governments decision to reduce the price of stents and certain medication.
;;0.0;;the two union ministers had stepped down after a meeting with prime minister narendramodi over the ap reorganisation act, 2014.
;;0.4404;;in his address from the ramparts of the red fort on the occasion of 70th independence day, prime minister narendramodi had talked about the situation in pakistan-occupied kashmir, gilgit and balochistan and said people from there have thanked him for raising their issues.
;;0.128;;megyn kelly with pm narendramodi and president vladimir putin (sputnik/alexei druzhinin/kremlin via reuters) megyn kelly with pm narendramodi and president vladimir putin (sputnik/alexei druzhinin/kremlin via reuters)ahead of the st. petersburg international economic forum in russia, megyn kelly held an exclusive interview for nbc news with prime minister narendramodi and the russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;b'posters announcing the visit by pm narendramodi and french president emmanuel macron in varanasi.
;;0.0;;(express photo by anand singh) posters announcing the visit by pm narendramodi and french president emmanuel macron in varanasi.
;;0.5994;;(express photo by anand singh)a day before prime minister narendramodi modis proposed visit to his home constituency with french president emmanuel macron, the uttar pradesh education department directed all schools in varanasi to ensure that students were present on monday to greet the two leaders.
;;0.7506;;(source: twitter/pmo)a day after he skipped congress president sonia gandhis lunch hosted for opposition parties to ostensibly decide on a presidential probable, bihar chief minister nitish kumar met prime minister narendramodi in delhi for a lunch hosted in honour of visiting mauritius prime minister anerood jugnauth.
;;0.5719;;i was invited by prime minister narendramodi for the lunch in the honour of mauritius prime minister (pravind jugnauth).
;;-0.5267;;he added that prime minister narendramodi was successful in getting global consensus and bringing the international community together to fight terrorism.
;;0.0;;bjp leaders have also briefed prime minister narendramodi about the developments, sources said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will unveil a giant bhagvad gita, running into 670 pages and weighing 800 kg, at the iskcon temple on february 26.
;;-0.2263;;the guilty will not be spared and there is no question of compromise on this issue, he said when asked about the lefts charge that chief minister mamata banerjee had reached a secret understanding with prime minister narendramodi to shield her party leaders whose name figured in the narada case.
;;-0.0772;;in his deposition before the commission,bhatt has made some serious allegations against the state government in general and against chief minister narendramodi and the then minister of state (home),amit shah,in particular.
;;0.3612;;national mazdoor conference (nmc) has urged prime minister narendramodi for an additional budgetary grant of rs 9,000 crore for jammu and kashmir.
;;0.3612;;national mazdoor conference (nmc) has urged prime minister narendramodi for an additional budgetary grant of rs 9,000 crore for jammu and kashmir.
;;0.2732;;national mazdoor conference (nmc) has urged prime minister narendramodi for an additional budgetary grant of rs 9,000 crore for jammu and kashmir to meet the expense of regularising 61,000 daily rated workers and implement the seventh pay commission recommendations.
;;0.4939;;national mazdoor conference extends its support to the initiatives taken by prime minister narendramodi and jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti in restoration of normalcy in kashmir, he added.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters)prime minister narendramodi addressed us congress on wednesday.
;;0.296;;b'prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)as uttar pradesh entered the last phase of assembly polls, prime minister narendramodi spoke about the prospects of a hung assembly in the state.
;;0.7783;;hitting out at opposition, she said the opposition parties are having a hard time accepting that prime minister narendramodi , a hindu, is thinking in favour of the muslims.
;;0.0;;now,chief minister narendramodi has become the poster boy for all corporates.
;;0.0;;former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee, prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh are its other members.
;;-0.4939;;president donald trump remarks on monday that prime minister narendramodi sought his mediation on the kashmir issue will damage the indo-us relations, ex-diplomats said.
;;0.5106;;the nomination of narendramodi as the bjps leading campaigner must have delighted you.
;;0.0;;todays confirmation of the date comes a day after prime minister narendramodi extended an invitation to prachanda to visit india at the earliest when nidhi called on him.
;;-0.3612;;notwithstanding a difficult political climate in india, prime minister narendramodi demonstrated the countrys leadership on the issue of climate change, the white house has said ahead of his crucial meeting with us president barack obama.
;;-0.7096;;on a visit to japan at a time when unprecedented violence at its car manufacturing plant at manesar in haryana has forced the maruti suzuki india limited to declare a lockout there,chief minister narendramodi went all out to woo japanese industry to invest in gujarat,promising them an environment where they feel at home.
;;0.2732;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi as well as the pmo, at almost every meeting, have been egging the railways to earn more from non-fare revenue modes.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , in an election speech in the state, had said that over 40 tmc legislators were in touch with the bjp.
;;-0.0572;;even as his government fends off the congresss suit boot ki sarkar jibe, prime minister narendramodi would not want to open another front.
;;0.25;;for long he was identified as the fringe who doesnt really come in the way of prime minister narendramodi modis vision of inclusiveness.
;;0.0;;soon after the announcement of yogi as chief minister, prime minister narendramodi reiterated his slogan of collective aspirations for development of india at the india today conclave.
;;-0.8402;;(express photo/file)congress president rahul gandhi on friday questioned prime minister narendramodi on the kathua and unnao rape cases and said the latters silence in the matter is unacceptable.
;;-0.8271;;in her petition,jafri had challenged the clean chit given by sit to chief minister narendramodi and 61 others who she had accused of complicity in the 2002 riots in which her husband and former congress mp ehsan jafri was killed at gulberg society,where they then lived.
;;0.0;;sonias last big event in gujarat was during sadbhavna mission programme when she tied a rakhi on chief minister narendramodi modis hands.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with home minister rajnath singh, foreign minister sushma swaraj, v naidu, arun jaitley at the eleventh inter-state council meeting, in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with home minister rajnath singh, foreign minister sushma swaraj, v naidu, arun jaitley at the eleventh inter-state council meeting, in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.6369;;launching indias act far east policy, prime minister narendramodi on thursday announced usd 1-billion line of credit for the development of russias the far east  this is the first-ever region-specific line of credit in a foreign country extended by india.
;;0.0;;swaraj said this was the message of prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee.
;;0.6956;;watch what else is making newson the khadi calendars and diaries row, owaisi said though prime minister narendramodi claims to be a follower of mahatma gandhi but when he got a chance he replaced the father of the nation on the symbols as he deemed it to be a fit time to hold the charkha.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi meets nepalese deputy prime minister bimalendra nidhi in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi meets nepalese deputy prime minister bimalendra nidhi in new delhi.
;;0.8271;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on saturday extended an invitation to new prime minister of nepal pushpa kamal dahal prachanda to visit india at the earliest while expressing commitment to strengthening traditional bonds of friendship and kinship.
;;-0.1779;;instead, the top leaders of both parties have sharpened the rhetoric during the campaign, making chief minister mamata banerjees claim to protect a liberal order and complaints by prime minister narendramodi and shah about polarisation and poll violence in bengal ring hollow.
;;0.0;;nitish kumar with narendramodi on saturday.
;;0.0;;pti file photo nitish kumar with narendramodi on saturday.
;;0.5423;;pti file photoa senior congress leader on thursday brushed aside chances of jd(u) joining hands with bjp following bihar chief minister nitish kumars recent luncheon meeting with prime minister narendramodi as only dreams.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.0;;(source: file) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.0;;this is the first meeting between doval and yang after prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping met at hangzhou on the sidelines of the g20 summit on september 4.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe motion to choose birla as the speaker was moved by prime minister narendramodi , who is also leader of the house, and passed by a voice vote.
;;-0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi claims he is the protector of religion and fights corruption.
;;-0.5267;;apasking beijing to respect and be sensitive to new delhis concerns and aspirations, prime minister narendramodi on sunday red-flagged a range of issues, in particular the china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec) that passes through pakistan-occupied kashmir (pok), a major source of terror that hurts india along its borders.
;;0.9552;;prime minister narendramodi at vibrant gujarat summit (file photo) prime minister narendramodi at vibrant gujarat summit (file photo)both states now in the hands of the bjp, assam and arunachal pradesh, have gone all out to woo investors during the ongoing vibrant gujarat global summit, with both states pointing out that the northeast was indias gateway to southeast asia, a market that could be best explored through this region.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi called up palaniswami to congratulate him.
;;0.0;;the move, which is intended to be a goodwill gesture, comes days after prime minister narendramodi met his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif in astana, the capital of kazhakstan.
;;0.8225;;2002 and giving intelligence analysis at the relevant time,the intelligence input and output for the period,movement of the state ib officers,copy of the diaries and the minutes of the officers who attended the meetings with the then minister of state (home),amit shah,and chief minister narendramodi and many other such documents.
;;0.0;;german chancellor angela merkel shakes hands with indian prime minister narendramodi following a news conference at the chancellery in berlin, germany.
;;0.0;;reuters/hannibal hanschke german chancellor angela merkel shakes hands with indian prime minister narendramodi following a news conference at the chancellery in berlin, germany.
;;0.5994;;reuters/hannibal hanschkeaddressing a joint press conference in berlin, prime minister narendramodi and german chancellor angela merkel on tuesday said they conducted a comprehensive review of bilateral relations and discussed new and upcoming opportunities and challenges in asia, europe and across the world.
;;0.0;;for live updates on pm narendramodi modis visit to germany, click here.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and russia president vladimir putin in ufa, russia.
;;0.0;;(file/reuters) prime minister narendramodi and russia president vladimir putin in ufa, russia.
;;0.0;;(file/reuters)less than a month after he held talks with president xi jinping in china, prime minister narendramodi will travel to russia on monday for an informal summit with president vladimir putin in sochi.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi has several times spoken about the benefits of yoga and also led a public yoga session on the first international yoga day on june 21, 2016, in new delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on his way from the airport to the circuit house in surat, sunday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on his way from the airport to the circuit house in surat, sunday.
;;-0.3612;;following a threat from the patidar protesters that they would release black balloons during the visit of prime minister narendramodi modis visit here, surat police have beefed up the security around the venue, kiran hospital, keeping a vigil on nearby residential areas to ensure that no outsider is allowed on the premises during the pms visit.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi arrived in surat on sunday evening, kickstarting his two-day gujarat visit.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at the inauguration of the mahagenco 1980 mw koradi thermal power project in nagpur, maharashtra on friday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi at the inauguration of the mahagenco 1980 mw koradi thermal power project in nagpur, maharashtra on friday.
;;0.4588;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi today dedicated 1980 mw of the koradi super-critical thermal power project of state-run mahagenco near nagpur in maharashtra to the nation.
;;0.4019;;baraut tehsil is barely 30 km from where prime minister narendramodi will, on sunday, throw open the countrys first smart highway, which touches the western up district of baghpat.
;;0.8316;;chief minister narendramodi today said it is high time that the police and various other security agencies develop modern and scientific methods to strengthen internal security with the help of skilled manpower.
;;0.6486;;he thanked the government of india, especially prime minister narendramodi , the national security advisor, and others part the team.
;;0.0;;she said she has sought an appointment with prime minister narendramodi to apprise him of the situation.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi , who is scheduled to be in gujarat on march 7 and 8, will also visit somnath temple near veraval for special worship.
;;0.4657;;read more hereindia will never forget the courage and sacrifice of bhagat singh, rajguru, sukhdev: pm modiearly wednesday morning, prime minister narendramodi paid tribute to freedom fighters shaheed bhagat singh, rajguru and sukhdev on their marytdom anniversary.
;;0.5719;;rupanis constituency of rajkot west is where prime minister narendramodi won his first electoral contest to become chief minister in 2002.
;;0.5106;;a live telecast of prime minister narendramodi modis speech to encourage digital payments being conducted at nagpur was also broadcasted.
;;0.0516;;speaking for the first time against attempts to politicise the stand-off by the ruling bjp, some opposition party leaders even read out statements made by prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah in the wake of the indian air force strikes on a jaish-e-mohammad training camp in pakistans balakot on tuesday.
;;0.6597;;because this is the same party which is part of a consolidated opposition, which is giving challenge to narendramodi , she said.
;;0.3818;;shopkeepers should also think on these lines and replace plastic bags, shah said referring to prime minister narendramodi modis resolve to make the country plastic-free.
;;0.0;;during the 14 years of chief ministership of narendramodi , more than 85 percent of the work was completed.
;;0.872;;also read: j&k debate should include j, k, ladakh, pok: pm narendramodi at all-party meetmeanwhile, in a statement given to ani, balochistan activist hammal haider baloch on saturday said, we welcome pm modis statement to support freedom movement of balochistan.
;;0.7391;;read: welcome pm narendramodi modis statement to support freedom movement of balochistan: baloch activistsinghs comments come a day after prime minister narendramodi reiterated at the all-party meeting convened on friday that jammu and kashmir is not only an issue of our territorial integrity but it also defines our nationalism.
;;0.4215;;b'the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi also approved that the final mbbs examination would be held as a common exam throughout the country.
;;0.4215;;(file) the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi also approved that the final mbbs examination would be held as a common exam throughout the country.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi also approved that the final mbbs examination would be held as a common exam throughout the country and would serve as an exit test to be called the national exit test (next).
;;0.0;;file photo narendramodi with tshering tobgay.
;;-0.4019;;sources told the indian express that tobgay conveyed to prime minister narendramodi , through diplomatic channels earlier this week, about his inability to push through the legislation.
;;-0.4939;;b'boxer mary kom bronze boxer mary kom bronzean ngo run by olympic medalist and rajya sabha mp mary kom has come under scanner for allegedly receiving foreign funds in violation of the foreign contribution regulation act just four days after it was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in imphal on march 16.
;;0.0;;earlier in the morning,chief minister narendramodi flagged off the race at the vaccine ground.
;;-0.1027;;asserting that the all-out attack by bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader subramanian swamy on reserve bank of india (rbi) governor raghuram rajan was just a ruse as the real target was arun jaitley, the congress on wednesday alleged that prime minister narendramodi had unleashed a ploy to sideline the finance minister.
;;0.0946;;prime minister narendramodi never had any faith either in democratic values or in constitutional statutory institutions.
;;0.0;;the official also said that prime minister narendramodi and kejriwal are both expected to be in close proximity of each other while in attendance at the international yoga day celebrations.
;;0.0;;the proposal had been mooted by prime minister narendramodi during his first address to the un general assembly in september last year.
;;0.5267;;watch video: pm narendramodi optimistic about brics summit: heres what he saidsince india is hosting the summit, it has invited countries from its eastern neighbourhood  under the umbrella of bimstec that includes bangladesh, myanmar, sri lanka, thailand, bhutan and nepal  for an outreach with the brics leaders.
;;0.2732;;so, brazil had called the latin american countries in fortaleza for an outreach with the brics leaders (that was prime minister narendramodi modis first multi-lateral outing), and russia had called the central asian and countries part of the sco (shanghai cooperation organisation).
;;0.0;;b'prime minister of india narendramodi (right), bjp national president amit shah (left) at uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath at his oath taking ceremoney at smriti upvan in lucknow.
;;0.0;;(express photo by vishal srivastav) prime minister of india narendramodi (right), bjp national president amit shah (left) at uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath at his oath taking ceremoney at smriti upvan in lucknow.
;;0.0516;;interestingly, the brief given by adityanath to his ministers is to adapt the style of governance employed at the centre by prime minister narendramodi where the pm works 18 hours a day to correct the mistakes of previous governments.
;;0.1901;;in a statement, she said that the government of prime minister narendramodi had on several occasions promised complete central assistance, but the states budget did not show that.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah at the inauguration of the combined bjp national executive committee meeting of all the morchas in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;amit mehra prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah at the inauguration of the combined bjp national executive committee meeting of all the morchas in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.3612;;indian ambassador ranjit rae said prime minister narendramodi modis two visits to nepal, soon after he took office, were proof of how much importance india attached to its relations with the northern neighbour.
;;-0.25;;he had yesterday met the prime minister narendramodi and demanded for immediate release of relief funds for the drought-hit state and for the damage caused by the cyclone vardah.
;;0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi had on wednesday announced that india successfully test-fired an anti-satellite missile by shooting down a live satellite, describing it as a rare achievement that puts the country in an exclusive club of space super powers.
;;-0.9246;;prime minister narendramodi modis condemnation of the brutal killings in the name of the cow is not enough.
;;0.4019;;cut-outs of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah near the party office, saturday.
;;0.4019;;praveen khanna cut-outs of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah near the party office, saturday.
;;0.4404;;(source: express photo by oinam anand)ahead of the second international yoga day to be observed tuesday, prime minister narendramodi said he had not anticipated the enormous enthusiasm for the occasion shown by countries across the world.
;;-0.7184;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi (pti photo) congress vice-president rahul gandhi (pti photo)setting the tone for congress campaign in assembly polls in five states, rahul gandhi today launched a no holds barred attack on prime minister narendramodi , accusing him of instilling fear among people and wrecking the economy through demonetisation, while asserting his party will unseat bjp from power in 2019.
;;-0.6249;;two years after losing presidentship of the gujarat cricket association (gca),narhari amin has asked his successor narendramodi to remove its vice-president amit shah for his alleged criminal background.
;;0.0;;at first, we thought it was because prime minister narendramodi had a rally there on june 13, a senior police officer said.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo)when the bjp was led to a majority on its own in the lok sabha in may 2014, there was real jubilation.
;;0.0;;in picture, prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) in picture, prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)the prime ministers office has called a meeting tomorrow to review the governments affordable housing programme as it targets to achieve housing for all by 2022.
;;0.4588;;on december 31, prime minister narendramodi had announced interest subsidy of up to 4 per cent on loans taken in the new year under the pradhan mantri awaas yojana.
;;0.0;;this may repeat if prime minister narendramodi and amit shah dont make immediate amends.
;;0.836;;launching the 63rd van mahotsav from mangadh hill in the panchmahals district,bordering rajasthan,chief minister narendramodi on monday announced that the state will celebrate the centenary of tribal reformist guru govind giris freedom movement next year.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi has adopted nagepur, a village dominated by backward castes, in his lok sabha constituency of varanasi under the second phase of saansad adarsh gram yojana (sagy).
;;0.4404;;rjd chief lalu prasad yadavs estranged brother-in-law and bihar congress leader anirudh prasad alias sadhu yadav,who met narendramodi here friday,feels that the gujarat chief minister has better qualities to become prime minister than rahul gandhi.
;;0.6124;;in comparison with rahul gandhi,i strongly believe that narendramodi has much better qualities to become prime minister of our country, yadav told reporters after his meeting with modi at his gandhinagar office.
;;0.6369;;on his first visit to bhutan in his second term, prime minister narendramodi met bhutans prime minister lotay tshering on saturday, and promised that indias support for bhutans five-year plans would continue in the future, based on thimphus priorities.
;;-0.296;;however, earlier today, prime minister narendramodi , speaking at the krishi unnati mela 2018, said that confusion was being spread about the budget decision to fix msp for crops, at least 1.
;;-0.6249;;a bjp source said, shiv sena showed no refrain from sparing even prime minister narendramodi when it came to use of derogatory language to criticise the policies at the centre.
;;0.1531;;b'file photo of bjp leader arun jaitley greets gujarat chief minister narendramodi after declaring him the partys prime ministerial candidate for 2014 lok sabha polls, in new delhi on friday.
;;0.1531;;(source: pti) file photo of bjp leader arun jaitley greets gujarat chief minister narendramodi after declaring him the partys prime ministerial candidate for 2014 lok sabha polls, in new delhi on friday.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley will be addressing the convention that will be inaugurated by party national president amit shah.
;;-0.4939;;(files)a bomb went off at the office of a hydroelectricity plant project in nepal, weeks before prime minister narendramodi was to lay the foundation stone.
;;-0.3182;;a fresh debate over jallikattu erupted once again with tamil nadu chief minister o pannerselvam writing to prime minister narendramodi over the ban.
;;-0.3182;;(file photo) a fresh debate over jallikattu erupted once again with tamil nadu chief minister o pannerselvam writing to prime minister narendramodi over the ban.
;;0.6808;;(file photo)days ahead of pongal, a harvest festival celebrated in parts of south india, a fresh debate over jallikattu erupted once again with tamil nadu chief minister o pannerselvam writing to prime minister narendramodi , requesting him to overturn the existing ban on the bull-taming sport.
;;0.0;;brics summit 2016: prime minister narendramodi address the working meet sunday morning.
;;0.0;;photo: mea india brics summit 2016: prime minister narendramodi address the working meet sunday morning.
;;-0.6808;;photo: mea indiaprime minister narendramodi on sunday hit out at pakistan, saying countries must work together against terrorism.
;;0.7351;;this confidence stems from the good governance of the bjp under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi at the centre and chief minister devendra fadnavis in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;ahead of the 2014 lok sabha polls, prime minister narendramodi had raised the issues of plight of the apple farmers.
;;0.4588;;to a question,eshwarappa said the state unit will certainly invite gujarat chief minister narendramodi for campaigning in the state.
;;-0.4215;;amid a row over inquiry against robert vadras land deals in haryana, prime minister narendramodi on friday rejected allegations of vendetta and insisted that there are no instructions from his government for conducting probe against any political party or dynasty.
;;0.0;;watch: narendramodi modis life in five milestonesthe sole intent is to defame, conspire and malign rather than examine the facts fairly.
;;0.4404;;(image- pmo/twitter)prime minister narendramodi on saturday met us defence secretary jim mattis in singapore, days after the pentagon renamed its pacific command as indo-pacific command in a largely symbolic move to signal indias importance to the us military.
;;0.7964;;advertisingjaishankar, who was addressing bjp supporters in ahmedabad as part of the partys nation-wide membership drive, said that things are changing under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and praised him for his efforts towards his vision of new india.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabha prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabhaspeaking against corruption and black money during his reply to the debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in rajya sabha, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the governments fight against corruption is not political.
;;0.0;;this happened for the first time: narendramodi on demonetisation5.
;;-0.7506;;the union cabinet headed by prime minister narendramodi had last month approved an ordinance allowing courts to award death penalty to those convicted of raping girls under 12 years.
;;-0.25;;gujarat pradesh congress committee (gpcc) on saturday held demonstrations and burnt effigies of prime minister narendramodi outside all the 33 district collectorates and eight mahanagarpalikas , demanding a supreme court monitored probe into what it calls rs 20,000 crore scam in krishna-godavari basin involving modi when he was chief minister of the state.
;;-0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi modis comment on the river indus, with the dark hint of retribution, sends out a chilling signal to pakistan.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted bow to the great bau jagjivan ram ji on his punya tithi.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted bow to the great bau jagjivan ram ji on his punya tithi.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday paid homage to veteran leader babu jagjivan ram on his death anniversary.
;;-0.34;;unidentified miscreants on wednesday evening opened fire in doomdooma and digboi in upper assam, prompting the army to launch an operation especially in view of the fact that the incident occurred two days ahead of prime minister narendramodi arriving on a day-long visit to the state.
;;0.0516;;a defence ministry spokes-person told the indian express, the war museum project worth rs 500 crore was approved by the cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi in october 2015.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will return with his monthly radio broadcast mann ki baat from june 30.
;;0.5719;;b'prime minister narendramodi celebrates his birthday today.
;;0.5719;;(pti/file) prime minister narendramodi celebrates his birthday today.
;;0.1531;;(pti/file)as the day began with prime minister narendramodi modis birthday today, wishes started pouring from leaders across the country and world.
;;0.5267;;in gandhinagar, the chief justice of india ts thakur also met pm narendramodi at raj bhawan.
;;0.8225;;best wishes to the prime minister narendramodi modiji on his birthday @narendramodi  office of rg (@officeofrg) september 17, 2016heartiest greetings to prime minister shri narendramodi on his birthday.
;;0.1531;;tim cook (@tim_cook) september 17, 2016best wishes to our pm narendramodi on his birthday.
;;0.2263;;rajdeep sardesai (@sardesairajdeep) september 17, 2016on his 66th birthday, prime minister narendramodi will announce projects worth nearly rs. 3,800 crore t limkheda in dahod district of gujarat.
;;0.0;;in a repeat of last year, orders have been sent to schools across punjab to arrange for a medium  radio, tv or big screens  to listen or watch prime minister narendramodi modis address live on september 4 to mark teachers day.
;;0.0772;;rjd spokesperson manoj jha said, for once we want narendramodi to see as the pm of india, not as an eternal campaigner for the sangh ideology.
;;0.0;;sharma, perhaps, is uninformed about the views stated on the idea of citizenship in the constitution, which prime minister narendramodi has repeatedly referred to as the nations only holy book.
;;0.4754;;advertisingjaitley ji played a very significant role in taking on the oppositions corruption, which led to the grand victory of party under prime minister narendramodi modis leadership in 2014lok sabha elections whether it was 2g scam or commonwealth scam, there were series of cases which exposed the opposition and credit goes to jaitley ji he said.
;;0.2732;;come january 26,chhota udepur will become states 28th district,after gir somnathchief minister narendramodi on monday announced the creation of 28th district in poll-bound gujarat,which will be called chhota udepur.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo)in the first major lateral hire by the nda government, prime minister narendramodi has appointed former mckinsey india chairman adil zainulbhai as the chief of the quality council of india (qci).
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to reach the city around 3 pm saturday and a roadshow will follow.
;;-0.1513;;(pti photo)while many are upset with the people for ethical treatment of animals (peta) for opposing jallikattu, in most protest venues slogans were raised against prime minister narendramodi and chief minister o. panneerselvam.
;;0.6249;;great person, she said after prime minister narendramodi laid wreath at the tomb of the unknown soldier and space shuttle columbia memorial at the arlington national cemetery.
;;0.0;;#watch pm narendramodi at arlington cemetery (washington d.c), lays wreath at tomb of the unknowns #modiinushttp://t.
;;-0.0772;;in his deposition before the commission,bhatt has levelled serious allegations against the state government in general,and chief minister narendramodi and the then minister of state (home),amit shah,in particular.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi congratulated isro on todays launch success.
;;0.7184;;calling india a true friend and partner, us president donald trump invited prime minister narendramodi to the us in his phone conversation last night.
;;0.743;;during a call with prime minister narendramodi of india, president trump emphasised that the us considers india a true friend and partner in addressing challenges around the world, the white house said in a statement.
;;0.3818;;another factor that weighed on the minds of voters was to bring a bjp government in the state to ensure conformity with the narendramodi government at the centre.
;;-0.4019;;the argument is that the bjp can then ensure that the sena is kept out of power, getting even for the bitter campaign the latter ran against prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi took to twitter and said namgyal coherently presents the aspirations of ladakhi people.
;;0.0;;the meeting was chaired by prime minister narendramodi at the rashtrapati bhavan.
;;0.7678;;(express file photo)a day after prime minister narendramodi lavished praise on him at an election rally in karnataka, jds supremo h d deve gowda today sought to play it down, saying it did not mean both parties were cosying up to each other.
;;0.0;;megyn kelly with pm narendramodi and president vladimir putin (sputnik/alexei druzhinin/kremlin via reuters) megyn kelly with pm narendramodi and president vladimir putin (sputnik/alexei druzhinin/kremlin via reuters)popular journalist megyn kelly had a brief egg-on-the-face moment in st petersburg, russia when she asked prime minister narendramodi , the second-most followed political leader on twitter, whether he was on twitter.
;;0.7269;;riding on the passage of the flagship food security bill,despite a challenging economic environment, the congress on tuesday hit out at chief minister narendramodi modis development plank and took on socialist and left parties saying they too did not come up with such a step.
;;0.0;;former tamil nadu chief minister jayalalithaa had repeatedly raised the issue at the centre, requesting prime minister narendramodi to intervene.
;;-0.5267;;asking a supplementary to a question about railway accidents, digvijaya recalled prime minister narendramodi modis speech in gonda, the police have found a huge conspiracy which was hatched by the people sitting on the other side of the border.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had carried out its jal poojan in 2016.
;;0.0;;the stage is set for the formation of the new nda government with prime minister narendramodi holding a marathon meeting lasting around five hours tuesday at his residence with bjp president amit shah, sources told the indian express.
;;0.0;;the development came a day after panneerselvam called on prime minister narendramodi in delhi to discuss the issues concerning tamil nadu.
;;-0.128;;earlier, bjp leaders were booked for cutting trees near prime minister narendramodi modis rally venue in thakurnagar february 2.
;;0.128;;he was instrumental in bringing prime minister narendramodi to thakurnagar in north 24 parganas district (headquarters of matua community) from where modi launched a poll campaign in west bengal.
;;-0.5994;;(source: express archive)prime minister narendramodi condoled the death of environment minister anil dave who passed away on thursday morning at delhis aiims hospital.
;;-0.3182;;twitter.com/f7bffzkgau  adg (m&c) dpr (@spokespersonmod) july 23, 2019the national war memorial was dedicated by prime minister narendramodi in february this year to honour army personnel who were killed in various conflicts, ci/ ct operations, un peacekeeping operations and humanitarian operations.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will hold a rally in mathura, the birthplace of rss idealogue deen dayal upadhyay, to kick off the celebrations on may 25.
;;-0.6486;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi (pti photo) congress vice-president rahul gandhi (pti photo)congress vice-president rahul gandhi wednesday launched an attack on prime minister narendramodi sharply criticising the governments demonetisation move.
;;0.4019;;(file photo)in the wake of remarks by a senior rss functionary advocating review of reservation policy, union minister ramdas athawale today said the constitution has given reservation to sc/sts and the nda government and prime minister narendramodi support it.
;;0.296;;the community, which was recently lauded by prime minister narendramodi for its religious tolerance and universal brotherhood, has found its name included in the details of sects/religions clubbed under specific religious community data released by the government last week.
;;-0.2263;;earlier this month, patole wrote to prime minister narendramodi , demanding a cbi probe in this regard.
;;-0.7351;;(ani)in the wake of the bihar boat tragedy, prime minister narendramodi modis event marking the state of redevelopment work of mahatma gandhi setu in patna, bihar has been postponed.
;;0.0;;at the event, trump spoke about narendramodi , his likeness of mumbai and the relations between india and us under the trump administration.
;;0.4927;;* i look forward to working with prime minister narendramodi who has been very energetic in reforming indias bureaucracy.
;;-0.8481;;mufti is learnt to have told prime minister narendramodi during a 25-minute meeting that the situation in kashmir is grim, and people are getting killed regularly.
;;-0.5267;;the senas statement comes immediately after a veiled threat by janata dal (united) leader and bihar chief minister nitish kumar against projecting gujarat chief minister narendramodi as bjps pm candidate.
;;0.0;;without naming prime minister narendramodi , he said, so, somebody hit an idea in his head, he decided to go on television and announce demonetisation, and the hit is rs 1.
;;0.0;;uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav on friday sent a letter to prime minister narendramodi requesting that the budget be presented after the assembly elections.
;;0.6124;;(source: ani)the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on monday slammed its rival parties for questioning the appointment of hindutva icon yogi adityanath as uttar pradesh chief minister, asserting that akin prime minister narendramodi , the newly inducted state chief will also work only on the line of development.
;;0.1779;;noting that the nia, a central agency, besides telangana and madhya pradesh police coordinated with each other in the operation, he claimed that it was an example of team india spirit which prime minister narendramodi has often spoken about.
;;0.6369;;during the poll campaign, prime minister narendramodi , too, had promised loan waivers for farmers if his party came to power in the state.
;;0.25;;the move, official sources said, comes after chief minister mamata banerjees chance to speak at the inter-state council meeting, chaired by prime minister narendramodi in delhi earlier this month, came at the very end.
;;0.0;;this is not only narendramodi modis idea or effort.
;;0.4215;;twitter.com/e3uizfxn1r  ani (@ani) september 23, 2019trumps meeting with khan comes a day after he met prime minister narendramodi at a mega event in houston, texas organised to mark modis visit to the united states.
;;0.0258;;in july, this year, trump, after meeting the pakistan pm, claimed that prime minister narendramodi had also asked him to mediate on the matter.
;;-0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi expressed his condolences over the loss of lives in the accident, describing it as heart-rending.
;;-0.5994;;he said that prime minister narendramodi had lost his clean image after the karnataka elections and that the bjp had no shame when it came to inducting corrupt people.
;;0.5859;;the resolution, passed on the third and final day of the tdp conclave, also stated that the unilateral style of functioning of the narendramodi government has led to loss of faith and trust of the states over the central government.
;;0.0;;pdp president and former j&k chief minister mehbooba mufti on wednesday urged prime minister narendramodi to declare ceasefire in the state after the amarnath yatra.
;;0.3612;;india will raise the target of restoring degraded land from 21 million hectares to 26 million hectares, prime minister narendramodi said on monday at the 14th conference of parties to united nations convention to combat desertification (unccd).
;;0.6908;;(pib twitter)the first meeting of the national committee for commemoration of the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi, held in delhi on wednesday, resolved to create a smaller executive committee chaired by prime minister narendramodi for better planning.
;;0.0;;reddy wanted to know from prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj about the diplomatic efforts being made by the government to address the issue.
;;-0.4767;;security concernsafter the home ministrys warning about the is planning an aerial attack in new delhi, several events, which were to be attended by prime minister narendramodi , may have to carry on without his attendance.
;;-0.296;;she said no meeting has so far been scheduled between prime minister narendramodi and his pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana, kazakhstan on june 8-9.
;;0.0;;after the tremendous schmoozefest attended by prime minister narendramodi in palo alto, one would scarcely have expected facebooks first big push in india to face such heavy weather.
;;0.7003;;aware of the international spotlight on jammu and kashmir after it removed its special status, split it and downgraded the state into a union territory, the nda government is keen to avoid any escalation that can draw further global attention to the issue ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to united nations general assembly on september 27, sources told the indian express.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis office has intimated the rashtrapati bhavan that the cabinet expansion will take place tuesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis office has intimated the rashtrapati bhavan that the cabinet expansion will take place tuesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will on tuesday reshuffle his council of ministers at a ceremony to be held at rashtrapati bhavan.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to arrive in gujarat on january 9 for the vibrant gujarat global investors summit.
;;-0.9559;;b'kathua, unnao case: the father of the 8-year-old girl, who was gangraped and killed, in udhampur (express photo/shuaib masoodi) kathua, unnao case: the father of the 8-year-old girl, who was gangraped and killed, in udhampur (express photo/shuaib masoodi)breaking his silence on the gangrape and murder of an eight-year-old girl in j&ks kathua and the alleged rape of a teenager in ups unnao, which sparked outrage across the country, prime minister narendramodi said friday that our daughters will definitely get justice.
;;0.4019;;bjp national president amit shah had addressed on may 31 a sardar patel kisan mahasammelan in jhunsi, another obc-dominated area in allahabad, the district where the saffron party held its national executive committee meeting where prime minister narendramodi addressed parivartan rally earlier this month.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to visit the us in september for the upcoming un general assembly meeting and is likely to address indian-americans in houston during his trip, community leaders said friday.
;;0.0;;swamy said prime minister narendramodi correctly pointed out that the power in this regard had already been given to the press council of india.
;;0.0;;earlier, at a function, fadnavis in presence of prime minister narendramodi in nagpur had said, the state government intends to attain housing for all in both urban and rural areas by year 2021.
;;-0.8625;;b'mann ki baat: on his monthly radio programme mann ki baat, prime minister narendramodi addressed the kashmir violence issue that has killed 70 people.
;;-0.8625;;mann ki baat: on his monthly radio programme mann ki baat, prime minister narendramodi addressed the kashmir violence issue that has killed 70 people.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday once again reiterated his governments stand on the on-going violence in kashmir, saying those responsible for the loss of lives will be answerable to people.
;;0.2263;;watch videoon saturday, jammu kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti met with prime minister narendramodi , following which she urged protesters to give her government a chance saying it was only pm modis government that could solve the kashmir issue.
;;0.0;;this was prime minister narendramodi modis 23rd mann ki baat address.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi speaking in lok sabha (youtube) prime minister narendramodi speaking in lok sabha (youtube)prime minister narendramodi replied to the discussion on motion of thanks to the presidents joint address to the parliament on budget day.
;;-0.8074;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)a month after the uk parliament discussed a resolution on kashmir, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday drew the attention of british mps to terrorism, extremism and radicalisation and urged them to raise a collective voice against these problems.
;;0.3182;;after kerala labour minister shibu baby johns meeting with gujarat chief minister narendramodi stirred a row,the left has trained its guns on sree narayana mutt at varkala for inviting the bjp leader as chief guest at a function on april 24.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with iranian president hassan rouhan during their meeting in tehran, iran.
;;0.0;;(file photo: pti) prime minister narendramodi with iranian president hassan rouhan during their meeting in tehran, iran.
;;0.0;;the hc was hearing a petition moved by jan sangharsh manch,a voluntary organisation,demanding direction to the commission to summon chief minister narendramodi and others.
;;0.4215;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , maliwal listed out her six demands, which included the passage of the ordinance, recruitment of police personnel as per the united nations standards and fixing accountability of the police force.
;;-0.4939;;the bomb disposal squad of gujarat has left for patna to study the serial blasts that rocked chief minister narendramodi modis hunkar rally.
;;0.0;;the district is adjacent to bareilly, where prime minister narendramodi is going to address a kisan kalyan rally on sunday.
;;0.4588;;pm modi receives his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina at delhi airport (source: @narendramodi/twitter) pm modi receives his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina at delhi airport (source: @narendramodi/twitter)prime minister narendramodi arrived at the new delhi airport friday to welcome his visiting counterpart from bangladesh, sheikh hasina.
;;0.4767;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that sainthood for mother teresa is a memorable and proud moment, after her canonisation at the vatican.
;;-0.3182;;taking a dig at gujarat chief minister narendramodi over his public rally in hyderabad on sunday,senior congress leader digvijaya singh said that the bjp had lost polls wherever the former campaigned for it in the past.
;;0.3612;;b'representational image/ file photo representational image/ file photothe bihar government today assured prime minister narendramodi of making arrangement for online registration of firs in all police stations by next july.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi has announced a high-level inquiry committee headed by retired chief secretary manjula subramaniam to probe into the incident.
;;0.5574;;the bjp-led government in the state has already made it clear that it wants to complete the land acquisition process for the project  prime minister narendramodi modis dream project, by december this year.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has become the most followed world leader on instagram.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi has become the most followed world leader on instagram.
;;0.0;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi has now become the most followed world leader on instagram.
;;0.0;;b'the chandigarh international airport was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on september 11, 2015.
;;0.0;;the chandigarh international airport was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on september 11, 2015.
;;0.0;;the chandigarh international airport was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on september 11, 2015.
;;0.0;;later, prime minister narendramodi congratulated amarinder on twitter.
;;0.4588;;president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi with cyprus president nicos anastasiades during his ceremonial welcome at the rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on friday.
;;0.4588;;pti photo president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi with cyprus president nicos anastasiades during his ceremonial welcome at the rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on friday.
;;0.0;;pti photocyprus president nicos anastasiades, who is on a five-day state visit to india, met prime minister narendramodi on friday and discussed various bilateral, regional and international issues.
;;0.0;;the ongoing development projects, announced as part of the rs 80,000 crore package announced by prime minister narendramodi , would also be reviewed in the meeting, another official said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had visited all the three regions of the state  ladakh, srinagar and jammu  late last month.
;;0.0;;s-vyasa chancellor dr h r nagendra is prime minister narendramodi modis yoga guru.
;;-0.9442;;share this article related article fighting diabetes through yoga, ayush activities focus in 2016fighting diabetes through yoga, ayush activities focus in 2016 pmo sets 3-month deadline for cancer screening frameworkpmo sets 3-month deadline for cancer screening framework story on ayush not recruiting muslims heavily fabricated: mos shripad naikstory on ayush not recruiting muslims heavily fabricated: mos shripad naik 7 ministries partner yoga meet hosted by university of pm modis guru7 ministries partner yoga meet hosted by university of pm modis guru had no idea pm narendramodi would do yoga on rajpath: ayush minister shripad naikhad no idea pm narendramodi would do yoga on rajpath: ayush minister shripad naik swine flu: naik says government sending ayurvedic meds to statespeople who do yoga regularly need not undergo chemotherapy, he added.
;;0.34;;however,most muslim leaders have reportedly declined the offer realising that they had only trophy value for chief minister narendramodi that would last till the 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;west bengal bjps plans for a civic reception for gujarat chief minister narendramodi at a stadium here during his visit on april 9 have hit a hurdle with the mamata banerjee government saying the venue was not available on that day.
;;0.0;;we wanted to give a civic reception to narendramodi on april 9 at netaji indoor stadium,but we were told that booking was not available on that date, state bjp spokesman ritesh tiwari here said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will interact with the students at five centres of the event, including the ahmedabad centre.
;;0.0;;chinese president xi jinping shakes hands with prime minister narendramodi at brics summit in goa.
;;0.0;;(source: ani) chinese president xi jinping shakes hands with prime minister narendramodi at brics summit in goa.
;;0.0;;(source: ani)shortly after concluding delegation-level talks with russian president vladimir putin, prime minister narendramodi held bilateral talks with chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , who arrived in the state friday night, will be hosting a dinner for the state heads sunday night.
;;-0.6705;;gadkari, however, refrained from making any adverse comment against ncp president sharad pawar, who had dashed a seven-page letter to prime minister narendramodi , arguing that a pm-led committee would be detrimental to the autonomy to civic body which governs mumbai.
;;0.4215;;kumar said both sides were also expected to review the progress made on decisions taken during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to myanmar in september 2017.
;;0.7845;;the baloch cause for freedom received a major boost after prime minister narendramodi brought up pakistani atrocities on people of balochistan and of pok in his independence day speech.
;;-0.8225;;(express photo by rohit jain paras/file)prime minister narendramodi has been the biggest victim of political intolerance and from gujarat to delhi political conspiracies were hatched against him by frustrated forces who have been defeated by the people of the country, union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said today.
;;0.5423;;the minister said the vision of prime minister narendramodi was to make food a national asset.
;;-0.0516;;maintaining that tdp leaders have realised that breaking ties with the bjp was a big mistake, raju said, they now acknowledge that prime minister narendramodi and his government are development- and growth-oriented, and that people across the country support him and the bjp overwhelmingly.
;;0.0;;chants of modi, modi rang through as prime minister narendramodi entered the house on monday when the 17th lok sabha assembled for the first time.
;;-0.6486;;slamming the governments of both prime minister narendramodi and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, he charged them with betraying people.
;;0.4019;;the expansive prospect for indias strategic partnership with france unveiled in delhi on saturday by prime minister narendramodi and the visiting president, emmanuel macron, underlines the growing importance of middle power coalitions that transcend the traditional alliance frameworks and new geopolitical fault lines.
;;0.0;;it had all the dimensions of individualism and theatre that have become the hallmark of pm narendramodi modis politics.
;;0.0772;;in the same year, nearly a month after prime minister narendramodi announced the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, it was reported that a record number of 564 maoists surrendered in the last 28 days.
;;0.0;;b'former kerala cm oommen chandy (pti photo) former kerala cm oommen chandy (pti photo)kerala chief minister, pinarayi vijayan today said prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the prestigious kochi metro project.
;;-0.296;;manikant patel has travelled 80 kilometres,from bharuch to vadodara,for a red traditional turban worn by gujarat chief minister narendramodi during a public function last year.
;;0.3818;;the notice was issued two days after prime minister narendramodi sent a strong message to the party rank and file, saying arrogance and misbehaviour would not be tolerated irrespective of whoever it may be, whoevers son he may be.
;;0.2235;;jaishankars comments came a day after prime minister narendramodi had said that connectivity in itself cannot override or undermine the sovereignty of other nations.
;;0.7096;;crediting the partys spectacular victory to the united team work, bapat said, all the local leaders, including laxman jagtap and mahesh landge, spared no effort in ensuring partys victoryit is clear that the plans and policies pursued by prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis have got a thumbs up from the voters.
;;0.6369;;at least two persons familiar with what transpired at the meeting of the core committee  it was attended by prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley, sushma swaraj, m venkaiah naidu and nitin gadkari  said that the best course of action for bjp leaders is to stand trial and get acquittal.
;;0.4939;;kamlesh shah, a hotel manager who lives near the collectors office, says the drive picked up pace when prime minister narendramodi praised the initiative on his radio programme mann ki baat.
;;0.4019;;some credit also goes to senior politicians  siddaramaiah, his counterpart in tamil nadu, j. jayalalithaa and even prime minister narendramodi  who have since refused to take sides and fan base sentiments.
;;0.6908;;taking to twitter, indias external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said dendrobrium narendramodi is a strong and robust tropical orchid.
;;0.1779;;chinas move to extend the technical hold comes ahead of the expected meeting between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping in goa during the brics summit on october 15-16.
;;0.8074;;b'prime minister narendramodi (r) with union ministers arun jaitley (c) and ravi shankar prasad at parliament house in new delhi (express photo/praveen jain/file) prime minister narendramodi (r) with union ministers arun jaitley (c) and ravi shankar prasad at parliament house in new delhi (express photo/praveen jain/file)the union law ministry on thursday consented to the social justice ministrys proposal to challenge the supreme courts recent order on the scheduled caste and scheduled tribes atrocities (prevention) act, 1989, sources told the indian express.
;;0.0;;the letter has been sent in response to bjp leader arun jaitleys letter to pm last month,alleging the misuse of cbi in police encounter cases in gujarat with a view to falsely implicate chief minister narendramodi and a few others in these cases.
;;-0.5994;;the cbi has not investigated narendramodi even though evidence warranted it; the investigations have been slow and misdirected; and,contrary to jaitleys claims,there appears to be a wilful design of the cbi of not treading on territory inconvenient to modi because the cbi perhaps considers him to be a rising star in indian politics, he argued.
;;0.0;;coomi kapoor: prime minister narendramodi was also a student of alliance francaise.
;;-0.7579;;bhatt was arrested on september 30 in connection with an fir filed against him by police constable k d pant in june for allegedly threatening him and making him sign false affidavits regarding a meeting called by chief minister narendramodi on february 27,2002,hours after the godhra train carnage.
;;-0.2023;;anna raps modi: why arrest bhattralegan siddhi: anti-corruption crusader anna hazare on tuesday came out against chief minister narendramodi saying he had done wrong by arresting ips officer sanjeev bhatt since the matter was with the supreme court.
;;0.0;;iamc said the cbi should be tasked with conducting a full-scale investigation into the allegations made by bhatt against the chief minister narendramodi and other state functionaries.
;;0.6369;;the uttar pradesh chief minister also lavished praise on prime minister narendramodi saying that before modi took over, people had no faith in their representatives.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on monday said that officials are considering whether to upgrade facilities within the present parliament house, or to construct a new building.
;;-0.0964;;the duo of prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah rid us of this pain (article 370) like krishna-arjun, fulfilling the dream of sardar patel, he said.
;;0.3612;;gujaratchief minister vijay rupani credited pm narendramodi and home minister amit shah with making this independence day a historic day with the decisions on jammu and kashmir.
;;0.3612;;goaleaders like sp mookerjee and ab vajpayee strived for years for a single identity, what they called bhartitiva, which was finally achieved under the leadership of pm narendramodi , chief minister pramod sawant said in his independence speech.
;;0.7469;;arunachal pradeshadvertisingpema khandu congratulated pm narendramodi on the decisions on j&k, and said, the provisions of article 371 are inclusive in nature, but those of article 370 are primarily divisive i assure the people of my state that the provisions of article 371-h will continue to stay in force and the same had been categorically assured in parliament by the centre.
;;0.1027;;telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao on friday met prime minister narendramodi in delhi and raised several issues, including request for funds for the kaleswaram irrigation project and handing over some defence land here to build a new state secretariat complex.
;;0.7506;;(source: file)the cumulative installed capacity of renewable energy has crossed 44 gigawatts and phenomenal progress has been made in other key infrastructure sectors like aviation and railways, a meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi was told on monday.
;;0.128;;on november 8, prime minister narendramodi declared that the rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes would cease to be legal tender from midnight.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/dsh25mtgxb  anil kumble (@anilkumble1074) 18 april 2019the lok sabha elections will see prime minister narendramodi attempting to retain power.
;;0.7506;;while many muslims in the city have welcomed the move,some have distanced themselves from the event,which is being seen as a strategic step to extend an olive branch to chief minister narendramodi who is a being tipped as a strong prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.0;;loong, who arrived in the national capital on monday on a five-day visit to india, had held talks with prime minister narendramodi on tuesday.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi incidentally chose madarihat to launch his scathing attack on chief minister mamata banerjee on april 7.
;;0.4588;;shankar lama, the owner of a restuarant on the highway connecting madarihat and jalpaiguri, said: every since narendramodi came here and delivered his lecture, bjp has become the favorite.
;;0.34;;i will work for you and you have the assurance of narendramodi that there will be change.
;;-0.6808;;(source: shantanu & nikhil, facebook and file photo)the national conference on saturday hit out prime minister narendramodi for asking kashmiri youths to choose between tourism and terrorism, saying the remark was far from ground realities.
;;-0.2023;;minister of external affairs s jaishankar tuesday rebutted malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamads claim that prime minister narendramodi did not request the extradition of controversial islamic preacher zakir naik when the two leaders met earlier this month.
;;0.3182;;mehbooba asked prime minister narendramodi to initiate talks with all stakeholders for a lasting solution in kashmir.
;;0.0;;ruttes visit comes within a year of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the european nation.
;;0.0;;(pti photo)dmk working president mk stalin on sunday wondered how prime minister narendramodi could meet aiadmk (puratchi thalaivi amma) leader o panneerselvam but not the farmers or himself, who wanted to take up their cause with him.
;;0.7506;;two days ago, prime minister narendramodi during an election rally at uttar pradesh congratulated the party for the success in the first two phases of the polls of the three-tier panchayat polls.
;;0.0;;the summit, which was inaugurated on january 10 by prime minister narendramodi , concluded on thursday.
;;0.0;;after returning from israel, jagan is scheduled to visit new delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi , finance minister nirmala sitharaman and home minister amit shah to seek funds and aid for andhra pradesh.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with his dutch counterpart mark rutte in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;(renuka puri) prime minister narendramodi with his dutch counterpart mark rutte in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.2263;;after the bilateral meeting between prime minister narendramodi and his dutch counterpart mark rutte, a joint statement named pakistan-based terror outfits jaish-e-mohammed, hizbul mujahideen and lashkar-e-toiba along with al-qaida and is which are threatening peace and security in south asia and europe.
;;0.0;;and it has sent a letter to prime minister narendramodi asking for reforms.
;;0.4939;;this is height of double speak that you (gandhi) come here and comment on prime minister narendramodi if you had the strength, you would have made arrangement for fertiliser for the farmers here, she said.
;;-0.8225;;at a press conference in dehradun, the cm rejected the allegations, and accused prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah of joining hands with greedy congress rebels and some so-called journalists who blackmail politicians.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi had also condemned the attack last week.
;;0.6597;;the party also said prime minister narendramodi and bharatiya janata party chief amit shah should ask adiyanath not to make such remarks in the future.
;;0.3182;;madhya pradesh would be the first state to shift the financial year to january-december after prime minister narendramodi supported the idea at niti aayogs governing council meet held in delhi recently.
;;0.6164;;not to forget the fact that the sena would not forget prime minister narendramodi modis comments calling sena an extortionist party (hafta party).
;;-0.8316;;prime minister narendramodi visited pathankot, the site of a terrorist attack in punjab on january 2.
;;0.0;;(source: gurmeet singh)6:00 pm:prime minister narendramodi visited #pathankot air base today alongwith nsa ajit doval (source: pmo) pic.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/cyd56suhnm  ani (@ani_news) january 9, 20165:38 pm:pm narendramodi visited different areas of pathankot airbase today (source: pib) pic.
;;-0.6124;;to a question, the leader of opposition in the tamil nadu assembly said efforts to get the protesting farmers in delhi an appointment with prime minister narendramodi had yielded no result so far.
;;0.0;;the bjp-led nda government started its second term as prime minister narendramodi and the other ministers of his council took the oath of office on may 30.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)narendra modi is expected to visit israel by the middle of this year, a first by any indian prime minister to the jewish nation.
;;-0.886;;prime minister narendramodi condemned the horrific attack in munich and said his prayers are with the families of the deceased.
;;-0.8074;;while his affidavit in the supreme court implicating chief minister narendramodi is causing a storm,sanjiv bhatt has been fighting a legal battle at gujarat high court to get criminal proceedings against him related to a custodial torture case quashed.
;;0.6369;;prime minster narendramodi had recently called a meeting to review the scarcity-affected areas and it emerged that gujarat is best in the country in usage of drip irrigation system, she said.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi had also launched the skill india programme to offer vocational training to roughly 40 crore people by 2022.
;;0.2732;;indias prime minister narendramodi , for instance, aims to put in place 175 gigawatts of renewable energy by 2022  approaching the entire electrical generating capacity of germany today, saran said.
;;0.0;;earlier in june, during the first meeting of the governing council on national skill development mission (nsdm) held under the chairmanship of prime minister narendramodi in new delhi, mehbooba said there was consensus among the participants that skill development has to be area-specific and need-based to make the initiative productive.
;;-0.4939;;slamming the government, opposition leader in the kerala assembly ramesh chennithala said they were also following the foot steps of narendramodi government on insulting gandhi.
;;-0.4767;;the bjp-led central government had been under attack for replacing the image of mahatma gandhi with that of prime minister narendramodi in the calender and diary of khadi and village industries commission.
;;0.7351;;(source: aicc/twitter)after taking part in a token fast, called by the congress as part of the partys nationwide programme for harmony and peace, aicc president rahul gandhi on monday lashed out at prime minister narendramodi , pointing out that some of bjps own mps have called him casteist and anti-dalit.
;;0.0;;kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan also wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi , highlighting his governments disapproval over the move.
;;0.0;;the cell will also write to the union environment ministry, prime minister narendramodi and chief minister mamata banerjee over the issue.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi will pay a three-day visit to the uae and bahrain beginning august 23 and hold extensive talks with top leaders of the two countries on bilateral, regional and global issues of mutual interest.
;;0.4019;;modi set for his first appearance as core bjp team membernew delhi:chief minister narendramodi will make his first appearance as member of bjps central election committee which meets here on friday to decide on the party candidates for the may 5 karnataka elections.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi said his demise was a personal loss and that he was with dave late wednesday evening discussing key policy issues.
;;0.4574;;advertisingwhile priyanka in haryana likened prime minister narendramodi with duryodhan from the mahabharat, saying india has never forgiven arrogance and pride, shah, addressing a rally in west bengal, hit back, saying may 23 (the day lok sabha results will be announced) will determine who is duryodhan and who is arjun.
;;0.2732;;(source: file)former jammu kashmir chief minister dr farooq abdullah and president of the opposition national conference on tuesday asked prime minister narendramodi to personally lead an initiative on political outreach towards the people of kashmir.
;;-0.6249;;he also appealed to prime minister narendramodi to not act as a bjp worker and hold police accountable for the february 22 violence.
;;0.4767;;he also lashed out at prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, accusing them of hatching various conspiracies to win the up election.
;;0.0;;(file)renowned lawyer ram jethmalani has called for formation of a third front led by west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee to oust prime minister narendramodi in the next lok sabha elections.
;;0.0772;;i want mamata banerjee to lead the third front to oust prime minister narendramodi in the next general elections.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi would inaugurate a conclave of women sarpanchs from across the country at gandhinagar on march 8.
;;0.0;;(representational image) prime minister narendramodi would inaugurate a conclave of women sarpanchs from across the country at gandhinagar on march 8.
;;0.0;;(representational image)prime minister narendramodi would inaugurate a conclave of women sarpanchs from across the country at gandhinagar on march 8.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo)congress on tuesday dubbed as a vote-garnering exercise the union cabinet expansion with an eye on poll-bound states and said prime minister narendramodi modis tall claim of minimum government, maximum governance has been reduced to another gimmick.
;;0.0;;(pti photo)barely days after prime minister narendramodi flagged off the mahamana express, pictures of unkempt coaches are doing rounds on social media.
;;0.4019;;tamil nadu chief minister o. panneerselvam met prime minister narendramodi on thursday, urging him to pass ordinance on the support.
;;0.5574;;in view of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the state on may 19, the police and security forces are maintaining high alert.
;;0.0;;of the many quotes circulating on whatsapp and facebook attributed to dabi is one that involves prime minister narendramodi and dr b r ambedkar.
;;-0.1531;;the farmers also appealed to prime minister narendramodi to institute an investigation and expose the opaque working of who-fctc and ngo operations in india who orchestrated atrocities against farmers.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said that mobile phones were banned from his meetings because he often found officers checking social media sites in the midst of official discussions.
;;0.0;;the west bengal assembly elections will not see as much of prime minister narendramodi as the bihar polls did.
;;0.4019;;the rajya sabha mp said he will speak to prime minister narendramodi and persuade him to talk to sena president uddhav thackeray on continuing the alliance between the two saffron parties.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi on monday congratulated president-elect of france emmanuel macron after he was declared victorious following a tough battle with marine le pen.
;;-0.743;;#presidentielle2017  narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 8, 2017i have heard the anger, anxiety and doubts that a large number of you expressed, macron said in a speech at his campaign headquarters in paris.
;;0.1531;;the gujarat high court has allowed removal of names of prime minister narendramodi and former state chief secretary varesh sinha as respondents from a petition challenging a central administrative tribunal (cat) order quashing a charge sheet against former ips officer rahul sharma in a 2002 cd case.
;;0.0;;hitting out at prime minister narendramodi , he alleged after becoming the prime minister, most of the time, narendramodi is in flying mode.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe had laid the foundation stone of the station last year.
;;0.7624;;the 2018 agreement is said to be a more detailed and improved version of the 2015 pact signed between the two countries when prime minister narendramodi visited seychelles.
;;0.5859;;at the same time, krepon was of the view that while the prime minister narendramodi might be successful in isolating diplomatically, three major powers the us, russia and china might not be willing to do so as of now.
;;0.1901;;the nhai counsel told the court that the expressway was scheduled to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on april 29 but it could not be done due to his prior commitments.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is also likely to address a rally in kanpur on july 15 on the first anniversary of skill india mission.
;;-0.3612;;at his meeting with ministers, the cm called for the adoption of the working style of the central government  where prime minister narendramodi worked for 18 hours daily  to rectify the mistakes of the past 15 years.
;;-0.2263;;file photoamidst politics over prime minister narendramodi modis mention of balochistan in his independence day speech, bjp mp nishikant dubey has demanded introducing of a bill announcing lok sabha seats in pakistan-occupied- kashmir (pok).
;;0.7506;;prime minister narendramodi had made an aerial survey of puri and khurda districts on may 6 and the centre had thereafter released rs 1,000 crore as interim assistance to carry out relief and rescue operation.
;;-0.1027;;on friday, kejriwal had challenged prime minister narendramodi to work without the officers attending his meetings.
;;0.3818;;while the opposition gave sole credit to prime minister narendramodi and union finance minister arun jaitley, congress leaders recalled how former pm dr manmohan singh and two former finance ministers, pranab mukherjee and p chidambaram, worked for the passage of the bill.
;;0.8625;;the initiatives of the government under the dynamic leadership of prime minister narendramodi is a good beginning and we need to sustain and nurture this with active participation from all segments of the society, the president said.
;;-0.2023;;(source: ap)a kashmiri pandit organisation on august 10 assailed prime minister narendramodi for not uttering a word about kashmiri hindus when he reached out to the people of the valley, saying the bjps policy towards the community was no different from those of the pdp, kp and nc.
;;-0.9287;;(source: express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)congress vice president rahul gandhi today continued his attack on prime minister narendramodi over demonetisation, accusing him of practising politics of fear and anger and exhorted partymen to defeat his ideology.
;;-0.8658;;congress workers have to reach out to people and i am confident that they will do this and will fight out and defeat the ideology of narendramodi and rss which spreads anger and hate, he said.
;;0.0;;taking on the opposition for raising objections to the demonetisation drive, prime minister narendramodi yesterday described the move as a safayi abhiyan aimed to curb black money and corruption.
;;-0.128;;b'in a major boost to gujarat chief minister narendramodi in the partys prime ministerial race,the bjp on wednesday swept the six bypolls to lok sabha and assembly seats in the state while his detractor bihar chief minister nitish kumar suffered a blow while congress drew a blank in four states.
;;-0.891;;views: no better time for a narendramodi wininterestingly,the bjp candidate vithhal radadia,who defected from congress after a controversy last year when he brandished a gun at a toll booth threatening the cashier,won the porbandar lok sabha seat,despite widespread national condemnation for his goon-like behaviour then.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi endorsed the blue economy during his visit to seychelles, mauritius and sri lanka.
;;-0.8074;;news kannada on october 2, 2017, mocks raj for questioning the silence of prime minister narendramodi after the assassination of journalist gauri lankesh.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to address the unga on september 27.
;;-0.6705;;madhya pradesh cm shivraj singh chouhan madhya pradesh cm shivraj singh chouhanmadhya pradesh congress president arun yadav has written to prime minister narendramodi demanding inquiry alleging illegal mining activities of the family members of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, with bjp terming the allegations as baseless.
;;0.0;;the latest move by china comes about 10 days before prime minister narendramodi is likely to meet chinese premier li keqiang at the asean summit in manila, the philippines, on november 13 and 14.
;;-0.25;;(ap photo/claude paris)prime minister narendramodi on friday reached out to france after a trucker loaded with weapons and hand grenades killed at least 80 people whod gathered to watch fireworks on the occasion of bastille day celebrations in the french resort city of nice late thursday.
;;-0.0516;;backing west bengal chief minister mamata banerjees tirade against the bjp-led nda government wherein she accused the ruling dispensation at the centre of bulldozing the countrys federal structure, the congress party on sunday dubbed prime minister narendramodi as a true fascist leader.
;;-0.3252;;when narendramodi was the chief minister, he never cared for the nation.
;;0.0;;b'union minister jitendra singh (file) union minister jitendra singh (file)a day after jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti requested prime minister narendramodi to initiate talks with pakistan, union minister jitendra singh on sunday said the decision to hold or not to hold a dialogue with islamabad is purely the centres prerogative.
;;-0.3595;;he called out the mischief makers, recalled their past utterances and actions, and said what many would like to say: the bjp government of prime minister narendramodi , as distinct from the previous bjp-led government of atal bihari vajpayee, doubts and questions the patriotism of the minorities!
;;0.0;;under the government of mr narendramodi and his cohorts in the states, unlike the government of mr vajpayee, intolerance is the new normal.
;;0.4019;;ahead of shiv sena chief uddhav thackerays visit here on sunday to offer prayers at the makeshift ram lalla temple, his party leader sanjay raut said the ram temple will be constructed under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee (file photo) west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee (file photo)chief minister mamata banerjee arrived in north bengal for a 5-day tour on monday, days after gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) leaders met prime minister narendramodi with an appeal to consider formation of a separate gorkhaland, and ahead of the municipal polls in darjeeling district, likely to be held on may 14.
;;0.0;;this road is part of the infrastructure upgrade thats happened six months after prime minister narendramodi visited kedarnath and laid the foundation stone for five projects at kedarpuri.
;;-0.6369;;babusingh raghuvanshi, convenor of madhya pradesh bjp disciplinary committee who has said that prime minister narendramodi may not have had indore-3 mla akash vijayvargiya in mind when he criticised arrogance and misbehaviour of party leaders, had participated in a dharna in akashs support soon after he assaulted a civic official with a cricket bat.
;;0.0;;(file) narendramodi will be the first prime minister to visit tribal district bijapur, one of the most backward regions of the country.
;;0.3818;;(file)prime minister narendramodi will visit one of the top performing aspirational districts bijapur in chhattisgarh and open the first health centre under ayushman bharat scheme on april 14, the birth anniversary of b r ambedkar, a top niti aayog official said on thursday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with manmohan singh.
;;0.0;;file photo prime minister narendramodi with manmohan singh.
;;-0.5106;;file photothe congresss heightened state of agitation over prime minister narendramodi modis jibe at manmohan singh and its decision to boycott the pm in parliament for the rest of the budget session because of it, only draws attention to its own depleted political arsenal  to the hollow sounds it is making.
;;0.0;;(pti photo)french president emmanuel macron flew down to varanasi with prime minister narendramodi on monday to inaugurate the states largest solar power plant in the neighbouring district of mirzapur.
;;-0.7096;;odisha cm naveen patnaik (source: express photo) odisha cm naveen patnaik (source: express photo)odisha chief minister naveen patnaik on saturday wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi , rejecting the negotiation committee formed by the centre to resolve the mahanadi river water dispute and added that it will only delay setting up of the tribunal to allow chhattisgarh to complete construction of the disputed projects.
;;0.0;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi in september 2018, the punjab cm had made a request similar to the one he is expected to make in mondays letter.
;;0.0;;unnamed airportprime minister narendramodi flew to gujarat to inaugurate vadodaras spacious new eco-friendly airport last week.
;;0.3818;;the shiv sena said on tuesday that prime minister narendramodi must ensure that jammu and kashmirs pdp and nc should not be part of the nda after the lok sabha polls irrespective of the election outcome on may 23.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi replies to the motion of thanks on the presidents address in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.4404;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi replies to the motion of thanks on the presidents address in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.6597;;(pti photo)hitting back after the congress attacked narendramodi for his dig at his predecessor manmohan singh, bjp said it still shows reluctance in recognising modi as a popularly-elected prime minister and believes that only it has the mandate to rule the country.
;;0.1027;;there is still a reluctance to recognise narendramodi as a popularly elected prime minister.
;;0.4939;;b'former state congress president arjun modhwadia has demanded the resignation of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister anandiben patel over allotment of 422 acres of land to the business partner of chief ministers daughter anar patel in eco-sensitive zone of the gir forest and a probe into the whole issue by a special investigation team (sit) under the direct supervision of the high court or the supreme court.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi lauded sakshis incredible performance.
;;-0.5423;;a day after chief minister mamata banerjee invited prime minister narendramodi to inaugurate the birbhum coal block, rajya sabha mp swapan dasgupta on thursday urged him not to inaugurate it unless proper environmental clearances are received and a rehabilitation package is given to the affected people.
;;0.6808;;chief minister narendramodi on friday attended a function here organised by shantaben haribhai gajera shaikshanik sankul,an educational campus run by a trust headed by surat-based diamantaire vasant gajera and a prominent leuva patel.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had said that while the new constitution was a major achievement, more was needed to accommodate all aspirations.
;;0.4019;;vinod samariya had booked a train to ferry party workers from fatehpur sikhri to attend the vijay shankhnad rally in lucknow for the then prime ministerial candidate narendramodi before the lok sabha elections on march 2, 2014.
;;0.4019;;vinod samariya had booked a train to ferry party workers from fatehpur sikhri to attend the vijay shankhnad rally in lucknow for the then prime ministerial candidate narendramodi before the lok sabha elections on march 2, 2014.
;;0.4019;;samariya had booked a train to ferry party workers from fatehpur sikhri to attend the vijay shankhnad rally in lucknow for the then prime ministerial candidate narendramodi before the lok sabha elections on march 2, 2014.
;;0.5719;;(source: reuters)with the rio olympics just around the corner, preparations are in full swing for the run for rio event, which will be flagged off by prime minister narendramodi at the national capital this sunday to celebrate the olympic mood in the country.
;;-0.4588;;just before he was detained by the police, the congress vice president accused prime minister narendramodi of waiving loans of the countrys rich while ignoring farmers debts.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe cm made the appeal to prime minister narendramodi during a meeting at parliament house friday morning.
;;0.0;;a committee will be constituted to explore the feasibility of holding simultaneous parliament and assembly elections, union minister rajnath singh quoted prime minister narendramodi as saying after the latter chaired an all-party meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.5719;;jnusu president kanhaiya kumar on friday won accolades from non-bjp leaders for his rousing azadi speech in which he took on prime minister narendramodi as they asserted whatever he said is true and he was more nationalist than those levelling sedition charge against him.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to meet iranian president hassan rouhani in bishkek, as india has been forced to cut down on oil imports from tehran, sources indicated on wednesday.
;;-0.4939;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi seems to have cautioned cabinet colleagues against creating a hysteria over the strikes.
;;0.6597;;so, while national secretary and chief national spokesman derek obrien represented his party at an all-party meeting convened by prime minister narendramodi last week, it was left to roy who was made vice-president days ago to lead a party delegation to the election commission the same day.
;;-0.7579;;sandesh singalkar, one of the complainants said: police have arrested people on the basis of posts critical of prime minister narendramodi and amit shah.
;;0.3612;;taking forward his 2014 message of simplifying and streamlining government processes and rules, prime minister narendramodi used examples of taxi aggregator uber and private cell phone companies monday to tell secretaries of central ministries about how government should focus on ease of living for citizens.
;;-0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on wednesday once again hit out at pakistan without naming it, saying it was time to isolate and sanction this instigator (of terrorism).
;;0.0;;achche din gayeover two lakh people attended the rally of farmers addressed by prime minister narendramodi at sherpur near bhopal.
;;0.2023;;on a two-day visit to gujarat,chinese consul general in india,dr liu youfa,on friday called chief minister narendramodi a political star who is finding his way to delhi for the top job.
;;-0.7184;;president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi condemned the attack.
;;-0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi described the attack as cowardly and deplorable.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister mamata banerjee on thursday met prime minister narendramodi to raise the states concerns about reduction in water flow of several transboundary rivers and bangladeshs imposition of high import duty on malda mangoes.
;;-0.25;;the family members of sippy said that they would soon meet prime minister narendramodi and stage a protest outside the pms residence on december 24.
;;0.765;;replying to the motion of thanks on the presidents address in the rajya sabha on wednesday, prime minister narendramodi erroneously attributed an urdu couplet to celebrated poet mirza ghalib while taking a swipe at senior congress leader ghulam nabi azad.
;;0.6808;;he said while the congress party told labourers and farmers to be fearless come what may, they will be guaranteed 100 days employment and none will be able to take away their land without paying the market price for it, narendramodi snatched away their money and land.
;;0.0;;the bjp minority morcha had set a target to enrol one lakh members in the week beginning september 17,which was chief minister narendramodi modis birthday.
;;0.0;;responding to a question about prime minister narendramodi only visiting israel later this year, skipping palestine, khaldi said, it is his decision.
;;0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping have the opportunity to meet at least three times this year to take forward their friendship forged during their unprecedented informal summit in wuhan, he said.
;;-0.5574;;kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan wrote to prime minister narendramodi urging to withdraw the ban.
;;-0.5106;;indian president pranab mukherjee, center left, greets indian prime minister narendramodi as he leaves after paying tributes to mahatma gandhi on his death anniversary at rajghat in new delhi.
;;-0.5106;;(pti photo) indian president pranab mukherjee, center left, greets indian prime minister narendramodi as he leaves after paying tributes to mahatma gandhi on his death anniversary at rajghat in new delhi.
;;-0.5994;;(pti photo)the nation monday remembered mahatma gandhi on his 69th death anniversary with president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi leading the country in paying homage to the father of the nation.
;;-0.6808;;68-year-old saeed further said if indian prime minister narendramodi thinks that he would get respite in kashmir after his arrest he is seriously mistaken.
;;0.128;;it has been two months since prime minister narendramodi launched his demonetisation drive in the country, and banerjee has taken to the streets against the move.
;;0.0;;siasat, in its editorial on may 1, writes: the proposal to have elections to parliament and state assemblies simultaneously, put forth by prime minister narendramodi many times, could have far-reaching effects.
;;-0.6597;;chandigarh territorial congress committee (ctcc) has moved a complaint to the election department against bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi for violation of model code of conduct during his rally held on march 29.
;;-0.6597;;the complaint given by the vice-president of ctcc, d d jindal, states that during the bjp rally in sector 34 on march 29, narendramodi delivered a speech in which he used false, defamatory and uncalled-for language against congress candidate pawan kumar bansal, which is in complete violation of the code of conduct.
;;0.3919;;(source: pti)this election season, prime minister narendramodi is not only interacting with crowds through rallies but is also responding to certain tweets to him.
;;0.0;;co/cazfincg8a  narendramodi (@narendramodi) february 10, 2017this election is a state election and the people of up deserve to know about the work of the state government in detail.
;;0.0772;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by javed raja, file) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by javed raja, file)shoji ito was an indophile like no other japanese economist i have known.
;;-0.3612;;many have recently argued that while narendramodi came to power in 2014 on a development rather than a hindutva plank, yogi adityanath rose to power in uttar pradesh on a hindutva rather than a development plank.
;;0.5574;;he said even when prime minister narendramodi goes abroad, he proudly says that he is from the land of the buddha.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo)in his opening address at the third meeting of the governing council of niti aayog, prime minister narendramodi addressed chief ministers as team india assembled to reflect on ways to prepare india for changing global trends.
;;0.2732;;the visit also underlines the renewed energy in prime minister narendramodi modis neighbourhood diplomacy.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/ @meaindia)prime minister narendramodi and myanmars state counsellor aung san suu kyi on thursday met in vientiane on the sidelines of the asean summit.
;;-0.1779;;state counsellor of myanmar aung san suu kyi meets prime minister narendramodi , external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted along with photos of the two leaders shaking hands and holding talks.
;;0.0;;in his interview to cnn-news 18, prime minister narendramodi said his job was to perform, reform, transform and, now, inform.
;;0.0516;;the whole idea of gujarat police,with (the then) joint director of ib working together,was only to raise the profile of narendramodi so that he becomes a hero in the minds of all those who believe that acts of terror are being done only by muslims,singh alleged.
;;-0.7184;;(file photo)union minister m j akbar on sunday said prime minister narendramodi was making every effort to quickly eradicate poverty from the country, instead of dealing the problem slowly.
;;0.4019;;chief minister narendramodi has been foisted by rss as its choice for the prime ministerial candidate on bjp and a revolt was brewing in the saffron party against it,union minister and ncp general secretary tariq anwar claimed sunday.
;;0.8555;;indias decision to review the 1950 india-nepal peace and friendship treaty  a longstanding kathmandu demand  communicated one such important note of departure from the past, which will help prepare the ground for prime minister narendramodi modis visit to that country early next month.
;;0.4019;;it may be recalled that the director had met chief minister narendramodi almost two years ago and had expressed desire to set up a film institute in gujarat on the lines of one in mumbai.
;;0.0;;wickaramasinghe, who arrived here a day after he hosted prime minister narendramodi in sri lanka, had a low-key presence at the high-profile summit.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at a government function in new delhi (express photo by ravi kanojia) prime minister narendramodi at a government function in new delhi (express photo by ravi kanojia)prime minister narendramodi will be chairing a crucial meeting of his council of ministers later today ahead of a likely reshuffle in the government.
;;-0.296;;from government advertisements to policy decisions to the budget speech, it has been been the vijayan government to such an extent that critics have said pinarayi vijayan, chief minister, is duplicating prime minister narendramodi modis style of functioning.
;;0.0;;kurta-pyjama with a sleeveless jacket, prime minister narendramodi modis signature style, remained a hands down favourite.
;;0.4404;;time to update:prime minister narendramodi surely knows how to use internet and social media to communicate.
;;0.0;;read more hereup polls (first phase): 30 per cent votes polled till noonaround 30 per cent votes polled till noon in 73 constituencies in the first of the seven-phase up elections, which is considered as a litmus test for prime minister narendramodi modis nearly three-year rule.
;;0.6808;;read more hererahul gandhis counter to pm modis raincoat remark: he likes to peep into peoples bathroomsin a stinging remark to prime minister narendramodi modis raincoat jibe, congress vice-president rahul gandhi on saturday said that the prime minister can do whatever he likes whether it is reading peoples horoscopes or peeping into bathrooms.
;;0.0;;the bjp calls upon the people of our country to take a pledge to form a government under the leadership of narendramodi in 2019 in order to have the continuity of development and welfare policies for all in the country, the resolution said.
;;0.2732;;after the formation of the bjp government and prime minister narendramodi assuming the charge, indias goodwill has increased at global level.
;;0.0;;a central team from the national institute of communicable diseases had visited kolat and the nearby shella village and will submit its findings to chief minister narendramodi on friday,he said.
;;0.0;;(source: file photo) narendramodi and pushpa kamal dahal need to understand that the nepal pms visit to india is under close scrutiny in nepal, and possibly, china.
;;-0.4404;;for prime minister narendramodi , this could mean a message to his opponents that their criticism about india pushing nepal into chinas lap, to borrow mani shankar aiyars inference, was not quite right.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate one such centre, where the dalit icon breathed his last, in mumbai on april 13, a day before his birth anniversary, gehlot said, adding that it has been developed at a cost of rs 100 crore.
;;0.5106;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)expressing his confidence in the youth, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said theres always something to learn from the conversations with young generation and that he tries to listen to their experiences.
;;0.5859;;ncp chief sharad pawar on wednesday met prime minister narendramodi and sought a special programme to deal with farmer suicides as well loan waiver for maharashtras peasants.
;;0.0258;;urging people to put forward developmental issues in the public discourse, he said prime minister narendramodi was working on issues such as electricity, railway, highway construction and woman empowerment, while we are trying to run all india according to our likes and dislikes.
;;0.7964;;there also was a bit of political churning in meghalaya where a senior bjp leader, who had announced a beef party in his hometown to celebrate prime minister narendramodi modis three years in office, resigned from the party.
;;-0.7003;;b'the congress president accused prime minister narendramodi of being insensitive towards problems related to jobs and demonetization.
;;-0.7003;;(file) the congress president accused prime minister narendramodi of being insensitive towards problems related to jobs and demonetization.
;;-0.7003;;the congress president accused prime minister narendramodi of being insensitive towards problems related to jobs and demonetization.
;;-0.7096;;prime minister narendramodi , army chief general bipin rawat pay tribute wednesday to soldiers killed in valley.
;;-0.7096;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi , army chief general bipin rawat pay tribute wednesday to soldiers killed in valley.
;;-0.7184;;watch video | government slams opposition for politicising army chiefs remark over taking tough action in j&kthe army chief was speaking to mediapersons after prime minister narendramodi and he paid tributes to the soldiers killed in kashmir on tuesday.
;;0.0;;b'kundakulam power plant kundakulam power plantprime minister narendramodi , russian president vladimir putin and tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa will on wednesday jointly dedicate the nation the first unit of kudankulam nuclear power plant.
;;0.5719;;(source: pib india/twitter)prime minister narendramodi arrived in home state gujarat on friday to attend the events organised for celebrating his 66th birthday.
;;0.3612;;let this day be the beginning of a year of greater achievements in life of pm narendramodi and our nation.
;;0.2023;;(source: twitter/@narendramodi)saying that nepal is at the top of indias neighbourhood first policy, prime minister narendramodi on friday announced a rs 100 crore package to develop janakpur, while invoking mythological links between the two countries.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi with his counterpart in nepal.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@narendramodi) pm narendramodi with his counterpart in nepal.
;;-0.128;;biplab kumar deb, who was sworn in as the chief minister of tripura in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and a host of cms of bjp-ruled states on friday, has a tough task ahead.
;;0.4019;;(source: ap photo)pakistan peoples party (ppp) chairman bilawal bhutto zardari referred to indian prime minister narendramodi as the butcher of gujarat and jammu and kashmir.
;;0.4019;;officials said it was discussed that prime minister narendramodi launched accessible india campaign/sugamya bharat abhiyan on december 3, 2015, for creating an universal accessibility for persons with disabilities in built environment, transport and information & communication technology (ict) ecosystem.
;;0.0;;in the run-up to the reshuffle, there were several signs that the rural development ministry may be taken away from birender singh and handed over to narendramodi singh tomar.
;;0.3818;;a couple of months ago, when prime minister narendramodi launched the gram uday se bharat uday programme, he put tomar, who was then the mines and steel minister, in charge of coordinating his marquee initiative meant as a major outreach to indias villages, instead of handing over the responsibility to singh, then the rural development minister.
;;-0.7184;;(source: pti photo)terming the arrest of rajendra kumar, principal secretary of delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, as political vendetta, the aam aadmi party on monday attacked prime minister narendramodi questioning whether he hates pakistan more or the aap.
;;0.0;;the final decision will be taken by prime minister narendramodi in consultation with the rss.
;;0.296;;udayanraje bhosale, the 13th direct descendant of chhatrapati shivaji and ncp mp from satara, is set to join the bjp on saturday in the presence of prime minister narendramodi in delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and senior bjp leader l k advani.
;;0.0;;(express photo/anil sharma/file) prime minister narendramodi and senior bjp leader l k advani.
;;0.128;;in a social media post on tuesday, gandhi lashed out at prime minister narendramodi for humiliating party stalwart l k advani.
;;0.3612;;meanwhile, rajasthan governor margaret alva met prime minister narendramodi which was described as a courtesy call.
;;-0.4404;;(pti photo)karnataka industries minister r v deshpande on friday criticised prime minister narendramodi for not taking an initiative to convene a meeting of the three riparian states to resolve the mahadayi river dispute inspite of chief minister siddaramaiah urging him to do so during the all-party delegation meet in new delhi recently.
;;0.0;;b'the dhola sadia bridge on the brahmaputra in assam (express photo by dasarath deka) the dhola sadia bridge on the brahmaputra in assam (express photo by dasarath deka)prime minister narendramodi will dedicate to the nation friday indias longest bridge, located on the brahmaputra river in assam.
;;0.0;;15 km long road bridge over the brahmaputra river in tinsukia district in assam on monday, ahead of its inauguration by prime minister narendramodi on 26th may 2017.
;;0.0;;15 km long road bridge over the brahmaputra river in tinsukia district in assam on monday, ahead of its inauguration by prime minister narendramodi on 26th may 2017.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi announced about the demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 pm on the same day after cabinets approval.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi addressing a public meeting in coimbatore on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi addressing a public meeting in coimbatore on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo)my previous column (modis idea of india-1, january 27) interpreted the external features of pm narendramodi modis idea of indian nationhood.
;;-0.93;;france on monday welcomed prime minister narendramodi modis proposal for a global conference to tackle the threat of terrorism, saying the fight against terrorism remains its priorities.
;;-0.6808;;the french ministers remarks comes two days after prime minister narendramodi , during his trip to the maldives called for a need of a global convention or conference on terrorism.
;;-0.6124;;from a dismal solitary booking to 78 bookings  the rudra meditation cave in kedarnath visited by prime minister narendramodi has been pre-booked for the first time, according to official figures.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is a brand ambassador for tourism in india.
;;0.0;;a right to information (rti) query has revealed that prime minister narendramodi and his council of ministers incurred an expenditure of rs 393 crore on foreign and domestic travel in the last five fiscal years.
;;0.8434;;accusing delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal of being totally unscrupulous, friend- turned-foe prashant bhushan has claimed that the aam aadmi party leader can even join hands with prime minister narendramodi for personal gains.
;;0.34;;it was here that he shared affinity with narendramodi , who was then the bjp north in charge.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah, union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley and dharmendra pradhan will attend the meeting among others.
;;0.802;;we are committed to work for a delhi of prime minister narendramodi modis dreams after winning the corporation elections.
;;-0.2263;;raising another issue, congress leader mallikarjun kharge demanded a statement from prime minister narendramodi on the situation in the kashmir valley as members were concerned over the way things were developing there.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, 23-year-old wrestler vinesh phogat tweeted to prime minister narendramodi on the issue.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) earlier in the day, 23-year-old wrestler vinesh phogat tweeted to prime minister narendramodi on the issue.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, 23-year-old wrestler vinesh phogat tweeted to prime minister narendramodi on the issue: desh ke pradhan mantri se is mamle main hastakshep karne ka anurodh hain.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)on the birth anniversary of netaji subhash chandra bose, prime minister narendramodi saluted his valour, saying that it had played a major role in attaining independence for the country.
;;0.0;;in 2015, when prime minister narendramodi met his japanese counterpart shinzo abe on the sidelines of the asean summit in kuala lumpur, the indian flag was hoisted upside down.
;;0.9081;;in the backdrop of pressure from nda allies like the shiv sena and jd(u) seeking clarity from the bjp on its prime ministerial candidate,gujarat chief minister and bjp heavyweight narendramodi today sought to flaunt endorsements by former supreme court judge v r krishna iyer and former central vigilance commissioner n vittal on his wider acceptability as a humanist wonder and an excellent example.
;;0.0772;;(file)on the third anniversary of his taking over as prime minister, narendramodi will be in assam on friday to inaugurate a number of projects, including the countrys longest bridge.
;;-0.4215;;cpi leader and rajya sabha mp d raja on saturday criticised the way in which the bjp-led government was handling atrocities against dalits in the country and asked prime minister narendramodi to firmly deal with such forces.
;;0.0516;;seeking an apology from the cm, congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said that while prime minister narendramodi spoke about equality for women, the mindset of bjp is reflected by the article written by the up chief minister on his website.
;;-0.7003;;the congress said that prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah must condemn such disparaging and distasteful remarks and issue an advisory, asking him not to use such language again.
;;0.4767;;in the meantime, former cricketer and pakistan tehreek-e-insaf chief imran khan has lashed out at pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif for making friends with indian prime minister narendramodi while the latter was busy isolating pakistan in the international community.
;;-0.296;;chief minister narendramodi on sunday accused the centre of adopting double standards vis a vis activist anna hazare and his team.
;;0.0;;in september 2014, gujarat government and peoples republic of china signed investment proposals of over rs 9,000 crore in presence of prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping.
;;-0.7003;;20 am: prime minister narendramodi , who was in france on saturday, condemned the attacks in london.
;;0.4019;;the dmk later led a call by opposition parties for black flags to be waved at prime minister narendramodi during his scheduled visit to the city thursday.
;;0.4703;;cpm general secretary sitaram yechury cpm general secretary sitaram yechurycpm general secretary sitaram yechury on thursday wrote to prime minister narendramodi demanding enactment of a law that gives farmers the right to sell their produce at minimum support price declared by the government, and guarantees automatic annual review of the msp, which will be at least 50 per cent more than the comprehensive production costs as established by the commission on agricultural costs and prices for that year.
;;0.0;;yesterday, prime minister narendramodi met with officials to review provisions of the indus water treaty with pakistan.
;;-0.631;;(express file photo)prime minister narendramodi has a strong mandate to act and the leverage to take a bold initiative on kashmir but the four years of nda rule at the centre were wasted as no breakthrough has been achieved, former chief minister omar abdullah said on thursday.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi has a strong mandate in the parliament to act.
;;0.5719;;b'prime minister narendramodi to kick off the meet by celebrating upadhayas 100th birth day.
;;0.5719;;(file) prime minister narendramodi to kick off the meet by celebrating upadhayas 100th birth day.
;;0.4588;;(file)bjps national council meeting in kozhikode between september 23-25 will be dedicated to its ideologue deen dayal upadhyay, who became its forerunner jana sanghs president at the same venue in 1967, with prime minister narendramodi set to launch an year-long exercise in his memory.
;;0.0;;(file)separate high court for telangana, sanction of iim, and speeding up railway projects in the state were among the list of ten demands that chief minister k chandrashekar rao submitted to prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on friday.
;;0.2263;;congress leader rahul gandhi wednesday took a dig at prime minister narendramodi over the economic slowdown while referring to the howdy modi event in houston on september 22, which is to be graced by us president donald trump too.
;;0.7506;;dishant will receive a medal, certificate and cash prize by prime minister narendramodi on the occasion of republic day function on january 26 in new delhi.
;;0.0;;b'congress president sonia gandhi congress president sonia gandhidespite prime minister narendramodi modis efforts to put him to pasture, l k advani, even at the age of 88, remains a consummate politician.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi and his government promised befitting action against the perpetrators of the attack.
;;-0.8481;;on prime minister narendramodi recently denouncing violence in the name of cow vigilance, manoj said: we do not believe in violence.
;;-0.7579;;ahmedabad: a metropolitan court on wednesday gave nine more days to zakia jafri to file protest petition in connection with her complaint alleging chief minister narendramodi and others in the 2002 gujarat riots.
;;0.0;;the public accounts committee (pac) on friday refuted the statement given by its own committee chairperson k.v. thomas, over summoning prime minister narendramodi before the parliamentary panel over the issue of demonetisation.
;;0.2023;;earlier, after calling rbi governor urjit patel and top finance ministry secretaries to appear before them on the demonetisation issue, pac chairman emphasised that the panel has the power to summon even prime minister narendramodi over the same.
;;-0.1361;;the next meeting may witness fireworks between the panels bjp members and its chairman and congress leader k v thomas, who had said that pac can call prime minister narendramodi on the issue of demonetisation if it is not satisfied with the answers given by top finance ministry officials and rbi governor urjit patel, to whom a detailed questionnaire has been sent.
;;-0.4767;;citing rti replies,cm says upa govt spent rs 1,880 crore on them in 3 yearsin a scathing attack on upa chairperson sonia gandhi,chief minister narendramodi on monday alleged that the central government had spent a whopping rs 1,880 crore on her foreign trips in the last three years.
;;0.1027;;he said us president donald trumps america first policy was similar to prime minister narendramodi modis flagship make in india programme.
;;-0.7351;;click for more election newsanti-national and enemies have been a refrain in bjps election campaign rhetoric with prime minister narendramodi saying terrorists and pakistan wanted him to lose and the opposition to win.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modicricket legend sachin tendulkar and chess grandmaster viswanathan anand joined prime minister narendramodi in his mann ki baat address to the nation sunday morning.
;;-0.7845;;prime minister narendramodi on november 8 last year had announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
;;0.0;;the institute, inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi , is conceived as an apex institute for ayurveda and will offer postgraduate and doctoral programmes in different disciplines of ayurveda.
;;0.0;;mocking prime minister narendramodi , he said the voters of delhi and bihar had already given talaq to the saffron party and it was going to get the same message for the third time from the voters of uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi and egypt president abdel fattah al-sisi in delhi friday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by prem nath pandey) pm narendramodi and egypt president abdel fattah al-sisi in delhi friday.
;;0.2263;;(express photo by prem nath pandey)in a bid to deal with the twin challenges of terrorism and radicalisation, india and egypt on friday agreed to strengthen defence and security cooperation after prime minister narendramodi and egypts president abdel fattah al-sisi met here for bilateral talks.
;;-0.6249;;without naming prime minister narendramodi , she asked, what do the the people, who have pushed the country into such a crisis, have to say?
;;-0.2023;;chief minister narendramodi on saturday took a swipe at ngos saying there was a conspiracy being hatched every day to create a hype around a legal case.
;;0.2263;;the earlier editions of sparkle event were inaugurated by the then chief ministers narendramodi and anandiben patel, but this year it was opened the deputy chief minister.
;;0.4215;;the sparkle exhibition was started by the then chief minister narendramodi , keeping in mind the need of the industry.
;;0.3818;;he also asked prime minister narendramodi to waive the loans of farmers, wondering why it was not being done despite industrialists availing such benefits.
;;-0.0516;;advertisingalso read | gift city group ceo quits over il&fs inability to pay himin february 2019, seeking prime minister narendramodi modis intervention in recovering the due amount (rs 190.
;;0.0258;;speaking in lok sabha after prime minister narendramodi modis fiery speech earlier in the day in the house, tharoor said, even the rbi has said that demonetisation did not bring the change as promised by the government.
;;0.1531;;congress president rahul gandhi tuesday accused prime minister narendramodi of trying to manipulate the upsc merit list to accommodate officers of rss choice in the central services.
;;0.5859;;addressing a gathering there, he attributed his lok sabha win to the works done by prime minister narendramodi , and said next time he would seek votes in the name of works done by him in his constituency.
;;0.0;;sharma also confirmed that british prime minister theresa may had discussed the subject of kashmir with prime minister narendramodi during her visit to india last november.
;;0.0;;i recently met prime minister narendramodi and union minister gajendra singh shekhawat on this issue.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi has introduced several initiatives that will bolster our economy like the start-up and make in india programme, said madhav.
;;-0.7506;;i fail to understand why prime minister narendramodi has turned weak before pakistan, congress leader pramod tiwari said.
;;0.0;;the unilateral ceasefire has been announced by the union home minister while prime minister narendramodi , who is expected to visit kashmir this week, has been silent on this issue.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday called the sardar sarovar dam and the statue of unity a living example of how development and environment can thrive together.
;;0.4019;;express photo/javed rajaclaiming that the nda government has given a clean and riot-free india in the past two years, bjps national general secretary ram madhav tuesday said prime minister narendramodi will remain in power for 20 years.
;;0.91;;chief justice of india ranjan gogoi has written three letters to prime minister narendramodi seeking an increase in the strength of judges in the supreme court and raising the retirement age of high court judges to 65 years.
;;0.223;;prime minister narendramodi (source: pti) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti)reacting sharply to the khadi village industries commission (kvic) calendar row, the aam aadmi party on friday said it wont be surprising if mahatma gandhis image is replaced by that of narendramodi on currency notes.
;;0.765;;the first high-level meeting of the state special investment region (sir) apex authority chaired by chief minister narendramodi was held last week on fleshing out the idea and to discuss the strategy for developing the notified and proposed sirs. sources said the meeting was attended by all key ministers and top bureaucrats who assessed individual progress of the five notified and 11 proposed sirs in the state.
;;-0.1298;;the government, sources said, is now more comfortable in holding the discussion after prime minister narendramodi hit out at those indulging in violence in the name of cow protection.
;;-0.8074;;the editorial had said that even as indias state-owned banks are holding bad debt of about usd 186 billion, the government of prime minister narendramodi has hesitated to go after big defaulters.
;;-0.5106;;the raids mark an alarming new level of intimidation of indias news media under prime minister narendramodi , the editorial had said.
;;0.5267;;on one hand, he was offering an unconditional apology for livestreaming the video and on the other was taking a belligerent position by dragging in the name of prime minister narendramodi with his allusion to the isi teams visit.
;;0.0;;then on february 25, he was invited to attend prime minister narendramodi modis public meeting in imphal, where he delivered his first speech at a political rally.
;;0.4019;;the development agenda of prime minister narendramodi at the centre and chief minister devendra fadnavis in maharashtra will help in the uplift of the dalits.
;;0.4588;;according to a statement issued by niti aayog, prime minister narendramodi seconded the jammu and kashmir chief ministers suggestion that states should take interest in the students from her state who are studying in other states.
;;0.743;;advertisingthe dialogue reviewed a year of progress since prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the uk in april 2018 for the commonwealth summit, where he and british prime minister theresa may had agreed on closer collaboration across trade and technology, security and people-to-people links.
;;0.0;;and now prime minister narendramodi had rechristened the look east policy as act east policy to fast track development in the region after years of negligence, he said.
;;0.0772;;chattisgarh chief minister raman singh speaks at bjp national executive meet (source: express photo by ravi kanojia/file) chattisgarh chief minister raman singh speaks at bjp national executive meet (source: express photo by ravi kanojia/file)speaking at length about various challenges being faced by the states, chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh has said perhaps for the first time there is a connect between the states and the centre as prime minister narendramodi has made the central government sensitive to the requirements of the states.
;;0.7783;;noting that the us-india defence relationship can be an anchor of stability and given the increasingly strengthened cooperation in defence, the united states hereby recognises india as a major defence partner, said a joint statement issued after prime minister narendramodi held talks with us president barack obama.
;;0.0;;(file photo)after prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, now up chief minister yogi adityanath too has brought out a catchphrase.
;;0.5647;;addressing a meeting of bjp workers at a hotel in his home district of gorakhpur on saturday, adityanath said that in the recent municipal polls in delhi as well, the public proved that the meaning of evm was no more electronic voting machine but it has become every vote modithe delhi public proved that they have faith in prime minister narendramodi and in his effort to make india the biggest economic power in the world, said the chief minister.
;;-0.1779;;kin of about ten foreign tourists killed in goa have written an open letter to prime minister narendramodi , demanding a probe by a supreme court judge into the deaths as well as the cover up by the police.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi is addressing the country through the 23rd installment of his monthly specialmann ki baat.
;;0.4404;;11:32 am: prime minister narendramodi speaks on a letter he received supporting his lpg giveitup initiative.
;;0.765;;read | pm modi speaks on importance of teachers, says gopichand a great mentor11: 08am: pm narendramodi speaks on a committee by the government that would study the prevalent practices in the world in order to make a roadmap for the next olympics.
;;0.3612;;11:01 am: pm narendramodi pays homage to hockey player dhyan chand ahead of his birth anniversary on monday recalling don bradmans words saying he scores goals like runs.
;;0.0;;during the campaign chief minister narendramodi and his cabinet colleagues along with senior officials will visit each taluka and discuss long-pending development issues with local office-bearers and the people.
;;0.3182;;b'the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , wednesday cleared railway projects worth rs 10,736 crore to enhance network capacity through doubling and tripling of lines especially in uttar pradesh and gujarat.
;;0.4767;;it wants to make a presentation on these points to prime minister narendramodi before putting them in a cabinet note for approval, sources in the know said.
;;0.0258;;sources said the matter was discussed at the state cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister narendramodi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;after taking oath of office, adityanath said that he will work to eradicate goondaraj from the state and take forward pm narendramodi modis mission of sabka sath, sabka vikas.
;;0.0;;the oath taking ceremony was held at smriti upvan in lucknow on saturday and was attended by pm narendramodi and amit shah among others.
;;0.0;;advertisingbefore the lok sabha elections, prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated the up-gradation plans for the project and alleged that not much was done in the past.
;;-0.7783;;highlighting lack of prudent fiscal management,the cag (comptroller and auditor general of india) has criticised gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis government for raising excess market borrowings than required for financing its deficit.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi and german chancellor angela merkel expressed their commitment to strengthen global non-proliferation efforts, said a joint statement issued after their meeting here.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiformer chief election commissioner sy quraishi on saturday lauded prime minister narendramodi for being vocal on electoral reforms in the country and accused the previous governments of avoiding the issue.
;;-0.9674;;watch video: saudi prince condemns terrorism in talk with indiawhile the visiting saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman did not mention the pulwama terror attack in his remarks after the bilateral meeting with prime minister narendramodi , the joint statement issued late on wednesday night said that the prime minister and his royal highness condemned in the strongest terms, the recent terrorist attack on indian security forces on 14 february, 2019 in pulwama in jammu & kashmir.
;;-0.2944;;earlier, after the bilateral meeting with the crown prince, prime minister narendramodi said they were in agreement that there was a need to ramp up pressure on countries extending any sort of support to terrorism.
;;0.7717;;prime minister narendramodi modis smart city initiative has courted a fresh row in maharashtra with chief minister devendra fadnavis nominating senior government secretaries to head various city-level special purpose vehicles (spvs).
;;0.5423;;the reference, in this regard, is to assurances made by pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif to prime minister narendramodi during their meetings, including the surprise visit to sharifs raiwind residence on christmas day last year.
;;0.4215;;minister of state for environment prakash javadekar was promoted to the cabinet rank in the latest reshuffle of the narendramodi government.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi expanded his cabinet today inducting 19 new faces into the government.
;;0.34;;(source-express photo/nirmal harindran/file)accusing the bjp of trying to destabilise andhra pradesh using his political rivals, chief minister n chandrababu naidu today said prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah would have to pay dearly if they conspired against the state.
;;0.4939;;b'prime minister narendramodi had earlier flagged off run for rio from the dhyanchand stadium in delhi to congratulate the rio olympics bound indian athletes.
;;0.4939;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi had earlier flagged off run for rio from the dhyanchand stadium in delhi to congratulate the rio olympics bound indian athletes.
;;0.4019;;(source: pti)indian prime minister narendramodi took to the micro-blogging site twitter to wish the indian olympic contingent ahead of rio 2016 olympics.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi had earlier flagged off run for rio from the dhyanchand stadium in delhi to congratulate the rio olympics bound indian athletes for making it to the prestigious event.
;;0.3818;;he gave credit to prime minister narendramodi for the development schemes, and said the centre had included ayodhya in various infrastructure development programmes.
;;0.8555;;asked that today he was all praise for narendramodi whose candidature for prime ministership he had opposed initially, sinha said, once the bjp parliamentary board took a decision in this regard, as a disciplined soldier of the party i respected the decision.
;;-0.1114;;(file)launching a scathing attack on rahul gandhi for targeting prime minister narendramodi and accusing him for being disrespectful towards the senior leaders in the party, the bjp on tuesday said the congress president should not forget what his family had done to veteran congress leaders.
;;-0.8176;;prime minister narendramodi also condemned the attacks, describing the events in london as shocking.
;;0.4939;;modi hails poll announcementwelcoming the announcement of the poll dates,chief minister narendramodi tweeted,elections are the biggest festival of democracy.
;;0.0;;when the entire country is moving forward under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , mamata is the only one opposing it.
;;0.0;;in a letter addressed to prime minister narendramodi , the west bengal chief minister on friday wrote that it is fruitless for her to attend the meeting of a body that is bereft of any financial powers.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is all set to chair the fifth meeting of niti aayogs governing council on june 15.
;;0.4939;;mou inked before modis china visitgandhinagar: in the wake of upcoming visit of chief minister narendramodi to china,on thursday a mou has been signed between the government of gujarat and tbea energy (india) private ltd,a chinese firm to develop green energy park in karjan near vadodara.
;;-0.2144;;prime minister narendramodi had then said that we mark not merely the end of a problem but the beginning of a new future.
;;0.5267;;(sarah hafeez)in phulpur, many backward-caste patels talk of prime minister narendramodi modis promise of achche din, as well as the stamping out aatankh, the alleged legacy of akhilesh yadavs tenure in uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi interacted with young innovators and startup entrepreneurs via namo app on wednesday.
;;0.0;;while the stated purpose of the visit was to follow up on the decision to make bihar chief minister nitish kumar a member of a committee chaired by prime minister narendramodi to commemorate the birth centenary of jan sangh ideologue pandit deendayal upadhyay, recent political developments in bihar led to speculation that the visit was more than that.
;;0.0;;in the coming days, prime minister narendramodi will address a spate of rallies and the bjp central leadership seems to be putting its weight behind the delhi unit.
;;0.296;;mamata indirectly accused prime minister narendramodi of trying to take credit for everything positive happening in bengal and spreading lies.
;;0.296;;prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabha prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabhaspeaking in rajya sabha on wednesday, prime minister narendramodi said that media promoted the swachh bharat movement even as the opposition failed to offer support.
;;0.4404;;advertisingi will be reaching out to prime minister narendramodi as well to brief him and request central govt.
;;0.4019;;this visit was announced by prime minister narendramodi after a delegation of j&ks opposition mainstream political parties led by former j&k chief minister and nc working president, omar abdullah had a detailed meeting with him in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;shastri was born in ramnagar in prime minister narendramodi modis lok sabha constituency of varanasi.
;;0.4215;;swamys fall from grace was reflected in prime minister narendramodi modis remarks about vyavastha se upar kisi ko bolne ka haq nahi hai in his times now interview.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi is all set to take his penchant for internet to the next level on august 24,when he will have a live video chat with netizens on a unique google application.
;;0.8248;;recently, bsf in malda has also seized fakers 500 notes of thenew seriesdemonetisation is unlikely to help the indian economy and address the issue of corruption, but the move shows that prime minister narendramodi is ready to take tough and decisive action, a prominent journalist said here.
;;0.8442;;the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , on august 10 gave its ex-post facto approval for amendments to the maternity benefit act, 1961 by introducing the maternity benefit (amendment) bill 2016.
;;0.7003;;instead of soldiers, india sent engineers and workers, and the results are there for everyone to see: a hospital in kabul, the countrys parliament building that prime minister narendramodi inaugurated in december 2015 on his first visit to afghanistan, a 218 km road from zaranj to delaram for better connectivity from the iranian border, the 220kv dc transmission line from pul-e-khumri to kabul, and the $ 300 million salma dam in herath, also called the afghanistan-india friendship dam, that modi inaugurated on saturday.
;;0.6249;;he had played an active role during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the uk last november and was a close aide of cameron during his prime ministership.
;;0.4588;;the channel is dedicated to showing programming about prime minister narendramodi and his governments achievements in the last five years, and live speeches of modi from the rallies he will address across the country in the run up to the elections.
;;0.4201;;i really like the hindi oratory skills of prime minister narendramodi and bollywood actor ashutosh rana, he signed off with a trademark dhanyawaad (thank you).
;;0.0;;express photo pm narendramodi and afghan president mohammad ashraf ghani.
;;0.0;;the documents were exchanged in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and visiting afghan president ashraf ghani.
;;-0.8126;;shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray (express photo) shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray (express photo)taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi , shiv sena president uddhav thackeray said thursday the rs 11,400-crore punjab national bank scam had put the rafale deal scam on the backburner.
;;0.25;;congress mp shashi tharoor (pti photo) congress mp shashi tharoor (pti photo)prime minister narendramodi was paying lip-service to mahatma gandhi and the ruling partys intellectuals, who had been deep-rooted in hatred for the father of the nation, were now hailing him as a hero, congress mp shashi tharoor said on sunday.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi (express photo by praveen jain/file) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by praveen jain/file)prime minister narendramodi will interact with leading economists and sectoral experts on wednesday to deliberate on economic policy roadmap for promoting growth and employment.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will interact with leading economists and the experts across sectors from all over the country at niti aayog tomorrow, an official statement said on tuesday.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi had on november 8 announced that currency notes with denominations of rs 1,000 and rs 500 would no longer be legal tender and had asked people to deposit these notes in their bank accounts, allowing for some portion to be exchanged across the counter.
;;0.9274;;prime minister narendramodi at vibrant gujarat summit (file photo) prime minister narendramodi at vibrant gujarat summit (file photo)it was raining praises for prime minister narendramodi from some global ceos at the vibrant gujarat summit in gandhinagar while one of them went on to say that many in the us wished he could take over the american leadership.
;;0.4019;;b'primne minister narendramodi will launch smart city projects on june 25, 2016.
;;0.4019;;express photo by neeraj priyadarshi primne minister narendramodi will launch smart city projects on june 25, 2016.
;;0.4019;;express photo by neeraj priyadarshiexecution of works in 20 smart cities will kick-start from june 25 with prime minister narendramodi launching 14 projects in pune, while 69 others will commence in other parts of the country entailing a total cost of rs 1,770 crore.
;;0.8126;;prime minister narendramodi will launch smart city projects on june 25, 2016, kick-starting execution of smart city plans of 20 cities selected in the first round of smart city challenge competition, urban development ministry said in a release.
;;0.128;;(source: reuters)after prime minister narendramodi on sunday cited sachin tendulkar as an example for students to compete with oneself and not with others, the cricket legend thanked him and stressed that preparation is key for everyone, be it a student or a player.
;;-0.4767;;(photo: pti)congress president rahul gandhi on sunday took to twitter to launch an attack on prime minister narendramodi over alleged data theft through the official namo app.
;;0.0;;my name is narendramodi modi.
;;0.6463;;also read | narendramodi android app sharing personal info of users without consent: researcherthe war of words came against the backdrop of the misuse of facebook data by british firm cambridge analytica.
;;-0.4767;;(file photo)union miniter smriti irani has hit out at congress for their repeated attack on prime minister narendramodi and comparing him with hitler and mussolini.
;;-0.34;;congress president rahul gandhi has launched pointed attacks at prime minister narendramodi over this issue.
;;-0.7845;;hours after the bjp invited the families of 54 party workers allegedly killed in political violence across west bengal to attend prime minister narendramodi modis swearing-in, chief minister mamata banerjee wednesday said she will not attend the ceremony in delhi.
;;-0.4019;;probably the chinese feel that india is coming out of this finlandisation under prime minister narendramodi , and hence, the serious warning.
;;-0.4939;;(express photo/file)dubbing the union government as anti-dalit, the congress on sunday said its criticism by bjps dalits mps has exposed it and asked prime minister narendramodi to break his silence and respond to their concerns.
;;0.0;;u.s. president donald trump in a telephonic conversation with indian prime minister narendramodi on tuesday discussed india-u.s. ties.
;;0.2115;;taking on prime minister narendramodi on the issue of attacks by cow vigilante, he said, in the name of cow protection, you cannot kill people.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0;;express photo by neeraj priyadarshi prime minister narendramodi .
;;-0.8591;;poets anthology included a guest piece featuring cm in poor light,later removedin the wake of the fiasco over aqeel shatirs anthology,which ran into rough weather with the gujarat urdu sahitya academy over a guest piece featuring chief minister narendramodi in poor light (which was later removed),the academy has now decided to go in for a change in its rules.
;;0.3612;;the jal jeevan mission recently announced by prime minister narendramodi will be a nation-wide movement like the swachh bharat mission, union jal shakti minister gajendra singh shekhawat said in pune on tuesday.
;;-0.5106;;(ap photo/file)pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif on wednesday hit back at his indian counterpart narendramodi , saying poverty cannot be eradicated by driving tanks on farmlands and once again needled india by calling hizbul commander burhan wani a son of the kashmiri soil.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)at the niti aayog governing councils third meeting on monday prime minister narendramodi made two key pitches that could significantly change the political and economic setup.
;;0.0;;holding lok sabha and assembly elections simultaneouslyprime minister narendramodi had floated the idea back in january this year.
;;0.5859;;the bjp appeals to all those who want up to be free from sp and bsp to ignore personal ambitions and support prime minister narendramodi , said chandra mohan, state spokesperson, bjp.
;;0.4019;;adityanath is a five-time lok sabha mp from gorakhpur, and the only bjp candidate from up, apart from narendramodi and rajnath singh, to campaign for candidates from other nda parties in the 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;-0.9274;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)taunting the prime minister on the birth anniversary of bal thackeray, ally shiv sena on monday said the late leader never boasted of a 56-inch chest but the nations enemies were scared by his very name and he stood by narendramodi when bjp had plans to remove him as the gujarat chief minister after godhra riots.
;;-0.296;;advertisinghailing the passage of the bill which makes instant talaq a criminal offence, prime minister narendramodi said it was a victory of gender justice.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (file/pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (file/pti photo)prime minsiter narendramodi will address all senior military commanders as the chair of the combined commanders conference (ccc) in dehradun on saturday.
;;-0.6124;;the patidar anamat andolan samiti has threatened to stage protest against prime minister narendramodi during his gujarat visit tomorrow if its members are not allowed to submit him a memorandum of their demands.
;;-0.7717;;prime minister narendramodi speaks to the relatives of gopinath munde who died in a road accident in delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi flagging of run for rio at major dhyanchand national stadium in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(photo: ani) prime minister narendramodi flagging of run for rio at major dhyanchand national stadium in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(photo: ani)prime minister narendramodi on sunday morning flagged off run for rio, a running event held before the beginning of the rio olympics 2016.
;;0.3182;;wickremesinghe will arrive in new delhi on april 25 on a five-day visit during which he will hold talks with prime minister narendramodi to further expand ties in a range of areas.
;;0.4404;;after being sworn-in as the chief minister of odisha for the fifth consecutive time, bjd supremo naveen patnaik tuesday met prime minister narendramodi and congratulated him for his electoral victory in the general elections.
;;-0.8316;;prime minister narendramodi , addressing brics and bimstec summits in goa on sunday, called pakistan a mother ship of global terrorism and said the menace has become its favourite child.
;;-0.1531;;earlier this week, a joint delegation of kashmir opposition parties, led by former chief minister omar abdullah, had met prime minister narendramodi , who expressed his deep concern and pain over the situation.
;;0.1027;;b'prime minister narendramodi with defence minister manohar parrikar.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi with defence minister manohar parrikar.
;;0.1027;;kailash-mansarovar in the high altitudes could be reached only through the arduous lipulekh pass route and nathu la route, opened by china in 2015 after prime minister narendramodi modis appeal to the chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.5423;;the former maharashtra minister also dismissed prime minister narendramodi modis recent claim that his government has honoured dalit icon b r ambedkar like no other previous dispensation.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi the interaction on thursday was his fourth such interaction with bjp mps from different states.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on thursday asked his party mps to expose the lies and disinformation campaign of the opposition over the governments stand on obcs and the gst legislation by studying the facts and creating the right awareness about them.
;;0.0;;while campaigning for the bjp during assams assembly elections last year, prime minister narendramodi laid emphasis on reducing poaching in the kaziranga national park.
;;0.6705;;united nations secretary general antonio guterres on monday told prime minister narendramodi that he would help out delhi in its quest for membership of the nuclear suppliers group (nsg).
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday inaugurated the 10,000-acre aurangabad industrial city (auric), the countrys first greenfield industrial smart city and a part of the upcoming delhi-mumbai industrial corridor.
;;0.5859;;the gjm leader said the home minister have assured that he would speak to prime minister narendramodi on the issue and try to find a solution.
;;0.4019;;later on, even party vice-president rahul gandhi cited mitron, this time of course in jest, while referring to prime minister narendramodi during his conclusive remarks, after being egged on by the audience.
;;-0.4019;;the objectionthe dispute in the pac over chairman k v thomass remarks about calling prime minister narendramodi for appearance before it on the demonetisation issue is likely to cast a shadow over the panels deliberations on other issues also.
;;0.5859;;he said the ljp was thankful to prime minister narendramodi and the government for properly presenting the matter in court leading to the order.
;;0.0;;(reuters photo)when narendramodi became the countrys prime minister, it was widely believed that he would bring about big-bang economic reforms.
;;0.4939;;the agreement with the naga insurgent group was announced in a media briefing in the presence of prime minister narendramodi on august 3, 2015.
;;0.8316;;as many as 50 former employees of ahmedabad-based navsarjan trust have urged prime minister narendramodi to restore foreign contribution regulation act (fcra) licence of the trust.
;;0.0;;shah mentioned that atal behari vajpayee and sushma swaraj spoke in hindi at world forums, as does prime minister narendramodi now.
;;0.4234;;he said he has had meetings with prime minister narendramodi , union ministers rajnath singh and arun jaitley, pms principal secretary nripendra misra and national security advisor ajit doval over various issues but it was never for tightening screws.
;;0.0;;mamata, who is in the city to meet opposition leaders over the presidential polls and also prime minister narendramodi , is staying at abhisheks 181, south avenue residence.
;;-0.0772;;it was as part of this effort that bjp president amit shah landed in ravidas ashram in r k puram on sunday to listen to prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat radio programme in the company of slum dwellers.
;;0.891;;in guwahati on the other hand senior agp leader and former chief minister prafulla kumar mahanta once again asked prime minister narendramodi to reconsider the centres decision to hand over the 12 oilfields to private companies and support psus like oil india ltd and ongc to explore those oilfields.
;;0.3506;;the credit for this entirely unexpected political turn goes to both prime minister narendramodi modis determination to stay engaged and the canadian pms delayed but welcome acknowledgement of the threat that sikh extremism has come to pose for bilateral relations.
;;0.7717;;advertisingthe speaker had also said that since mishra campaigned for the bhartiya janata party (bjp) and prime minister narendramodi in the lok sabha polls, it indicated that he has given up the membership of his original political party.
;;0.128;;chief minister narendramodi modis personal publicity team and gujarat bjps it team are working on a series of online games to be launched soon on their website  http://www.
;;-0.1531;;the congress government in karnataka has also been seeking the intervention of prime minister narendramodi in calling a meeting of the chief ministers of the cauvery states to address the issue of water sharing that has arisen this year on account of it being a distress year.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was not present at the meet as he had left for jharkhand to attend an event.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi , amit shah at bjp parliamentary meeting on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by anil sharma) prime minister narendramodi , amit shah at bjp parliamentary meeting on tuesday.
;;-0.0258;;(file photo)sri lankan president maithripala sirisena invoked lord buddhas principles to convince the joint opposition to drop their plan to show black flags to prime minister narendramodi during his visit here next week.
;;-0.25;;b'demonstrators stage a protest against the visit by prime minister narendramodi in parliament square, london, britain.
;;-0.25;;(photo: reuters) demonstrators stage a protest against the visit by prime minister narendramodi in parliament square, london, britain.
;;0.6597;;(photo: reuters)prime minister narendramodi received a mixed greeting as he landed in the united kingdom wednesday on a four-day visit.
;;-0.25;;demonstrators stage a protest against the visit by prime minister narendramodi opposite downing street in london, britain.
;;-0.25;;reuters/toby melville demonstrators stage a protest against the visit by prime minister narendramodi opposite downing street in london, britain.
;;-0.7003;;pm narendramodi and bjp president amit shah must condemn such disparaging and distasteful remarks.
;;-0.4754;;prime minister narendramodi said he was extremely pained by the incident.
;;-0.5106;;ahead of chief minister narendramodi modis much-awaited sadbhavana mission fast in godhra on january 20,security has been beefed up in the town that was the nerve-centre of the 2002 riots.
;;0.4404;;while congress leaders claimed the release came at the intervention of prime minister dr manmohan singh,sonia gandhi and ahmed patel,bjp leaders claims it was due to the recent visit of chief minister narendramodi to china,where he had sought their safe release.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and other cabinet minsters.
;;0.0;;(file) prime minister narendramodi and other cabinet minsters.
;;0.3182;;he, however, said it is prime minister narendramodi modis prerogative to expand or change his cabinet.
;;-0.1779;;(file)pm to kashmir youth: 40 years bloodshed helped no one, progress through tourismwhile inaugurating the nine-km long chenani-nashri, the tunnel of fortune for the valley, on sunday, prime minister narendramodi urged the stone pelters to shun violence and take the path that leads to development and progress via tourism.
;;-0.6124;;read more herehundreds of cases, but only one conviction since 2011 under gujarat cow lawthen gujarat chief minister narendramodi had, in october 2011, amended the gujarat animal preservation act, 1954 after inserting clauses that banned cow slaughter and sale, transportation of cow meat.
;;0.2263;;he said kashmiri pandits, who had volunteered to serve in kashmir had high hopes from prime minister narendramodi but these were dashed to the ground.
;;-0.5267;;led by valmiki leader dharamvir sethi, the protesters burnt an effigy of prime minister narendramodi and gave a call for a strike in phagwara on april 2 in protest against the dilution of the act, the police said.
;;0.0;;the election of prime minister narendramodi three years ago has emboldened right-wing hindu groups to push harder for protection of the cow, an animal they consider sacred.
;;0.5423;;asserting that his governments decisions on jammu and kashmir were driven by national interest and not politics, prime minister narendramodi has said that abrogation of special status to j&k under article 370 of the constitution will empower democracy there even more, as the provision had all along helped the local political class avoid transparency and accountability.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping (source: pti photo/file) prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping (source: pti photo/file)prime minister narendramodi on thursday greeted chinese president xi jinping on his 64th birthday through his sina weibo account which was created in 2015.
;;0.0;;p chidambaram (file photo) p chidambaram (file photo)veteran congress leader p chidambaram on saturday said that bjps resounding victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand have established prime minister narendramodi as the most dominant person with a country-wide appeal.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin are set to ink the deal to jointly build two remaining nuclear reactor units at the kudankulam nuclear power plant.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin are set to ink the deal to jointly build two remaining nuclear reactor units at the kudankulam nuclear power plant.
;;0.0;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi is on a visit to russia and arrived at st petersburg on thursday morning.
;;0.4588;;b'us president barack obama with pm narendramodi at the g20 summit welcome dinner hosted by chinese president xi jinping in hangzhou on sunday.
;;0.4588;;ap us president barack obama with pm narendramodi at the g20 summit welcome dinner hosted by chinese president xi jinping in hangzhou on sunday.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (l) shakes hands with britains prime minister theresa may during a bilateral meeting at 10 downing street in london, britain, april 18, 2018.
;;0.0;;kirsty wigglesworth/pool via reuters prime minister narendramodi (l) shakes hands with britains prime minister theresa may during a bilateral meeting at 10 downing street in london, britain, april 18, 2018.
;;0.6908;;kirsty wigglesworth/pool via reutersprime minister narendramodi and his uk counterpart theresa may on wednesday agreed to infuse new energy into bilateral ties, even as pm modi asserted that there wont be any dilution in the importance of the uk to india after brexit.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with uk counterpart theresa may at 10 downing street in london.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with uk counterpart theresa may at 10 downing street in london.
;;0.296;;prince of wales shares a light moment with prime minister narendramodi in london.
;;0.296;;prince of wales shares a light moment with prime minister narendramodi in london.
;;0.0;;this is exactly what prime minister narendramodi has also said, he said.
;;0.0;;from the same stage, prime minister narendramodi said he doesnt need anyones advice on kashmir.
;;0.0;;bonne called on prime minister narendramodi and held wide-ranging talks with doval on thursday, his counterpart for the strategic dialogue, it said.
;;0.34;;b'tamil nadu cm jayalalithaa requested pm narendramodi to take up the cause of tamil fishermen with sri lankan authorities and secure their release.
;;0.34;;(source: pti) tamil nadu cm jayalalithaa requested pm narendramodi to take up the cause of tamil fishermen with sri lankan authorities and secure their release.
;;-0.4767;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , jayalalithaa said the boat which carried five fishermen from tamil nadu last week drifted ashore due to an engine snag following which they were arrested by the sri lankan government.
;;-0.3182;;advertisinguttar pradeshthe last phase, which decided the fate of 918 candidates, including prime minister narendramodi who is seeking re-election from varanasi, witnessed evm glitches and poll boycott at some areas in a few states.
;;0.0;;the meeting is being held after mehbooba returned from delhi where she discussed situation in the kashmir valley with prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh.
;;0.0;;chief minister arvind kejriwal friday met prime minister narendramodi and invited him to visit mohalla clinics and schools in delhi while asserting that his dispensation will examine whether the centres ayushman bharat programme can be integrated with the delhi governments health scheme.
;;0.0;;in a major expansion of prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet yesterday, dave was inducted as a minister of state and given the independent charge of environment ministry.
;;0.0;;advertisingearlier this week, bengal governor kesari nath tripathi met prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah in delhi and apprised them of the situation.
;;0.0;;of the total seven releases by the gujarat information department on thursday,five were on narendramodi modis tour to south india and what he said on various issues.
;;-0.765;;as the crippling strike by workers at its halol plant entered its ninth day,officials from general motors (india) on thursday met chief minister narendramodi even as the protesting workers warned the state government against bowing to the pressure from the american industries.
;;0.0;;among the seats that vote sunday is varanasi, where prime minister narendramodi is seeking a second term.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi has given nuclear energy a renewed thrust.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressed the inauguration of the synthetic track of the usha school, via video conference.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi addressed the inauguration of the synthetic track of the usha school, via video conference.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the new world class synthetic track at the usha (pt usha) school of athletics via video conference on thursday.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi with president of turkey, recep tayyip erdogan at hyderabad house in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) new delhi: prime minister narendramodi with president of turkey, recep tayyip erdogan at hyderabad house in new delhi on monday.
;;-0.7845;;(pti photo)turkish president recep tayyip erdogan on monday assured india of his countrys full support in the fight against terrorism as he held extensive discussion on this evolving threat with prime minister narendramodi , who described it as a shared worry.
;;0.8955;;however, under prime minister narendramodi modis government, indias afghanistan policy is shifting from a reluctant albeit friendly one, to a more confident and multi-dimensional approach: investing in afghanistans nascent democracy and economy; strengthening kabuls defence capability and promoting regional connectivity and integration.
;;0.5106;;read | alternatives to pellet guns in few days: rajnath singhwith no visible sign of any breakthrough in efforts to bring normalcy in the valley, prime minister narendramodi had earlier called for a peaceful solution to the kashmir issue.
;;0.0;;obama, who will be arriving in india on january 25 for talks with prime minister narendramodi and be the chief guest at the republic day, will visit taj mahal on january 27.
;;0.4588;;former finance minister p chidambaram friday said everyone should welcome three announcements prime minister narendramodi made on independence day.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi said 1.
;;0.0;;(source: ap photo) prime minister narendramodi said 1.
;;0.1027;;(source: ap photo)india and egypt on friday decided to significantly step up their defence and security cooperation to effectively deal with twin challenges of terrorism and radicalisation as prime minister narendramodi and egyptian president abdel fattah al-sisi held talks covering the entire expanse of ties.
;;0.5423;;great hope is being invested in the nsa talks  but what results have the recent discussions between prime ministers narendramodi and nawaz sharif produced?
;;-0.5106;;(express file photo/renuka puri)union home minister rajnath singh on monday held a high-level meeting to review the security of prime minister narendramodi in the wake of pune polices findings of an alleged plot to assassinate him in a fashion similar to former pm rajiv gandhis murder.
;;0.0;;the union minister claimed that kashmiri youths had begun realising that they were misled by separatists and now wanted to be part of prime minister narendramodi modis developmental agenda.
;;-0.3182;;b'launching a stinging attack on the congress,gujarat chief minister narendramodi today accused it of sacrificing the nations interest for the gandhi family for which prime minister manmohan singh has been appointed a night watchman.
;;-0.5719;;b'cpi(m)s jammu and kashmir state secretary mohammad yousuf tarigami (source: file/ pti photo) cpi(m)s jammu and kashmir state secretary mohammad yousuf tarigami (source: file/ pti photo)senior cpi(m) leader and mla m y tarigami on saturday questioned the silence of prime minister narendramodi on the disturbing situation in kashmir and asked all democratic forces in the country to raise their voice against the oppression.
;;-0.5859;;the congress today urged prime minister narendramodi to mount diplomatic pressure on pakistan to secure the release of kulbhushan jadhav, who has been sentenced to death by a pakistan military court.
;;0.3612;;on uttar pradesh, singh said that he credits prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah, workers of the bjp and the nda for the victory in the assembly elections in the northern state.
;;-0.7717;;under attack for appreciating gujrat chief minister narendramodi and his bihar counterpart nitish kumar,anna said he only lauded their developmental efforts and has always condemned every communal riot including the one in 1984.
;;-0.5106;;in the reply, the cbi has categorically denied vanzaras claim that it ever summoned the then chief minister narendramodi , now the prime minister, or questioned him in this case.
;;-0.3818;;vanzara had claimed in his plea, the fact also remains that the then chief minister and present prime minister narendramodi was also called by the i o (investigating officer) and was interrogated.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah at the inauguration of the combined bjp national executive committee meeting of all the morchas in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;express photo by amit mehra prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah at the inauguration of the combined bjp national executive committee meeting of all the morchas in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.1779;;express photo by amit mehraasserting that the era of dynasty politics has been replaced by the politics of hard work, prime minister narendramodi on thursday urged his partymen to work hard to reach out to the people and focus on youngsters ahead of the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;over 2,700 gifts received by prime minister narendramodi will go under the hammer from september 14, culture minister prahlad patel said.
;;0.0258;;gujarat chief minister and bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi on friday received backing from none other than melody queen and living legend lata mangeshkar who said she wished to see him as the prime minister of the country.
;;0.6908;;i pray that all wishes of narendramodi come true.
;;-0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday urged people to work for preventing water pollution during immersion of ganesh idols by ensuring that plastic and other waste does not go into sea.
;;0.0;;the ccea chaired by prime minister narendramodi have given green signal the massive line expansion programme that involves track construction of a total length of 1937.
;;-0.4215;;\\watch video: whats making newsthe congress leader also criticised prime minister narendramodi for choosing chandigarh to hold the main event to mark the second international yoga day today.
;;0.0;;in a letter to speaker sumitra mahajan, mann requested her to direct prime minister narendramodi to clarify the remarks.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said india will engage constructively on all pressing international priorities and challenges with world leaders as he is looks forward to a productive and outcome oriented g20 summit in chinas hangzhou that begins from sunday.
;;-0.5859;;meanwhile, congress chief rahul gandhi on thursday challenged prime minister narendramodi to reduce the price rise, warning of nationwide agitation unless done so.
;;-0.5423;;without using vijayvargiyas name, mamata said: for the last two days, a bjp leader who was shunted out of the civic body in indore over corruption charges has been saying prime minister narendramodi had instructed cbi to arrest trinamool leaders sudip bandyopadhyay and tapas paul.
;;0.6808;;b'maharashtra agriculture minister eknath khadse maharashtra agriculture minister eknath khadseat a function last week to mark two years of his government, prime minister narendramodi spoke about the changes ushered in since the nda came to power in may 2014 through good governance while promising to root out corruption.
;;0.0;;however, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday told a delegation of dalit mps that the nda government would continue its welfare initiatives taken for sc/st communities.
;;0.7579;;it was a good and elaborate discussion with prime minister narendramodi on the supreme court judgment.
;;0.4019;;during the visit, she will meet president mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi , external affairs minister sushma swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and other leaders from the ruling and opposition parties, said madan kumar bhattarai, foreign relations adviser to bhandari.
;;-0.9062;;union minister for urban development, housing & urban poverty alleviation m. venkaiah naidu (source: pti photo by kamal singh) union minister for urban development, housing & urban poverty alleviation m. venkaiah naidu (source: pti photo by kamal singh)a day after opposition leaders gathered at the 94th birthday celebrations of dmk patriarch m karunanidhi and attacked the nda government on several issues, union minister for information and broadcasting m venkaiah naidu termed their criticism of prime minister narendramodi and his government laughable.
;;0.0;;ptiprime minister narendramodi completed his post-graduation in political science from gujarat university in 1983 and had scored 62.
;;0.296;;delhi university has also been asked to share information regarding degrees in the name of mr narendramodi damodardas modi in the year 1978.
;;-0.4588;;sonia attacked mamata, saying the chief minister has replicated in bengal what prime minister narendramodi has done at the centre.
;;0.7096;;several artistes from karnataka have sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention, alleging irregularities in the awarding of prizes to folk performers and tableaux in this years republic day parade.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi congratulated team isro for the successful launch.
;;0.7269;;chief minister narendramodi heads the elected government of gujarat,which is an important state and can play a key role in fostering better indo-british ties,british high commissioner to india james bevan said on wednesday.
;;0.128;;mushti dhanya sangraha abhina was launched by prime minister narendramodi during his visit to davangere last month.
;;0.3477;;as prime minister narendramodi welcomed cypruss support to indias bid for membership of the 48-nation nuclear suppliers group (nsg), president pranab mukherjee has said there is an urgent need to strengthen the global counter-terrorism mechanism so that the menace can be fought jointly by the international community.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe joint statement was issued during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the gulf kingdom.
;;-0.8225;;in another resolution, sad core committee asked prime minister narendramodi to take up with pakistan the issue of demolition of a heritage and religious site connected with the life of guru nanak devit also expressed grave concern over the death of an innocent boy in police custody (in faridkot) and demanded strictest legal action against the culprits.
;;0.1531;;a month ago, the cji also wrote to prime minister narendramodi to initiate a motion for removal of justice shukla after an in-house panel found him guilty of misconduct.
;;0.0;;once such a level of competency is achieved, india could actually export stents making prime minister narendramodi modis make in india viable for medical devices.
;;-0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi announced ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh for the next of kin of those killed and rs 50,000 for those seriously injured, from the prime ministers national relief fund.
;;-0.7096;;on monday, prime minister narendramodi said that future generations will talk of our struggle to rejuvenate the narmada river on monday, prime minister narendramodi said that future generations will talk of our struggle to rejuvenate the narmada riveron monday, prime minister narendramodi said that future generations will talk of our struggle to rejuvenate the narmada river.
;;0.5994;;hailing the historic move, prime minister narendramodi , who was present in lok sabha, tweeted in hindi later: congratulations to all countrymen over passage of the gst bill.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi offered prayers at sree krishna temple in guruvayur in thrissur saturday morning.
;;0.2023;;it is the foresightedness of prime minister narendramodi and is an important step towards a people-friendly government.
;;0.34;;ahead of the independence day, security has been stepped up around the red fort in the national capital, from where prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to address the nation at 7 am tomorrow.
;;-0.2263;;(representational)senior congress leader prithviraj chavan has urged prime minister narendramodi to immediately recall two maharashtra ministers, who are on a junket as part of a legislative delegation visiting australia, singapore and new zealand, in the backdrop of protests across the state over tur dal procurement.
;;0.5423;;some bjp leaders have taken prime minister narendramodi modis remarks in his victory speech about lesser-known party mlas who just got elected as a hint to his choice for the top posts in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand.
;;0.0;;not just this, prime minister narendramodi has asked them to present videos of their meetings and press conferences too.
;;0.5184;;on the other hand, each such episode is an exposition of the limitations of indian diplomacy with china  even a personal word from prime minister narendramodi to chinese president xi jinping, and an appeal from external affairs minister sushma swaraj, have not done the trick.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with, left to right, brazilian president michel temer, russian president vladimir putin, chinese president xi jinping and south african president jacob zuma addressing the brics business council meeting during brics summit in benaulim, goa.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with, left to right, brazilian president michel temer, russian president vladimir putin, chinese president xi jinping and south african president jacob zuma addressing the brics business council meeting during brics summit in benaulim, goa.
;;-0.891;;watch | pakistani troops violate ceasefire in jammu kashmirs rajouri districtgiven the domestic backdrop of the uri terror attack and the indian response, prime minister narendramodi focused consistently on the scourge of terrorism in a resolute manner.
;;-0.2263;;b'senior congress leader kamal nath senior congress leader kamal naththe congress on friday said bravado, rhetoric and hyperbole were the hallmark of prime minister narendramodi modis government which has completed three years in office and demanded a white paper on its employment strategy.
;;0.7783;;amid growing clamour to declare gujarat chief minister narendramodi as the prime ministerial candidate of bjp,party vice-president uma bharti sunday said people look at him as a strong leader,as they want someone who can tackle issues like terrorism,naxalism.
;;-0.4019;;syed noor-ur rahman barkati, who has been in the news for issuing a fatwa against prime minister narendramodi and refusing to refrain from using red beacon on his car, was on wednesday sacked as shahi imam of tipu sultan mosque.
;;0.0;;he also said he would not remove the red beacon even if prime minister narendramodi asked him to.
;;0.6249;;india had managed to secure support of nsg members switzerland and mexico during prime minister narendramodi modis recent visit to these two countries as part of a five-nation tour.
;;0.4404;;jo apne baap ka nahi huwa, wo kisi ka nahi ho sakta, mulayam told reporters in mainpuri, while supporting a statement made by prime minister narendramodi during an election campaign rally in the state.
;;0.2263;;three, the decision undermines prime minister narendramodi modis inspirational call for minimum government, maximum governance.
;;-0.34;;b'the aap friday announced that it would gherao prime minister narendramodi modis residence if he failed to take decisive action against congress president sonia gandhi and others named in the agustawestland deal in the next seven days.
;;-0.5859;;we demand to know what are the compulsions that make narendramodi protect the gandhi family and others accused in this scam?
;;-0.128;;three months after prime minister narendramodi spent a day at a meditation cave at the kedarnath shrine in uttarakhand, in the final days of the general elections, the garhwal mandal vikas nigam (gmvn) has started the construction of another cave 15 metres away, seeing the demand.
;;0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi has been honoured with russias highest state decoration, the order of st andrew the apostle, for his role in promoting close ties between the two countries.
;;-0.1027;;vijayvargiya questioned khans patriotism saying he had become a bharat virodhi (anti-india) and seemed to have joined international forces out to defame india and dampen prime minister narendramodi modis development agenda.
;;-0.1027;;the gujarat director general of police (dgp) amitabh pathak,who died in thailand on saturday,was cremated with police honours in the presence of chief minister narendramodi and home minister rajni patel in ahmedabad on sunday.
;;0.5994;;(source: ap)president barack obama is looking forward to a summit with prime minister narendramodi in september to set an ambitious new agenda to chart a new course in the bilateral ties, top us functionaries john kerry and penny pritzker said on friday.
;;0.0;;the book, the cover page of which carries the images of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, is divided into several segments and leads with a title farmers first.
;;0.0;;highly-placed sources in the state unit of the bjp said, the book titled  saaf niyat, sahi vikas  lists out achievements of the narendramodi government over the last four years.
;;0.8519;;some days ago, prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the wadhwani institute for artificial intelligence, reportedly indias first research institute focused on ai solutions for social good.
;;0.0;;saraswati shivram, 22, and saddam sikandar hussain, 23, both from mandla town, were among 1001 couples who got married on april 26 at mandla at the end of a three-day adi utsava, which was attended by prime minister narendramodi on the first day.
;;-0.5859;;protest against ubi & obc bank mergerthe cm has written to prime minister narendramodi protesting against the centres unilateral decision to merge two public sector banks headquartered in kolkata without consulting the state government, pti reported.
;;0.6369;;two days after he spoke to prime minister narendramodi and pakistan pm imran khan, us president donald trump suggested  for the third time in a month  that he will do the best he can to mediate on the kashmir issue.
;;0.0;;10 pm: prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah are expected to attend the swearing-in ceremony tomorrow in lucknow.
;;0.128;;after its beti bachao-selfie banao initiative caught prime minister narendramodi modis attention prompting him to announce #selfiewithdaughter, the bibipur panchayat on sunday launched digital india with laado, a campaign to replace names of family-heads in the nameplates with their daughters moniker.
;;-0.6124;;advertisingon saturday night, gandhi said that some reports had come in from jammu and kashmir about the violence there and prime minister narendramodi must assuage concerns over the matter in a transparent manner.
;;0.4215;;describing the bjp as an organic entity, prime minister narendramodi was learnt to have stressed the importance of collective efforts to party mps.
;;0.0;;what kind of chowkidari (watchmans job) is narendramodi doing, he asked.
;;0.959;;just about a month after chief justice of india ranjan gogoi wrote to prime minister narendramodi to consider increasing the strength of judges in the supreme court, the union cabinet wednesday decided to bring a bill to increase the strength by 10 per cent from 30 to 33 judges apart from the chief justice.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi did the rest with his tweets congratulating the leaders of both the factions, knowing little that he and his party have already dug the grave for this aiadmk government led by palaniswamy.
;;0.0772;;the lone representative of the congress from the city shared the stage with gujarat chief minister narendramodi who also held a meeting with chawla along with a handful of other mayors.
;;0.743;;according to uk officials, the energy for growth dialogue takes forward a commitment made by prime ministers narendramodi and theresa may during her visit to india in november.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi recently opened a pandoras box by condemning the allopathic doctors of the country during an interaction called bharat ki baat, sab ke saath with the diaspora in london.
;;0.4019;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , kejriwal alleged that baijal is doing nothing to break the impasse despite repeated requests from the party and sought the pms intervention in the case.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , up chief minister and sp chief akhilesh yadav, bsp chief mayawati, congress vice president rahul gandhi and several cabinet ministers have addressed public meetings.
;;0.4019;;pradhan said that party leaders including union ministers, mps, mlas and office-bearers will hold public meetings to spread the messages given by home minister amit shah in his speeches in parliament during the debate on article 370 and prime minister narendramodi modis address to the nation.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with iranian president hassan rouhan during their meeting in tehran, iran, monday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with iranian president hassan rouhan during their meeting in tehran, iran, monday.
;;0.2263;;a senior official said, bjp president amit shah and prime minister narendramodi gave their consent for the ouster following a string of allegations that coincided with the completion of two years of the bjp-led government at the centre.
;;0.0;;b'bangladeshi pm sheikh hasina and prime minister narendramodi (source: pmo/twitter) bangladeshi pm sheikh hasina and prime minister narendramodi (source: pmo/twitter)missing ministersbangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina, who visited new delhi last week for bilateral talks, was accompanied by five ministers.
;;0.5106;;building of human mind will change the mindset which will change the situation on it own, he said, adding that it was prime minister narendramodi modis effective and active leadership that earned india a goodwill in world in fighting natural calamities and difficult situations.
;;0.0;;indian prime minister narendramodi arrived in sri lanka on thursday for a two-day official visit.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi with his australian counterpart malcolm turnbull.
;;0.0;;in) pm narendramodi with his australian counterpart malcolm turnbull.
;;0.8316;;in)australian prime minister malcolm turnbull today said he will use his first trip to india to further strengthen the bilateral ties and discuss with prime minister narendramodi the enormous opportunities for collaboration in areas like trade and security.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi and i will discuss the enormous opportunities for collaboration between australia and india, he said.
;;0.5267;;the metropolitan magistrate hearing the protest petition filed by zakia jafri against the supreme court-appointed sits closure report giving clean chit to chief minister narendramodi and others in the post-godhra riots case was transferred on thursday as part of a routine exercise by the high court registrar.
;;-0.4404;;the congress president added that the signatures collected through the series of the campaigns will be sent to prime minister narendramodi through the governor to apprise him about the resentment of the people here.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi walks for a cabinet meeting at parliament library in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi walks for a cabinet meeting at parliament library in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.743;;(source: pti photo)the bjp top brass set the tone for the 2019 lok sabha polls at its parliamentary party meeting on thursday with prime minister narendramodi asking party leaders to reach out to youths.
;;0.296;;rubbishing prime minister narendramodi modis shoot me statement as a poll gimmick, the congress urged the bharatiya janata party (bjp)-led government at the centre to stop this dalit tokenism as people are wise enough to see through their drama.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has stayed away from the developments for now.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi will inaugurate the event,which will also host delegations from 28 states and experts from foreign countries.
;;-0.4588;;they said crucial information about activities of the banned maoist outfit, including an e-mail communication suggesting plans to assassinate pm narendramodi , have been recovered from wilsons laptop.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi with home minister rajnath singh after paying tributes to sardar vallabhbhai patel on the occasion of his birth anniversary, at parliament house, in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;pti photo new delhi: prime minister narendramodi with home minister rajnath singh after paying tributes to sardar vallabhbhai patel on the occasion of his birth anniversary, at parliament house, in new delhi on monday.
;;0.3612;;pti photooutlining the importance of technology in weeding out corruption from the system, prime minister narendramodi on monday said that technology has a major role to bring in transparency.
;;0.8481;;maitreyan also thanked prime minister narendramodi for his guidance and noted that he has acted as a bridge between his leader and the prime minister and thanked him for his personal affection.
;;0.4019;;in 2014, prime minister narendramodi announced the swachh bharat, or clean india, campaign and vowed to eliminate open defecation nationwide in five years.
;;-0.4019;;congress leader anand sharma (file photo) congress leader anand sharma (file photo)the governments policy on jammu and kashmir is a disaster and it lacks a roadmap to engage with pakistan, congress leader anand sharma said on saturday, targeting prime minister narendramodi over it.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the maritime india summit to be held at the bombay convention and exhibition centre in goregaon from april 14 to 16.
;;0.4019;;the opposition congress and jd(s) have questioned the ruling bjp in karnataka on prime minister narendramodi not addressing the issue of flood relief during a weekend visit to bengaluru.
;;0.25;;at a rally in fatehpur on february 19, prime minister narendramodi , while accusing the samajwadi party government of discriminating on grounds of religion, said, if a village gets a kabristan (graveyard), it should get a shamshaan (cremation ground) too.
;;0.0;;narendra modi and rajya sabha mp suresh gopi (right) narendramodi and rajya sabha mp suresh gopi (right)actor-turned-rajya sabha mp suresh gopi told ie malayalam in an interview that he saw prime minister narendramodi as an international communist, not as a bjp leader, when the latter announced the move to demonetise old currency notes of rs 500 and rs 1000 on november 8 last year.
;;-0.3182;;on the day note ban was announced, i saw in narendramodi , not a bjp leader, but an international communist.
;;0.0;;pti photo / tv grabagreeing with members of the opposition, rajya sabha chairman hamid ansari wednesday said prime minister narendramodi had digressed from parliamentary practice by not conceding to the requests of cpi(m) member sitaram yechury and jd(u) mp sharad yadav to let them intervene during his speech on wednesday evening.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh have expressed their condolences over the incident, and the centre has been thinking seriously to ensure the security of its jawans and avoid such incidents in future, the minister of state for home affairs said.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee will meet prime minister narendramodi in new delhi wednesday, state secretariat sources confirmed.
;;0.0;;advertisingupping the ante against the chief minister, bjp national secretary rahul sinha said, we all know the kind of language she (banerjee) had used against prime minister narendramodi during lok sabha elections and afterwards.
;;0.4767;;that same evening, prime minister narendramodi addressed the nation and announced the decision to withdraw the notes effective midnight november 8.
;;0.3182;;in the first bjp parliamentary party meeting after he came back to power, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday pulled up party mps for their poor attendance in parliament, and asked them to be present during legislative proceedings.
;;0.296;;responding to a query on the demand for special status for goa, parsekar said state government will not raise the issue before prime minister narendramodi during his visit to goa on november 13, when he will come to lay the foundation stone of mopa airport.
;;-0.296;;b'prime minister narendramodi modis announcement that india will ratify the paris climate accord on october 2 has ended an uncertain period in the countrys climate change diplomacy.
;;0.4215;;although prime minister narendramodi has said indians felt proud about the canonisation, the head of a hindu grassroots movement that supports his government provoked controversy last year by accusing mother teresa of seeking to convert people to christianity.
;;0.9062;;expressing gratitude to the people of delhi, prime minister narendramodi thanked people for showing overwhelming support for bjp and also lauded the hard work of party workers for ensuring their victory in all three municipal corporations.
;;0.6486;;b'andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naiduandhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu today spoke to prime minister narendramodi over phone and thanked him for agreeing to bear 100 per cent cost of the polavaram multi-purpose project.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi would on friday meet his bangladeshi counterpart, sheikh hasina, on the sidelines of visva bharatis convocation.
;;0.0;;(file) prime minister narendramodi would on friday meet his bangladeshi counterpart, sheikh hasina, on the sidelines of visva bharatis convocation.
;;0.0;;(file)prime minister narendramodi would on friday meet his bangladeshi counterpart, sheikh hasina, on the sidelines of visva bharatis convocation.
;;0.2732;;calling the midnight crackdown against baba ramdev and his supporters at ramlila ground in delhi as the beginning of the end of delhi sultanate,gujarat chief minister narendramodi on sunday pledged support to his fight against corruption and held prime minister manmohan singh directly responsible for the shameful incident.
;;0.3182;;(ani photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday held wide ranging talks with his nepalese counterpart pushpa kamal dahal prachanda on key issues including the political process in the himalayan nation and ways to strengthen ties.
;;0.2732;;speaking at a joint press meet after the exchange of agreements between the two nations, prime minister narendramodi talked about the ties between india and nepal.
;;0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe had last year launched the ambitious project, which is expected to be completed by 2022.
;;0.0;;the preparations going on at the fast venue of chief minister narendramodi till late saturday suggested that last months the five-star style of last months sadbhavana mission in ahmedabad will be replicated in dwarka.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabha prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabhaprime minister narendramodi took a dig at former prime minister manmohan singh during his speech in rajya sabha on wednesday evening.
;;-0.6808;;the former chief minister was reacting to prime minister narendramodi modis statement on april 2 at the inauguration of chenani-nashri tunnel that the youth of kashmir need to choose between tourism and terrorism.
;;-0.2732;;b'delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and prime minister narendramodi delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and prime minister narendramodi modidelhi chief minister arvind kejriwal sunday said media reports claiming delhi university has blocked an rti query seeking details of prime minister narendramodi modis ba degree deepen the mystery surrounding his educational qualifications.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with his japanese counterpart shinzo abe during a bilateral meeting at the 28th and 29th asean summit in vientiane, laos on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi with his japanese counterpart shinzo abe during a bilateral meeting at the 28th and 29th asean summit in vientiane, laos on wednesday.
;;0.3182;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday met his japanese counterpart shinzo abe after arriving here and discussed ways to strengthen strategic bilateral ties.
;;0.3818;;discussing stronger ties with japanpm narendramodi meets japan pm shinzo abe, the prime ministers office tweeted as the almost 45 minutes-long bilateral talks began.
;;0.8225;;speaking at guruvayur in kerala, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said, those who made us win are ours and those who did not make us win are also ours.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will address military commanders in dehradun today.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi will address military commanders in dehradun today.
;;0.1027;;india will be admitted as a full member of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) during the summit of the regional grouping on june 8-9 in kazakhstan, where prime minister narendramodi will be present.
;;0.7269;;whether they herald a renewed impetus to indias maritime outreach or, perhaps, the actualisation of prime minister narendramodi modis 2015 sagar vision, depends on whether they are random actions or part of a coherent indian maritime grand strategy.
;;0.5994;;india is becoming a super power and it will become one under prime minister narendramodi modis leadership.
;;0.6659;;last month, addressing the stakeholders of energy business at the international energy forum (ief), prime minister narendramodi had appealed that we dont expect a low oil price of say usd 25-30 but we must expect a reasonable and responsible price, said the minister.
;;0.0;;abantika ghosh: of late, prime minister narendramodi has been talking about simultaneous elections to the lok sabha and state assemblies.
;;-0.4019;;(source: express photo)a 24-year-old woman was detained by police for breaking through barricades and throwing a flower pot on rajpath in the heavily guarded raisina hill area, less than a minute before prime minister narendramodi modis convoy was to pass through.
;;0.0;;pm modi at saturdays joint press conference (source: ani_news/twitter) pm modi at saturdays joint press conference (source: ani_news/twitter)prime minister narendramodi , his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee jointly inaugurated, via video conference, the trial-run of a passenger train service between khulna city in bangladesh and kolkata.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi was on saturday weighed in 95 kg of silver in morbi,where he went to inaugurate the newly formed district by the same name,carved out of surendranagar.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi modis independence day speech is likely to be remembered for its end-notes.
;;0.0;;the two class ix students have just returned from the isro headquarters in bengaluru, where they had gone to watch the landing of chandrayaan 2 on the surface of the moon along with prime minister narendramodi early september 7.
;;0.4767;;fulfilling a commitment prime minister narendramodi had made at the kathmandu saarc summit in 2014, the indian space research organisation (isro) friday launched a communications satellite that will serve the needs of all countries in south asia, except pakistan which opted out of the project.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi , while condoling the demise, hailed kadakin and his contribution to the india-russia ties.
;;0.9781;;b'in this picture released by the official website of the office of the iranian supreme leader, supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei, right, speaks with prime minister narendramodi during their meeting in tehran, iran, monday, may 23, 2016 (office of the iranian supreme leader via ap) in this picture released by the official website of the office of the iranian supreme leader, supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei, right, speaks with prime minister narendramodi during their meeting in tehran, iran, monday, may 23, 2016 (office of the iranian supreme leader via ap)prime minister narendramodi on monday gifted iranian supreme leader sayyid ali khamenei a rare 7th century manuscript of the holy quran written in kufic script and attributed to prophets son-in-law hazrat ali.
;;0.3612;;(file photo)speaking in 23rd chapter of mann ki baat radio programme, prime minister narendramodi touched various subjects including the importance of teachers day.
;;-0.765;;russian president vladimir putin, who arrived in the western indian state of goa on saturday, and indias prime minister narendramodi will discuss regional security issues and the threat posed by global terrorism.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi meets differently abled participants tuesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi meets differently abled participants tuesday.
;;-0.0516;;tuesday turned out to be a special day for a group of 14 jawans from the paraplegic rehabilitation centre, mohali, who had come to take part in the second international yoga day as prime minister narendramodi walked into their block to interact with them.
;;-0.6249;;the congress on sunday used the april fools day to mock prime minister narendramodi and his government over their alleged failures in creating jobs and rein in corruption as the party marked the occasion as jumla day.
;;0.0;;he said her meeting with prime minister narendramodi sometime back is a manifest of sincerity of both the coalition partners, pdp and bjp, in the state to meet the genuine concerns of the people.
;;0.4019;;b'the jd(u) on friday took a jibe at gujarat chief minister narendramodi for his remarks that it is the duty of every child to repay the debt he owes to mother india and said when a politician comments like this,it reflects his desire for the delhi crown.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday extended best wishes to his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif for his open-heart surgey to be held in uk next tuesday.
;;0.1027;;@maryamnsharif  narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 28, 2016sharif will undergo an open-heart surgery on tuesday, defence minister khawaja asif had said on friday.
;;0.2187;;especially since a world bank report confirmed this week that narendramodi has not succeeded in making india business friendly.
;;0.0;;the 15-volume sampoorna vangmay of deendayal upadhyay was released by prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and rss leaders including, bhaiyyaji joshi, among others in october last year.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi will visit portugal, the netherlands and the us beginning june 24, during which he will hold talks on key bilateral issues including boosting of trade and security ties.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on wednesday greeted the nation on the occasion of basant panchami.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee at the rashtrapati bhavan.
;;0.0;;(file phot0) prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee at the rashtrapati bhavan.
;;0.0772;;(file)prime minister narendramodi will kick off a 15-day exercise to mark the nations 70th year of independence by visiting revolutionary leader chandrashekhar azads birth place in madhya pradesh with the government lining up a number of events, including a week-long cultural events at rajpath, for the occasion.
;;0.25;;meanwhile, asserting that prime minister narendramodi has a vision for education, javadekar said he will consult with everybody as this was everybodys subject.
;;0.0;;in yesterdays cabinet reshuffle, the third since narendramodi assumed office on may 26, 2014, 19 new cabinet ministers were sworn in.
;;-0.4767;;he demanded chief minister shivraj singh chouhans resignation and also hit out at prime minister narendramodi for keeping mum on the issue.
;;0.0;;during his presentation at the meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi , he made recommendations on digital transformation programmes and higher compensation for local bodies tax following enforcement of goods and services tax.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will be in london from april 18, and will attend the summit on april 19-20.
;;0.0772;;like prime minister narendramodi when he first became chief minister of gujarat in 2001, he has been a life-long rss functionary with no experience in administration.
;;-0.3182;;(file photo)former union home secretary g k pillais admission that the june 2004 killing of ishrat jahan and three other alleged lashkar-e-taiba terrorists in gujarat, under the then chief minister narendramodi , was the result of an intelligence entrapment operation could lead to the questioning of key figures in the upas security establishment, an authoritative intelligence source familiar with the case has told the indian express.
;;0.6808;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday met the indian athletes who took part in the rio paralympic games, including the four medallists, and applauded them for making the country proud with their achievements.
;;-0.128;;teachers in bloody protest,write to cmahmedabad: about 2,500 university and college teachers on monday signed a memorandum with their blood and sent it to chief minister narendramodi and state education minister raman lal vora in connection with their demands for better service conditions and payment of arrears,claimed president of gujarat state federation of university and college teachers association m m raval,adding they will go on a strike from september 15 if their demands were not met.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will also take part in the event.
;;0.0;;b'us president barack obama, left, and prime minister narendramodi walking together in hyderabad house, new delhi.
;;0.0;;(file/ap photo) us president barack obama, left, and prime minister narendramodi walking together in hyderabad house, new delhi.
;;0.8555;;and it would be seen to best advantage in the contrast between narendramodi modis abrasive interview in his campaign bus, and a network 18 schmoozefest later, anchored by raghav behl and sanjay pugalia, where modi kindly asked if sardesai was present and accounted for.
;;0.296;;the party should see why, despite several programmes initiated by prime minister narendramodi and partys attempts to reach out to the dalits, the bjp has failed to get the communitys vote for the party.
;;-0.6908;;demonetisation, the unplanned implementation of gst, farmers distress and the loss of jobs in the informal sector, have contributed to dent prime minister narendramodi modis appeal in sections which had swung to his side in 2014, and again in 2017 in up.
;;0.1779;;delhi bjp president manoj tiwari tuesday claimed the sealing drive in mayapuri was conducted on the behest of chief minister arvind kejriwal, to dampen the spirit of prime minister narendramodi modis address to traders, scheduled at talkatora stadium on april 19.
;;-0.0772;;(source: pti photo)at his first election rally in uttar pradesh since polls were announced, prime minister narendramodi attacked the samajwadi party and congress, saying the corrupt had joined hands to bring him down.
;;0.4215;;at an individual level, prime minister narendramodi remains exceedingly popular; three years into his government, even while his administration might stumble, his personal standing remains sky-high.
;;-0.8979;;(source: twitter/ani)a coimbatore-based automobile financier, who was convicted in the 1998 coimbatore blast and served jail term, was arrested on monday night on the basis of a leaked telephone conversation in which he was heard allegedly telling a customer that he had plans to kill prime minister narendramodi , apparently in a bid to intimidate the customer.
;;0.5859;;this year, president pranab mukherjee paid a successful visit to china while president xi jinping has met indian prime minister narendramodi twice, in tashkent and hangzhou.
;;0.4588;;in a historic declaration, prime minister narendramodi had announced a reduction in interest  6.
;;0.6249;;the para-athletes were welcomed warmly on their return from rio and were hosted by prime minister narendramodi at his residence.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi also condoled the death.
;;-0.3182;;here are the highlights from the st petersburg metro blast:8:25 pm prime minister narendramodi expresses deep saddness over the loss of lives in the blasts at st. petersburg metro.
;;0.0;;bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi would file his nomination papers for varanasi lok sabha seat on april 24, his close aide amit shah said on saturday.
;;-0.1779;;the ins also welcomed prime minister narendramodi modis decision to turn down the union ministry of information and broadcastings stringent guidelines on fake news.
;;-0.7003;;read | damage control by pm narendramodi , he orders smriti iranis punish-journalist directive withdrawnin a statement issued on wednesday, the ins said that it is anguished over the recent unreasonable and biased decision of the chairman, pci, while selecting the names of persons to be nominated as members for a fresh term.
;;0.0;;the event is expected to be attended by chief minister narendramodi who will be in rajkot city on that day to inaugurate a flyover.
;;0.0;;shiv sena chief bal thackeray has said gujarat chief minister narendramodi would lead his party,bjp,to a third consecutive victory in the next assembly elections.
;;0.0;;(file)tamil nadu chief minister k palaniswami met prime minister narendramodi on wednesday for an hour at his residence to discuss development issues in the state.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi in lok sabha.
;;0.0;;(source: youtube) pm narendramodi in lok sabha.
;;0.4404;;(source: youtube)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday replied to the motion of thanks to the presidents joint address to the parliament on budget day.
;;0.4939;;the roadshow took off from kutchery at around 3 pm, close on the heels of a similar show of strength by prime minister narendramodi in his lok sabha constituency.
;;0.0;;the 10-km-long roadshow is scheduled to end at maidagin area of the city, where prime minister narendramodi will address a rally later in the evening.
;;0.4019;;bjp election campaign committee chairman narendramodi wants the party to follow the gujarat model in preparing for 2014.
;;0.4939;;ap photoa day before prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to hold an election rally at achouba ground in west imphal district of manipur, police have recovered two hand grenades outside the houses of two bjp leaders.
;;-0.431;;a four-time mla from mau, mukhtar, who is in jail for the last 10 years for his alleged involvement in the murder of former bjp mla krishnanand rai, had announced to contest the 2014 lok sabha elections against bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi from varanasi but withdrew later.
;;-0.5242;;he also accused the narendramodi government for not fulfilling the promises made during lok sabha polls.
;;-0.7121;;two years of narendramodi government is a story of failure and the issues raised by the bjp during polls to lure voters were not taken care of after it formed government.
;;0.6486;;the information & broadcasting ministers remarks came on a day andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu met prime minister narendramodi and several union ministers seeking special status for the state besides other benefits.
;;0.6486;;(source: express photo by tashi tobgyal)dropping hints that the pdp is ready to form the state government with the bjp, pdp chief mehbooba mufti said her father, late mufti mohammad sayeed, believed only prime minister narendramodi can do something for reconciliation between india and pakistan, and she has faith in her fathers decision.
;;-0.7212;;karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy friday accused prime minister narendramodi of not sharing complete details of balakot air strikes.
;;0.0;;did narendramodi form bangladesh?
;;0.4215;;(source: express photo by renuka puri)prime minister narendramodi has been invited to address a joint meeting of the us congress on june 8 during his visit to the united states, speaker of the us house of representative paul ryan said on thursday.
;;0.4404;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiin a step which will significantly improve the management of preventable disorders, prime minister narendramodi has initiated a time-bound process to bring the public health framework up to speed.
;;0.0;;bhatts counsel,i h syed,argued mainly on two points that the complainant,k d panth,has been changing his version over bhatts claim of attending the alleged meeting called by chief minister narendramodi on february 27,2002.
;;-0.765;;a storm was kicked up by bjp members on thomas statement last week that pac can call prime minister narendramodi to depose on the note ban issue, forcing the panel to issue a press release rejecting the congress leaders contention.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and us president barack obama sipping tea during their one-to-one talks at hyderabad house.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)chemistry between us president barack obama and prime minister narendramodi was very much evident on sunday with the indian leader calling him by his first name more than once during their joint media interaction.
;;0.4215;;external affairs minister sushma swaraj visited saudi arabia this week and prime minister narendramodi is traveling to palestine, oman and the united arab emirates.
;;-0.296;;the much-anticipated visit of the bangladesh prime minister was first slated to happen last december to discuss a wide range of bilateral issues with her indian counterpart narendramodi , but the plan got postponed.
;;0.0;;daniel carmon (right) and senior assistant editor shubhajit roy at the indian express office daniel carmon (right) and senior assistant editor shubhajit roy at the indian express officeisrael president reuven rivlins visit to india in november 2016 is expected to pave the way for prime minister narendramodi modis visit to that country this year, the first by an indian pm.
;;0.0;;preparations in full swing in chandigarh ahead of narendramodi modis visit.
;;0.0;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on thursday flagged off countrys first low-cost flight under the centres udan (ude desh ka aam nagrik) scheme at the jubbarhatti airport on the outskirts of shimla.
;;0.0;;b n navalawala,who advises chief minister narendramodi on water resources,said,we have commissioned studies to assess possible impacts of earthquakes and tsunamis on kalpsar.
;;0.4767;;amidst renewed focus on j&k and the lockdown in the valley, prime minister narendramodi arrives in biarritz, an elegant seaside town on southwest frances basque coast, on sunday afternoon for his first g-7 summit.
;;-0.1027;;the question is about how prime minister narendramodi wants to deal with its bitter neighbour in the north, as erstwhile national security advisor brajesh mishra described china after indias 1998 nuclear tests.
;;0.0;;adityanath said that prime minister narendramodi has frequently referred to the alleged anomalies in recruitments by the up public service commission in the past.
;;0.4019;;however, under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , the state has been freed of divisive politics, he said.
;;0.4939;;prasad said the working group is follow-up of bilateral agreement signed between prime minister narendramodi and his portuguese counterpart antonio costa.
;;0.0;;in november 2015, prime minister narendramodi announced a package of rs 80,068 crore for j&k.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with chairman of the essel group, subhash chandra during the event being organised on the occasion of essel groups 90 years celebrations in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with chairman of the essel group, subhash chandra during the event being organised on the occasion of essel groups 90 years celebrations in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.3182;;(source: pti photo)dubious ageit was a testimony to businessman mp subhash chandras clout that both prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee attended the 90th anniversary of the essel group along with several prominent politicians, sadhus, and subrata roy of the sahara group, who is out on bail.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee jointly flagged off the train service through video link from new delhi.
;;0.7579;;having helped bring together a motley crew of regional parties to face the general election in tamil nadu, the bjp is deploying its a listers led by prime ministerial candidate narendramodi to win over the electorate.
;;0.8271;;lal referred to prime minister narendramodi modis comments on the core ideals of south-south cooperation when the indian leader had said that south-south cooperation is a partnershipbeyond strategic concerns and economic benefits but is formed from the emotional bonds we share and the solidarity we feel for each other.
;;-0.2235;;prime minister narendramodi had on saturday tried to contact west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee to discuss cyclone fani but could not do so as his calls were not returned, a top government official has said.
;;0.2023;;first, there was a strong statement by prime minister narendramodi on january 30, calling for an end to the stigma and discrimination that those afflicted with leprosy often face.
;;0.0516;;closest caseeven as gujarat chief minister narendramodi visited mumbai last week and spent time with his party colleagues,it was difficult to gauge as to which state leader he considered his close aide.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making news:however, zeliang has not been able to meet prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh yet as both of them were busy in electioneering in uttar pradesh, the sources said.
;;-0.4404;;(express file photo)union minister m venkaiah naidu today raked up an old bsp slogan, which targeted upper castes, to hit back at its chief mayawati over her criticism of prime minister narendramodi on the dalit issue.
;;0.0;;addressing the gathering, rupani said, after up elections, indian politics has taken a new turn towards the politics for development rather than of cast, creed and religion and our prime minister narendramodi has become the symbol of development in india.
;;0.3612;;bjp in its lok kalyan sankalp patra (manifesto) had promised to waive loans of small and marginal farmers, and prime minister narendramodi had said in his election speeches that writing off the farmers loans would be among the foremost tasks of the partys government.
;;0.5106;;the project is one among the several conceived under chief minister narendramodi modis rs 20,000-crore mission mangalam,which aims to provide a million livelihoods through self-employment by integrating self-help groups in the corporate value chain.
;;0.6908;;we are happy that prime minister narendramodi modis dream of a congress-mukt bharat is becoming a reality now, gao said.
;;0.0516;;in the meantime, seeking withdrawal of a recommendation made by an expert appraisal committee of the of the ministry of environment, forest and climate change to build a dam on the siruvani river at attappady, tamil nadu chief minister j. jayalalithaa requested prime minister narendramodi to intervene in the matter.
;;0.0387;;acharyulu was recently divested of the charge of hrd ministry but retained cbse by chief information commission r k mathur barely few days after he ordered inspection of ba records of delhi university pertaining to 1978, the year in which prime minister narendramodi passed out.
;;0.4019;;imran khan (@imrankhanpti) august 8, 2019the comments come prior to prime minister narendramodi modis address to the nation defending the decision to scrap jammu and kashmirs special status under article 370 and bifurcating  jammu and kashmir and ladakh  into two union territories.
;;0.8074;;assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal thanked prime minister narendramodi , finance minister arun jaitley and petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan for the proactive and bold steps which led to the out of the court settlement.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi made the comments during a speech following his meeting with his british counterpart theresa may.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi made the comments during a speech following his meeting with his british counterpart theresa may.
;;0.4588;;(source: pti)the alistair cook-led english cricket team that is set to tour india in a grueling five-match test series were given a welcome by prime minister narendramodi on monday.
;;0.6971;;watch video: find out what pm narendramodi & british prime minister theresa may discussedmodi also stated that india and uk share an enduring partnership nurtured by extensive people to people linkages lets not forget cricket here.
;;0.2732;;yet, when prime minister narendramodi promised from a public meeting in madhya pradesh that his government would follow the same formula, it sounded like a tired cliche.
;;0.0;;berlin : german chancellor angela merkel, right, and indian prime minister narendramodi , walk through the garden of the government guest house meseberg palace during a meeting in meseberg, about 70 kilometers (43 miles) north on berlin, monday, may 29, 2017.
;;0.0;;(ap/pti) berlin : german chancellor angela merkel, right, and indian prime minister narendramodi , walk through the garden of the government guest house meseberg palace during a meeting in meseberg, about 70 kilometers (43 miles) north on berlin, monday, may 29, 2017.
;;-0.1548;;(ap/pti)prime minister narendramodi and german chancellor angela merkel have held very good discussions on a range of bilateral, regional and global issues like the brexit consequences, trade and radicalisation in the context of recent terror attacks in europe.
;;-0.8074;;the congress, which protested outside parliament ahead of the session, is demanding prime minister narendramodi address the houses on the steps being taken by the government to bring the scam accused back to india.
;;0.4019;;pointing towards the political agenda for debate this year, he said, it will be prime minister narendramodi versus an anarchist combination of such parties.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi modis close confidant and bjp general secretary amit shah was appointed in charge of uttar pradesh on sunday.
;;0.4019;;b'prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping (source: ap) prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping (source: ap)prime minister narendramodi will visit china to take part in the sco summit in june during which there will definitely be a bilateral meeting between him and president xi jinping, indias envoy gautam bambawale has said.
;;0.34;;he has served in different capacities in the uttar pradesh government, including as district magistrate of gorakhpur and and varanasi, lok sabha constituencies of adityanath and prime minister narendramodi respectively.
;;0.0;;the ut education department is expecting students to be present in schools to watch the live telecast of prime minister narendramodi modis speech on friday to mark the teachers day.
;;0.0;;following a letter received from the centre, the ut district education officer (deo) had issued circulars to all the 82 private and 110 government schools to make necessary arrangements of television at a particular area for students to watch live the narendramodi modis interaction with students in new delhi between 10am and 11.
;;-0.4767;;initially, two of the city students from government model senior secondary school, sector 16, were identified with whom prime minister narendramodi would have had interacted directly from new delhi on september 4, but later the ministry of human resource development sent a notification stating that punjab, haryana and chandigarh schools are excluded from the list of schools that were selected for the direct interaction with modi.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi is said to have finalised names of two of his favourite bureaucrats to lead the states three-member information commission.
;;0.0;;last year, the main event on international day of yoga was held at the ground of forest research institute, dehradun, in which prime minister narendramodi participated.
;;0.0;;at a town hall meeting in gandhinagar in march 1995, keshubhai patels name was proposed for the cms post, with narendramodi , then national general secretary (organisation), said to have thrown his weight behind patel.
;;0.9349;;ensure security and respect for all jnu students, former abvp member tells pmformer abvp member pradeep narwal has appealed to prime minister narendramodi to ensure security and respect for all jnu students.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi and other cabinet minsters.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and other cabinet minsters.
;;0.0;;nineteen new faces are set to be inducted in the union council of ministers tuesday when prime minister narendramodi goes in for an expansion of his team.
;;-0.3412;;without naming prime minister prime minister narendramodi or bjp, he said that those who claim to have become the biggest organisation of the world do not have good thoughts.
;;0.0;;both narendramodi and nawaz sharif arrived in astana on thursday to participate in the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit.
;;-0.4019;;(file)prime minister narendramodi on thursday attended a reception and a gala show, marking the beginning of the two-day-long sco summit, even as speculation swirled over a possible meeting between him and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif to defuse tensions in bilateral ties.
;;0.6808;;prime minister narendramodi (pti file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti file photo)after congratulating the top 10 cities which were rated the cleanest in the country, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said healthy competition augurs well for the country.
;;0.0;;co/h8lfbywama  narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 4, 2017#swachhsurvekshan2017 offers an extensive picture on where our cities stand on cleanliness and the roadmap ahead.
;;0.3612;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi today welcomed the analyses being done in various media fora about the performance of his three-year-old government, saying constructive criticism strengthens the democracy.
;;0.5267;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi has taken his middle east outreach strategy up another notch by inviting abu dhabis crown prince sheikh mohamed bin zayed al nahyan as the chief guest for the republic day parade in 2017.
;;-0.1779;;referring to the failure of the centre in its election manifesto, the congress sought to call varanasi, the lok sabha constituency of prime minister narendramodi , a testament to the falsehood of promises made by the bjp government.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modion june 27, 2016, indian prime minister narendramodi gave the first ever interview with a serving pm to a private news channel in india.
;;0.0;;on parliament: this question comes to many peoples minds, (is) prime minister narendramodi being held back from achieving his own objectives because of the non-stop parliament logjam?
;;-0.4215;;a day after the wrestler was found guilty of doping, the wfi chief claimed that he had briefed prime minister narendramodi of the situation and sought a quick resolution.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi also extended his best wishes.
;;-0.1779;;the farmers agitation across 44 villages in mehsana district came to halt a fortnight ago after chief minister narendramodi assured them that no decision will be taken without taking them on board.
;;0.4215;;interestingly in january 2017, acharyulu was divested of hearing rti matters of human resource development ministry, days after his order calling for disclosure of academic records of the delhi university for the year in which prime minister narendramodi also passed out became public.
;;-0.4767;;when demonetisation was announced on november 8 by prime minister narendramodi , officials say, many sabdalpur villagers were holding consignments of fake rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes.
;;0.4215;;in 2014, it seemed that indias comatose military-industrial complex would be jolted awake by prime minister narendramodi modis inspiring exhortation to make in india.
;;0.0;;on the fourth anniversary of the bjp-led nda government today, senior congress leader oommen chandy shot off an array of questions to prime minister narendramodi on issues ranging from the fuel price hike to the lokpal bill.
;;0.8271;;communist party of india communist party of indiaattacking prime minister narendramodi over his justice for muslim women remark, the cpi on monday asked him to be equally concerned about similar problem of hindu and christian women to ensure gender equality.
;;0.0;;ptij&k chief minister mehbooba mufti monday asked pakistan to reciprocate the initiative taken by prime minister narendramodi by visiting lahore for resolution of issues between the two countries.
;;-0.7388;;prime minister narendramodi started it by visiting lahore and thereafter rajnath singh (home minister) also went therepakistan will sooner or later realise that war, violence or criticism of each other will not solve any issue between the two nations, but it will have to reciprocate the initiative taken by the prime minister, she said here.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi at the launch of the skill india campaign in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by neeraj priyadarshi/ file)with focus firm on the next years assembly polls in uttar pradesh, prime minister narendramodi will visit kanpur on july 15, where he will take part in the first anniversary of skill india at iit-kanpur.
;;0.4404;;replying to her, gandhi said prime minister narendramodi would be better positioned to answer.
;;0.3818;;the state power minister said chief minister yogi adityanath has adopted the same style of working as followed by prime minister narendramodi at the centre to ensure ups development.
;;0.0;;3:30 pm: as mulayam yadav speaks, someone in the background asks, what did you whisper in narendramodi modis ear?
;;0.0;;20 pm: roll call: prime minister narendramodi and congress president sonia gandhi are present in the house.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi greets the new zealand pm john key before their meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.1531;;(source: express photo by prem nath pandey) prime minister narendramodi greets the new zealand pm john key before their meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.8271;;(source: express photo by prem nath pandey)india and new zealand on wednesday agreed to strengthen ties in key areas of trade, defence and security during talks between prime minister narendramodi and his kiwi counterpart john key, who also assured that his country will contribute constructively to the process currently underway in the nsg to consider indias membership.
;;0.0;;b'in a tweet tagging prime minister narendramodi , kapil sharma had alleged last week that a bmc official had demanded rs 5 lakh from him to allow him to build an office in his bungalow.
;;0.0;;(express file photo by kamleshwar singh) in a tweet tagging prime minister narendramodi , kapil sharma had alleged last week that a bmc official had demanded rs 5 lakh from him to allow him to build an office in his bungalow.
;;0.0;;in a tweet tagging prime minister narendramodi , sharma had alleged last week that a bmc official had demanded rs 5 lakh from him to allow him to build an office in his bungalow.
;;0.4391;;the message was quite clear  notwithstanding who signed the list,but it was chief minister narendramodi who has the full and final say.
;;0.2732;;many eyebrows were raised towards the fact the narendramodi government has not considered using renewable energy to power the newly constructed swarnim sankul-1,which houses chief ministers office.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , who visited the temple town of tirupati on sunday, said newly-elected andhra pradesh chief minister y s jagan mohan reddy will receive all support from the centre.
;;0.5423;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi will address a public meeting in eastern ups ballia district on may 1 while launching pradhan mantri ujjwala yojana, his ambitious free lpg connection distribution scheme for economically weaker sections of the society.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)prime minister narendramodi sunday dedicated much of his monthly radio address mann ki baat to students preparing for their board and other competitive examinations across the country.
;;0.5494;;so, smile more and score moreread | you should not run after marks but strive to gain knowledge: pm narendramodi modis top quotes on mann ki baatsometimes we forget what we learn because we are under a lot of pressure.
;;0.4588;;punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh called on prime minister narendramodi and the union finance minister in new delhi wednesday to discuss his various demands, which include central assistance to waive off loans of debt-ridden farmers in the state as was promised in uttar pradesh and reducing the rate of interest on the states debt.
;;0.4404;;b'madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhanprime minister narendramodi is gods gift to india, madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan said on sunday.
;;0.8555;;bangladesh prime minister shekh hasina inspects a guard of honor during a ceremonial reception at the forecourt of rashtrapati bhawan in new delhi on saturday (pti photo by atul yadav) bangladesh prime minister shekh hasina inspects a guard of honor during a ceremonial reception at the forecourt of rashtrapati bhawan in new delhi on saturday (pti photo by atul yadav)ahead of her meeting with prime minister narendramodi , bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina was accorded a ceremonial welcome at the rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.891;;we sincerely hope that prime minister narendramodi will understand the public sentiment against corruption and sack mr jaitley from his cabinet to facilitate a free and fair probe, said aaps delhi state secretary saurabh bhardwaj.
;;0.2732;;mr narendramodi surprised all by inviting mr nawaz sharif to the swearing-in of the new government but soon enough he embraced the establishment view.
;;0.7845;;the congress is happy that the process to designate jaish-e-mohammad chief masood azhar has concluded successfully, former union minister p chidambaram said on thursday while wondering why pakistan wants narendramodi to continue as prime minister.
;;0.2023;;this chowkidar has not left any stone unturned in keeping the nations standing intact, prime minister narendramodi told a rally in jaipur.
;;-0.8074;;responding to national war hysteria, prime minister narendramodi gave the go-ahead for a surgical strike inside the pakistani side of the line of control (loc), and it took place in the early hours of september 29.
;;-0.4767;;in his 10 years as a judge, sharma has presided over the dara singh fake encounter case, a defamation case against narendramodi when he was the gujarat cm and separate land cases that allegedly involved three high court judges and rajasthan cm vasundhara raje.
;;0.0;;in 2012, sharma dismissed a defamation case filed by a rajasthan resident against narendramodi over his remarks about jawaharlal nehru.
;;0.5574;;these efforts were lauded by prime minister narendramodi , who, in his latest mann ki baat, emphasised on the need for the country to adopt better water conservation techniques.
;;0.0;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi today urged prime minister manmohan singh to approve raising the height of the narmada dam up to 138.
;;-0.872;;pathan then returned to gujarat with the intention of killing the then chief minister narendramodi and other bjp leaders, before being killed in an encounter in 2002.
;;-0.128;;at a time when the proposed rath yatra is stuck in legal tangle, state bjp unit is trying to bring prime minister narendramodi and partys national president amit shah to kolkata for a mega public meeting at the brigade parade ground.
;;0.4019;;he called for opposition parties to get their act together beginning with the presidential polls and assembly elections in prime minister narendramodi modis home turf, gujarat, both scheduled for later this year.
;;-0.1531;;while addressing a bjp parliamentary committee meeting, prime minister narendramodi disapproved of akash vijayvargiyas conduct and called for the removal from the party of those who had felicitated him as he stepped out of prison on bail.
;;0.25;;chief minister narendramodi maintained a cautious distance even as he shared the stage with his mentor and veteran bjp leader l k advani at a public meeting in vapi where the latters jan chetna yatra entered gujarat today.
;;0.4215;;chaired by prime minister narendramodi , the cabinet, also approved that the final mbbs examination would be held as a common examination throughout the country and would serve as an exit test, to be called the national exit test (next).
;;-0.7096;;raina, who claimed to be associated with bjp and rsss rashtriya muslim manch, demanded prime minister narendramodi modis resignation over the ill effects of demonetisation on economy and people.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)prime minister narendramodi will attend a rally to address farmers issues, organised by the karnataka unit of the bjp to mark the 75th birthday of state bjp president and cm candidate b s yeddyurappa, in the central karnataka district of davangere on tuesday.
;;0.6808;;rahul targets pmcongress president rahul gandhi on monday accused pm narendramodi of favouring the super rich and questioned why he had still not appointed a lokpal to fight corruption.
;;0.0;;after all that dhoom dham narendramodi with 56- inch chest gives only 450 jobs in 24 hours,: he said.
;;-0.4767;;the government led by prime minister narendramodi is one that is working most for dalits, backwards, tribals and the poor.
;;-0.4767;;dalits, tribals, backwards, poor and youth are there in all the schemes of the bjp-led government at the centre led by narendramodi , he said.
;;-0.2263;;watch videothe posters were pasted after kumar was released from tihar jail and gave a defiant speech in jnu where he tore into prime minister narendramodi , the bjp and hrd minster smriti irani.
;;-0.6369;;warning against attempts to break up the civil societys campaign against graft in the wake of the controversy over his endorsing gujarat chief minister narendramodi and some allegations,the 73-year-old also said he is pained that he has to explain himself time and again on the bjp leader.
;;0.0;;a day after the state election commission announced dates for elections to municipal corporations in mumbai and nine other cities, chief minister devendra fadnavis on thursday said a pre-poll alliance with the shiv sena will not be driven by a seat-sharing formula but guided by prime minister narendramodi modis politics of parivartan (transformation).
;;0.3818;;(source: pti photo)the ban on the use of red beacons, which will come into force from monday, is aimed at removing the vip culture from the minds of certain people and replace it with the concept of every person is important (epi), prime minister narendramodi said on sunday.
;;-0.6249;;the gjm leader also said he would write to prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh, calling for a cbi probe into incidents of arson and violence in the hills.
;;0.4939;;ireland prime minister leo varadkar (file/reuters) ireland prime minister leo varadkar (file/reuters)prime minister narendramodi today called up leo varadkar to congratulate him on becoming the new premier of ireland.
;;0.3612;;nadda said that kayakalp programme was launched by the health ministry following prime minister narendramodi modis call to the people of india to realise mahatma gandhis dream of swachh bharat (clean india).
;;-0.7717;;(file)the isis-inspired terror module, allegedly involved in the ujjain train blast, had made a failed bid to carry out an explosion at prime minister narendramodi modis rally in lucknow on dussehra last year, according to nia probe reports.
;;0.34;;standing committee chairman bhupendra patel termed the budget giving shape to bjps election agenda under the direct guidance of chief minister narendramodi and the in-charge minister with a planning to equip the city with facilities of global standards.
;;0.0;;aiadmk leader and lok sabha deputy speaker m thambidurai claimed that prime minister narendramodi had not given appointment to his partys mps.
;;0.0;;taking a swipe at the upa government at the centre,chief minister narendramodi on friday said the manmohan singh government was for the foreigners,by the foreigners and of the foreigners.
;;0.0;;the manufacture of modernised version of ak-47 rifles will begin in korwa area of amethi soon with prime minister narendramodi launching the project on march 3.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi modis constituency, varanasi, has soared up the cleanliness scale, occupying the 32nd position in swachh survekshan-2017, which is a part of the modi governments flagship swachh bharat abhiyan (sba) programme or clean india mission.
;;0.0;;the rajya sabha on tuesday transacted business just for 37 minutes as 41 newly-elected members of the house took oath in presence of prime minister narendramodi and his predecessor manmohan singh.
;;0.4588;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi sought to compensate the wharton snub by addressing a gathering of indian-americans through a video call organised by the overseas friends of bjp arm of the party.
;;-0.4588;;it seems narendramodi modi,who has a penchant for verbally abusing mian musharraf,had not been briefed about this coincidence.
;;0.0;;he said the muslim leaders across the state gathering at the sammelan would be informed about what the congress-led upa government had done for them and how the narendramodi government had been putting obstructions on schemes and projects for welfare of the community.
;;0.0;;referring to the bjp, he said: in the bjp, nobody dares to publicly or privately utter a word against their prime minister narendramodi or bjp president amit shah.
;;-0.2584;;taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi over his assertions on triple talaq, yechury said, what will you do to those who desert their wife without giving triple talaq?
;;-0.3612;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi hit out at the centre today for undermining the federal structure of the state in his blog.
;;-0.0516;;the incidents of unprovoked firing and attempts to infiltrate the ib have increased in the last few days even as prime minister narendramodi is expected to reach jammu and kashmir tomorrow as part of an official visit.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, a bigger cutout of prime minister narendramodi nearby is untouched.
;;0.8442;;b'athe congress downplayed prime minister narendramodi modis yaad karo kurbani celebrations saying that the sacrifices of the freedom fighters were ingrained in every indian citizen and nobody needed reminders to recall their great sacrifices.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi will kickstart the yaad karo kurbani celebrations on tuesday at the birthplace of freedom fighter chandra shekhar azad at alirajpur in madhya pradesh to mark 70 years of independence and 74 years of quit india movement.
;;0.0667;;we had invited pakistan pm also to the oath taking ceremony of prime minister narendramodi in 2014 along with leaders of all neighbouring countries, not only for shaking hands but for joining our hearts.
;;0.0;;since then, prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping have met twice in wuhan (in april) and qingdao (in june) and have held discussions on a wide range of issues.
;;-0.1695;;when reminded that nitish kumar had prevailed over bjp leadership to not allow chief minister narendramodi to campaign for bjp candidates in bihar assembly elections,singhvi said it was for bjp leadership to reply the question.
;;-0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi , in his interview to network 18, told editor rahul joshi that his vision for the country is to make it poverty-free and empower the poor.
;;0.1901;;the sena said that prime minister narendramodi had promised several things as an after effect of demonetisation, but none of them fructified.
;;0.0;;the event came ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to russia in june to attend st petersburg international economic forum (spief) to which india has been invited as a guest country.
;;-0.3818;;in the application, vanzara had also claimed that then gujarat chief minister and present prime minister narendramodi was also called by the investigating officer and was interrogated.
;;0.6808;;of the over 190 countries in the world, prime minister narendramodi has visited around 50 at least once, and, according to officials, wants his ministers to contribute in improving foreign relations through their respective ministries.
;;-0.6808;;ption international yoga day on tuesday where prime minister narendramodi attended the event in chandigarh, shiromani akali dal (sad) ensured that it strikes a balance pose  its select leadership ceremonially participating in the event and majority of leadership and workers across state distancing themselves from the event to send a message that sad was all for distinct panthic identity.
;;0.0258;;sushilkumar shinde (file photo) sushilkumar shinde (file photo)reopening the snoopgate controversy, a bjp mp has written to prime minister narendramodi , seeking a cbi inquiry against former home minister sushilkumar shinde, the then upa government and the congress leadership for allegedly trying to influence the judiciary in fast-tracking a probe into the matter just before the results of the 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;the punjab government wants prime minister narendramodi to flag off the first jatha to pakistan and has written to his office for confirmation.
;;-0.4588;;both prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah had attacked the akhilesh government for shielding prajapati.
;;0.7579;;in his first, brief interaction with the media after his surprise selection, adityanath promised to follow prime minister narendramodi modis sabka saath, sabka vikas agenda, and strive for good governance.
;;0.0;;the march and rally will be organised on the eve of prime minister narendramodi modis address to the un general assembly, scheduled for september 27.
;;-0.4767;;the first said that while chief minister narendramodi had no time to visit the families of farmers who committed suicide owing to crop failure,he was using official machinery to receive industrialists like suzuki chief and take out yatras.
;;0.0516;;praveen swami: one of the things prime minister narendramodi is trying to do is use the indian diaspora as resourceful leverage  you have seen that in dubai, madison square, sydney  is that something of value or is it just a footnote in the real business of diplomacy or is it something all prior pms have missed out on?
;;-0.7906;;addressing a large rally at allahabads parade ground, bsp chief mayawati sunday accused prime minister narendramodi of working only for big businessmen and ignoring the poor.
;;0.5994;;in an apparent reference to a recent advertisement by reliance featuring the pms picture, she said: the bjp government at the centre and prime minister narendramodi have overlooked government companies and started giving advertisements to promote private companies of moneybags and big capitalists.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , left, is escorted to a photo session by laos prime minister thongloun sisoulith prior to the start of the asean-india summit in the ongoing 28th and 29th asean summits at the national convention center, thursday, sept.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/bullit marquez) prime minister narendramodi , left, is escorted to a photo session by laos prime minister thongloun sisoulith prior to the start of the asean-india summit in the ongoing 28th and 29th asean summits at the national convention center, thursday, sept.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/bullit marquez)prime minister narendramodi on thursday held bilateral talks with his laotian counterpart thongloun sisoulith and discussed regional developments including the south china sea issue.
;;0.0258;;she will hold talks with president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi , exploring ways to expand cooperation between the two close neighbours whose ties faced some strain following the agitation by the madhesi community last year.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi said that bundesliga has a widespread following in india.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi said that bundesliga has a widespread following in india.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said the german football league has a vast following in india.
;;0.0;;advertisingjaishankar, a career diplomat and a former foreign secretary, was inducted by prime minister narendramodi in his government as external affairs minister.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had gone to attend the summit, which was attended by over 50 world leaders.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi modis decision to underplay the impending refugee crisis by choosing instead to express solidarity with myanmars extremist concerns on his maiden visit there could only be described as politically nave.
;;0.34;;its two days since she shared the stage with prime minister narendramodi , and he bent down and slipped her feet into a pair of sandals.
;;0.6705;;the bjp president also claimed that the farmer-friendly schemes launched by prime minister narendramodi have been crucial for ensuring a better future for farmers.
;;0.0;;a high-level meeting of the state board of wildlife (protection),chaired by chief minister narendramodi on tuesday,cleared 17 proposals of allowing commercial activities in the vicinity of marine sanctuary in jamangar,thol wildlife sanctuary and nalsarovar among others.
;;-0.2263;;pti photoamid massive jallikattu protests, tamil nadu cm o panneerselvam will meet prime minister narendramodi on thursday to seek an ordinance allowing the sport.
;;0.0;;tomorrow morning i will call on prime minister narendramodi and urge him to promulgate an ordinance to conduct jallikattu.
;;0.0;;ramesh mentioned a jibe by prime minister narendramodi who had said, in a reference to alleged corruption in the upa regime, that manmohan knows how to bathe in a raincoat.
;;0.0;;education of muslims in india, a book he edited, was released by prime minister narendramodi on june 15, 2015.
;;0.0258;;he recalled the various representations made to the central government, including to prime minister narendramodi on the matter.
;;0.8225;;babu jagjivan ram (source: express archive photo/r k sharma) babu jagjivan ram (source: express archive photo/r k sharma)remembering veteran political leader and freedom fighter babu jagjivan ram on his birth anniversary, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said his service to the nation was always inspiring.
;;0.0;;pm modi receives his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina at delhi airport (source: @narendramodi/twitter) pm modi receives his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina at delhi airport (source: @narendramodi/twitter)prime minister narendramodi received his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina on friday when she arrived at the palam technical airforce base for a four-day visit to india.
;;0.3182;;advertisingno doubt, prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah are the architects of the partys win nationwide.
;;0.5719;;45 pm: prime minister narendramodi congratulates isro on its success.
;;-0.705;;earlier today, us president donald trump had asked pakistan prime minister imran khan to moderate rhetoric with india over kashmir hours after prime minister narendramodi , in a telephonic conversation, told him that extreme rhetoric and incitement to anti-india violence by certain leaders in the region was not conducive to peace, pti reported.
;;-0.8225;;after the uri attack in which 19 indian army soldiers were killed in september last, prime minister narendramodi , while holding a high-level meeting to review the 56 years old indus water treaty, had announced that blood and water cannot flow together, it says.
;;0.2023;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , he said his invitation as a special invitee is an effort to exclude the independent voice of the opposition from the selection process.
;;0.8481;;a former principal advisor to the planning commission has written to prime minister narendramodi , saying that the delhi governments proposal to make public transport free for women will help safeguard the interest of women within our unequal social and economic system.
;;0.2263;;(source: express photo by renuka puri)bjp mp shatrughan sinha on friday described prime minister narendramodi as a dashing and dynamic leader whose hands need to be strengthened, given the current turmoil in the country and threat to its security and unity.
;;-0.128;;swaraj also scoffed at suggestions by supriya sule (ncp) that the denial of nsg membership to india was a huge diplomatic snub as it came after prime minister narendramodi modis visit to mexico and switzerland.
;;0.0;;the cm held a meeting with nripendra mishra, principal secretary to prime minister narendramodi , in delhi over hurdles impeding some development projects.
;;0.4019;;cut-outs of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah near the party office, saturday.
;;0.4019;;praveen khanna cut-outs of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah near the party office, saturday.
;;0.0;;more followed, bringing along bands, horses, crackers, flags, cut-outs of prime minister narendramodi , and holi colours.
;;0.6908;;crediting the win to the hard work of party workers and the campaign run by prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, delhi unit president manoj tiwari said, in up and uttarakhand, the opposition parties ran a hate campaign against the pm, to which the voters replied: humein modi-shah ka saath pasand hai.
;;0.0;;recently,chief minister narendramodi kicked up an inadvertent debate when he said in an interview to the wall street journal that gujarats middle-class was more beauty-conscious than health-conscious,to a question on what he was doing to check malnourishment.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with odisha chief minister naveen patnaik.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with odisha chief minister naveen patnaik.
;;0.3182;;huge hoardings line the streets, with photos of prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and its fast-rising union minister dharmendra pradhan.
;;-0.6908;;sadiq, a resident of bhavnagar, was branded as lashkar-e-toiba operative out to kill then chief minister narendramodi and other saffron leaders.
;;-0.6908;;sadiq, a resident of bhavnagar, was branded as lashkar-e-toiba operative out to kill then chief minister narendramodi and other saffron leaders.
;;-0.6908;;sadiq, a resident of bhavnagar, was branded as lashkar-e-toiba operative out to kill then chief minister narendramodi and other saffron leaders.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with french president emmanuel macron before their meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(express photo/amit mehra) prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with french president emmanuel macron before their meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.25;;addressing the summit in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , macron said, mr prime minister, you made a dream and we did it.
;;0.0;;not only did ordinary indians not understand what the disappearance of this symbol of central planning meant but even narendramodi modis ministers seemed not to see the niti aayog as a new idea.
;;0.1027;;(source: ap)british deputy prime minister nick clegg is scheduled to hold meetings with prime minister narendramodi and finance and defence minister arun jaitley during his first-ever tour to india from monday.
;;0.6486;;vijayan met prime minister narendramodi , whom he described as friendly, as well as president pranab mukherjee.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi modis hair is always neat.
;;0.6705;;following weeks of visits to world capitals by top diplomats, some by prime minister narendramodi himself, foreign secretary s. jaishankar is now in seoul, hoping a pro-india caucus of 20 countries will somehow persuade china to allow a discussion of indias membership bid.
;;-0.6218;;african students feel that prime minister narendramodi , who has been at the forefront of promoting india-african relations, should himself address this prejudice problem, because the masses listen to him.
;;-0.7964;;at a point when mdmk leader vaiko started criticising prime minister narendramodi , raja issued nearly a death threat, saying vaikos safe return home cannot be guaranteed.
;;-0.3612;;two days after the centre instructed the security forces in jammu and kashmir to launch an unilateral ceasefire in the holy month of ramzan, prime minister narendramodi on saturday made an appeal to the misguided youngsters to shun the violent means and begin to be a part of the national mainstream.
;;-0.2144;;twitter.com/s4vflnmhyl  narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 19, 2018thanking pm modi for the centres decision to halt all security operations and expressing a goodwill gesture, j&k cm mehbooba mufti said that the reciprocation on the ceasefire was expected from pakistan as well but unfortunately that didnt happen.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with finance minister arun jaitley and commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman launching the startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi with finance minister arun jaitley and commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman launching the startup india action plan at vigyan bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.6249;;after a full day of discussions at the launch of the start-up india programme attended by hundreds of young entrepreneurs, prime minister narendramodi unveiled his governments action plan to help entrepreneurs, and asked them to play a transformative role in indias development.
;;0.5267;;advertisingwhile union minister and balasore mp pratap chandra sarangi heaped praises on prime minister narendramodi and said the upa regime was a period of policy paralysis, congresss leader in lok sabha adhir ranjan chowdhury said modi is a very big salesman.
;;-0.2263;;sarangi also compared one narendramodi (modi) with another narendramodi (swami vivekananda), drawing loud protests from congress and trinamool mps.
;;0.6124;;they said he is in prime minister narendramodi as well as bjp chief amit shahs good books.
;;0.6597;;for the nation to achieve progress faster on all fronts, every section of the society irrespective of caste, creed, religion and region should be part of the growth story, naidu said, adding this is also the philosophy behind prime minister narendramodi modis sabka saath, sabka vikas slogan.
;;0.0;;in 2018, prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the national centre for ageing at aiims.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi inaugurated the project at bhaskarcharya institute for space sciences and geo-informatics (bisag) in gandhinagar.
;;0.2144;;in the most high-profile seat of varanasi, from where prime minister narendramodi was elected, the runner-up was aam aadmi party chief arvind kejriwal, but the bsp finished ahead of the sp.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi will travel to russia on may 21 for an informal summit with russian president vladimir putin, the ministry of external affairs (mea) announced on may 14.
;;0.0;;express photo by amit chakravartya day after ncp chief sharad pawar raised a question mark over the alleged plot to assassinate prime minister narendramodi , the congress too joined the pitch.
;;0.5023;;this seems to be nothing but a plot to garner sympathy for narendramodi , nirupam said.
;;0.7351;;vermas appointment was approved for a period of two years by a three-member selection panel headed by prime minister narendramodi and comprising chief justice of india jagdish singh khehar and congress leader in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge.
;;0.4404;;in his independence day address yesterday, prime minister narendramodi also talked about the situation in pakistan-occupied-kashmir (pok), gilgit and baluchistan and said people from there have thanked him for raising their issues.
;;0.0;;putting aside speculation on whether gujarat chief minister narendramodi would campaign for the bjp in the karnataka polls,ananth kumar said modi would come on a whirlwind tour.
;;0.8074;;talking to reporters on swachh bharat mission, the officials maintained that the implementation of the flagship programme launched by prime minister narendramodi is very much on track as they noted remarkable progress has been made over the past 18 months.
;;0.0;;britains prime minister theresa may (l) reads a joint statement as her indian counterpart narendramodi watches at hyderabad house in new delhi, india, november 7, 2016.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters) britains prime minister theresa may (l) reads a joint statement as her indian counterpart narendramodi watches at hyderabad house in new delhi, india, november 7, 2016.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at ceos forum in st petersburg, russia.
;;0.0;;(source: ani) prime minister narendramodi at ceos forum in st petersburg, russia.
;;0.4588;;(source: ani)prime minister narendramodi held wide-ranging bilateral talks and discussed international issues of mutual interest with russian president vladimir putin on thursday during the indo-russia summit in russias st petersburg.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi will hold a roundtable meeting with the ceos of top energy companies in houston when he visits the us next month.
;;0.1027;;commenting on the narendramodi government, munsifs editorial of may 26 notes: democratic and secular values have weakened in the country.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/meaindia)prime minister narendramodi on saturday met chinese president xi jinping at the east lake where the two leaders had a brief walk followed by a boat ride.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and the visiting crown prince are expected to discuss the strategy to contain radicalism and counter-terrorism, uae ambassador ahmed al banna said on monday.
;;0.7269;;an appreciation letter in response to swamis diwali greetings, undersigned by prime minister narendramodi , was issued by the pmo on november 20, 2018, sources said.
;;0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi has imparted remarkable energy to indias foreign policy.
;;0.5859;;between his visit to india in early april and that of prime minister narendramodi to nepal a month later, oli has been able to secure delhis assurance of full cooperation.
;;0.8442;;prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)sri lanka will deploy nearly 6,000 police officers to provide special security for prime minister narendramodi and other related events during his visit to the country next week to attend the un vesak festival, a top police official has said.
;;-0.128;;the rally will cover five of the total six assembly constituencies in the district,which has remained the epicentre of rebellion ever since narendramodi replaced keshubhai patel as cm in 2001.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at the 67th republic day parade at rajpath in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi at the 67th republic day parade at rajpath in new delhi on tuesday.
;;-0.0258;;in 2014 they did this with the hope that narendramodi would be able to change the colonial form of governance, that they have been forced to endure long after our colonial masters departed.
;;-0.4404;;he said every speaker from the ruling bjp was only painting a rosy picture to prime minister narendramodi about the demonetisation move as everyone is scared.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi will inaugurate the 66th annual conference of all india association of physicians (api),apicon-2011,at the gujarat university convention centre on friday.
;;-0.25;;india also raised concerns over the use of uks soil for anti-india propaganda by kashmiri and sikh separatists and pointed to the desecration of the indian flag in london ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit in april 2018.
;;0.6124;;b'a raje with union minister parshottam rupala (express photo by rohit jain paras/file) a raje with union minister parshottam rupala (express photo by rohit jain paras/file)union minister parshottam rupala on thursday hit out at opposition parties especially the congress for stalling the parliament, and alleged that they were unable to digest prime minister narendramodi modis rising popularity.
;;0.0;;twelve mous were signed at the seminar involving investment of rs 1,39,000 crore in the presence of chief minister narendramodi and his colleagues anandiben patel and saurabh patel.
;;-0.3182;;the delhi police on thursday imposed prohibitory orders around the election commission complex as bjp workers sought to hold a protest against the denial of permission for narendramodi to hold rally at a venue of his choice in varanasi.
;;0.0;;jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti meets prime minister jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti meets prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi with us president barack obama (file) prime minister narendramodi with us president barack obama (file)the hotline established in 2015 between barack obama and prime minister narendramodi will continue to exist after the outgoing us president hands over the baton to his successor donald trump on january 20, a presidential aide has suggested.
;;0.0;;(representational image/pti)a day after prime minister narendramodi appealed to the nation to use clay-made idols, the vadodara municipal corporation said it will hold a competition among the ganesh mandals to inculcate a sense of cleanliness and of responsibility towards the environment.
;;0.91;;chidambaram said while prime minister narendramodi had earlier promised to create two crore jobs annually if his party was voted to power in the 2014 lok sabha polls, the best achievement of this government is in 2015-16 when they created 1.
;;-0.4215;;it is tempting to see prime minister narendramodi modis invitation to the leaders of a bay of bengal forum for the inauguration of his second term, as a snub to pakistan.
;;-0.6908;;b'a professor of journalism at mysore university has landed in trouble after he attacked prime minister narendramodi , hrd minister smriti irani and former pm jawaharlal nehru at a condolence event held for university of hyderabad scholar rohith vemula.
;;-0.7003;;we also want to know from prime minister narendramodi that when will he launch a surgical strike against casteism in india as he has done against terrorism and black money, chauhan said.
;;-0.4019;;criticising the diesel price hike,chief minister narendramodi on thursday said it would affect farmers the most.
;;0.0;;at a farmers rally in western odisha on sunday, prime minister narendramodi spoke of conspiracies hatched every day to finish and defame him.
;;0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate a pumping station on kutch branch canal of narmada project near bhachau town in kutch district and will lay the foundation stone for six projects of kandla port trust (kpt), worth around rs 1,000 crore, when he will be visiting the saurashtra-kutch region on monday.
;;0.0;;but the real work begins on friday, when prime minister narendramodi sits down with us president donald trump on the margins of the g-20 summit in osaka.
;;0.5106;;earlier today, prime minister narendramodi hailed indias mariyappan thangavelu and varun bhati for bagging a gold and bronze respectively.
;;0.4767;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi had in february last year given its approval for introduction of steps for promotion of payments through cards and digital means.
;;0.7906;;a day after prime minister narendramodi modis assurance, the victim expressed her confidence in receiving justice.
;;0.7351;;the supreme court thursday dismissed a public interest litigation (pil) filed by suspended ips officer sanjiv bhatt and a civil rights organisation,peoples union for civil liberty (pucl),that had sought a direction to justice nanavati commission to summon and examine chief minister narendramodi in connection with the 2002 riots in the state.
;;-0.34;;stalin, also the leader of opposition, had earlier suggested that all mps from tamil nadu should resign if prime minister narendramodi did not meet a proposed all-party delegation from the state on the issue of setting up of the cmb and the cauvery water regulatory committee (cwrc).
;;-0.2023;;without referring to the letters or naming any individuals whose appointments have been stalled, cji misra is learnt to have informed his two colleagues of his meeting with prime minister narendramodi on tuesday.
;;0.4767;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiseeking to corner prime minister narendramodi over the gujarat land deal issue, congress saturday scaled up its demand for an sit probe monitored by the supreme court, saying it should go into all allotments of government land when he was the state chief minister.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making news:the year-long celebration of rajchandrajis birth anniversary began from the red fort with prime minister narendramodi announcing it in his speech on indias 70th independence day.
;;-0.3182;;advertisingmishra said prime minister narendramodi modis vision drew him to the bjp and he will strive towards ending the politics of negativity in delhi.
;;0.5719;;disgruntled bjp mp shatrughan sinha saturday criticised the centres decision to impose presidents rule in arunachal pradesh, taking potshots at prime minister narendramodi modis great advisors wondering what answers they will have if the supreme court ruled against it.
;;-0.6597;;chayares eldest daughter jaishri (21), in her complaint to the police, alleged that prime minister narendramodi and the policies of the state and the centre were responsible for the suicide.
;;0.0;;the gujarat police had claimed they were lashkar-e-taiba operatives and were on a mission to assassinate chief minister narendramodi and other leaders.
;;-0.1027;;a week ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to udhampur district in jammu and kashmir for inaugurating the countrys longest chenani-nashri road tunnel, the state police launched a massive manhunt to nab suspected militants who escaped after snatching an ak-47 rifle from a police constable at tawi bridge last night.
;;0.4767;;b'during his visit to vietnam last week, prime minister narendramodi and his interlocutors agreed to elevate their long standing military collaboration to a comprehensive strategic partnership.
;;0.4767;;(source: file) during his visit to vietnam last week, prime minister narendramodi and his interlocutors agreed to elevate their long standing military collaboration to a comprehensive strategic partnership.
;;0.4767;;consider the following developments in the last few days: during his visit to vietnam last week, prime minister narendramodi and his interlocutors agreed to elevate their long standing military collaboration to a comprehensive strategic partnership.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)keeping an eye on the 2019 lok sabha elections, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday urged chief ministers of the bjp-ruled states to expedite implementation of the welfare schemes and work hard to take his governments flagship programmes to the masses.
;;-0.1531;;the bjp leader asked the former chief minister whether boys in the age group of 10-12 years are self-motivated or whether prime minister narendramodi did not make efforts to have negotiations with pakistan for resolution of bilateral issues between the two countries, or not made attempts to address various issues confronting people of the state by repeatedly visiting jammu and kashmir, especially the valley.
;;-0.296;;file photo/agenciesopposing madhya pradesh governments plan to impose an additional levy of re 1 on petrol and 50 paisa on diesel, state congress president arun yadav today urged prime minister narendramodi to intervene on the issue.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi arrived in goa last night and was welcomed at the ins hansa base by governor mridula sinha, chief minister laxmikant parsekar and deputy chief minister francis dsouza.
;;0.1027;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi has given its approval for signing of a protocol amending the convention between india and portugal for avoidance of double taxation.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , also approved borrowing from overseas lending agencies such as jica directly by state government entities.
;;0.0;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi congratulated the athlete through a tweet early on wednesday.
;;0.0;;b'benaulim: prime minister narendramodi with brics leader brazil president, michel temer, south africa president, jacob zuma, russian president vladimir putin and chinese president xi jinping pose for a group photo at the brics informal dinner in benaulim, goa on saturday.
;;0.3612;;(photo credits: pti) benaulim: prime minister narendramodi with brics leader brazil president, michel temer, south africa president, jacob zuma, russian president vladimir putin and chinese president xi jinping pose for a group photo at the brics informal dinner in benaulim, goa on saturday.
;;0.4939;;the bjp will also bring a resolution to congratulate chief minister narendramodi for his elevation as the bjps prime ministerial nominee in the forthcoming lok sabha elections.
;;-0.4767;;reacting to the tragedy, prime minister narendramodi expressed sorrow over the deaths and directed officials to coordinate with states to ensure speedy relief and rehabilitation.
;;-0.6705;;bjp mp shatrughan sinha (express photo by prem nath pandey/files) bjp mp shatrughan sinha (express photo by prem nath pandey/files)as polling is underway in high-stakes karnataka today, bjp mp shatrughan sinha on saturday criticised prime minister narendramodi for mocking congress president rahul gandhis prime-ministerial ambitions.
;;0.6124;;b'nepal pm kp oli with narendramodi in delhi (file photo) nepal pm kp oli with narendramodi in delhi (file photo)the battle for influence in the nepal himalayas between india and china is hotting up, with prime minister narendramodi expected to tell nepal counterpart k p oli that he can award as many dam projects as he likes to china, but india will not be able to buy the energy produced.
;;-0.7988;;prime minister narendramodi will never allow any kind injustice to dalits and neither does the government hold any such view expressed by the rss.
;;0.5574;;b'even as nitish kumar opposed gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis candidature for prime ministership,bjp leader l k advani today surprised his party by saying that a non-congress,non-bjp prime minister ispossible after the 2014 elections.
;;0.0;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi will be visiting nagpur for two government programmes on april 14.
;;0.0;;books by prime minister narendramodi , jana sangh founder shyama prasad mookerjee, rss ideologue deen dayal upadhaya, tripura governor tathagata roy and others will be featured in it.
;;-0.7717;;jan sangharsh manch (jsm),an ngo representing some of the 2002 post-godhra riot victims,today completed arguments in the gujarat high court on its plea seeking direction for nanavati commission to summon chief minister narendramodi for questioning.
;;-0.4588;;(pti photo)in a fresh bid to reach out to people of the valley, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said ekta (unity) and mamata (love) are the basic mantras for addressing kashmir problem even as he slammed those pushing innocent children to violence, saying they will have to answer them some day.
;;0.6997;;i have joined bjp to strengthen the hands of chief minister narendramodi who is heading the partys poll campaign committee and is expected to play a more important role at the national level, he said.
;;0.1531;;expresswhile chief minister mamata banerjee was among the first to tweet birthday wishes to prime minister narendramodi on sunday, the state bjp chose the day to observe swacch bharat abhiyan at kalighat, where mamata lives.
;;0.9002;;it is a question of mindset and social culture the government alone cannot handle the issue which is very serious it is the collective responsibility of the society let religious and social organisations and also people from media come forward and do whatever they can to improve the situation with regard to the birth of the female child, she said at a press conference on various government programmes to be held on the occasion of international womens day on march 8with a view to implement prime minister narendramodi modis beti bachao, beti padhao government programme to improve birth rate of females, she said that the state government had planned a number of initiatives like giving assistance of rs 6,000 to a couple on the birth of their female child, holding public programmes by using services of religious leaders and institutions to create awareness about importance of females in the society and increasing enrollment of girl child in schools.
;;-0.296;;rahul gandhi had accused prime minister narendramodi of indulging in political exploitation of the sacrifices made by soldiers.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi himself laid its foundation stone.
;;0.2983;;i met prime minister narendramodi and explained each and every thing, but he is a busy person so he said just email me each and everything, so i just followed him, but this is really bad and i think we should take strong action (against) those who are responsible for this thing.
;;0.8689;;a day after india voted in favour of a decision introduced by israel in the un economic and social council (ecosoc) that objected to granting consultative status to a palestinian non-governmental organisation, israels prime minister benjamin netanyahu thanked prime minister narendramodi for indias support at the un.
;;-0.1027;;bihar chief minister jitan ram manjhit on thursday questioned the visit of prime minister narendramodi in neighbouring jharkhand when bypolls in 10 assembly seats were taking place in bihar.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is laying foundation of several projects and making speech in neighbouring jharkhand when bypolls in 10 assembly seats in bihar is taking place this can influence voting in the by-elections, manjhi said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said he looks forward to deepening indias association with the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), a day ahead of his visit to kazakhstan to attend the summit of the six-nation.
;;0.5719;;hlaing also called on prime minister narendramodi and congratulated him on the success in the recent parliamentary elections.
;;0.0;;in addition to this, a provision of rs 568 crore has also been made for the construction of a medical college at prime minister narendramodi modis hometown vadnagar and for the development and expansion of seven existing medical colleges  at sola, himmatnagar, valsad, gandhinagar, gotri, patan and junagadh  run under gujarat medical education and research society (gmers).
;;0.0;;to coincide with prime minister narendramodi modis birthday celebrations, the karnataka bjp will lay the foundation for a martyrs memorial at gorata village in bidar district to mark the liberation of hyderabad from nizam rule on september 17, 1948.
;;0.0;;the memorial will be inaugurated next year on the same date by narendramodi , state bjp yuva morcha president muniraju gowda said.
;;-0.6486;;kuldip sharma,currently on a central deputation,says no matter pertaining to him should be placed before the cm or his ministerssenior ips officer kuldip sharma has written to the gujarat governor alleging chief minister narendramodi is biased against him and requesting that no matter pertaining to him be placed before the cm or his council of ministers.
;;0.0772;;with kashmir in turmoil, a delegation of opposition parties from the state will meet prime minister narendramodi tomorrow to impress upon him the need for finding a political solution to the crisis by initiating a dialogue with all stakeholders.
;;0.0258;;(file)meghalaya chief minister mukul sangma said on thursday that he is waiting for prime minister narendramodi and the home ministry to take a call on incumbent governor v shanmuganathan, after a section of raj bhavan employees demanded his removal for seriously compromising the dignity of the gubernatorial office.
;;-0.4404;;former prime minister h d deve gowda monday said that prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah were not behind chief minister b s yediyurappas decision to order a cbi probe into the alleged phone-tapping scandal during the previous congress-jd(s) government headed by his son h d kumaraswamy.
;;-0.7096;;odisha chief minister naveen patnaik on saturday wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi , rejecting the negotiation committee formed by the centre to resolve the mahanadi river water dispute and added that it will only delay setting up of the tribunal to allow chhattisgarh to complete construction of the disputed projects.
;;-0.7096;;(source: express photo) odisha chief minister naveen patnaik on saturday wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi , rejecting the negotiation committee formed by the centre to resolve the mahanadi river water dispute and added that it will only delay setting up of the tribunal to allow chhattisgarh to complete construction of the disputed projects.
;;-0.7096;;(source: express photo)odisha chief minister naveen patnaik on saturday wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi , rejecting the negotiation committee formed by the centre to resolve the mahanadi river water dispute and added that it will only delay setting up of the tribunal to allow chhattisgarh to complete construction of the disputed projects.
;;0.4767;;pti photoasserting that it was a matter of immense pride for india to see its first batch of women fighter pilots to be inducted into the indian air force, prime minister narendramodi on saturday congratulated the freshly commissioned pilots.
;;0.5267;;to butress his point,pande produced a letter dated september 1,2011 from chief minister narendramodi to the prime minister seeking recall of the governor for her act of appointing justice r a mehta as the lokayukta of gujarat without consulting the council of ministers headed by the cm.
;;-0.4215;;prime minister of india narendramodi modi,bjp national president amit shah at new chief minister yogi aditya nath oath taking ceremoney at smriti upvan in lucknow on sunday (express photo by vishal srivastav) prime minister of india narendramodi modi,bjp national president amit shah at new chief minister yogi aditya nath oath taking ceremoney at smriti upvan in lucknow on sunday (express photo by vishal srivastav)prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the sole mission and motive is development of uttar pradesh, in an apparent bid to allay fears about hardline hindutva leader yogi adityanath taking over as chief minister.
;;0.5859;;sushmaji was a model bjp worker and the best tribute you can pay her is to emulate her, said prime minister narendramodi , addressing the gathering at jawaharlal nehru stadium here.
;;0.0;;a group of around 20 congress workers including a former minister tried to disrupt a press conference held at the gujarat minerals development corporation auditorium by industrialists and bureaucrats on saturday to brief the media on chief minister narendramodi modis recent japan tour.
;;0.0;;when narendramodi visited bhabra in tribal-dominated alirajpur district of madhya pradesh, which is very close to gujarat border, on tuesday, he became the first prime minister to do so.
;;0.0;;abhinav sahaleelavati sharma rushed home as soon as prime minister narendramodi signed off from mann ki baat on sunday morning.
;;0.34;;while he launched a scathing attack on prime minister narendramodi , rahul, in his first address as party president at the congress plenary session, also called for a change within the party, saying the walls between leaders and party workers must be broken.
;;0.3167;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi is set to give an interview to cnn news 18 in what the channel described as the most comprehensive interview since he took office.
;;0.9313;;ahead of the international yoga day, prime minister narendramodi on sunday thanked nations across the globe for their enthusiasm and support to celebrate the ancient indian discipline, adding that yoga was so much more than just physical exercise and that it helped in achieving a sense of clarity.
;;0.3612;;co/orl3gagfnh  narendramodi (@narendramodi) june 19, 2016the reverberations of the discipline found a natural home at the un headquarters in new york where the journey began.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with the deputy crown prince of saudi arabia, mohammad bin salman at a meeting at the g20 summit 2016 in hangzhou, china on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi with the deputy crown prince of saudi arabia, mohammad bin salman at a meeting at the g20 summit 2016 in hangzhou, china on sunday.
;;0.5423;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on sunday met deputy crown prince of saudi arabia mohammad bin salman and held discussions on unsc reform and on enhancing bilateral ties in various areas including energy and maritime security.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had earlier said the government wants to build consensus for the passage of these bills.
;;0.7615;;after the meeting, mufti told reporters that she is hopeful that prime minister narendramodi would use this opportunity to initiate a dialogue with the people of j&k.
;;0.0;;its a choice between a majboor (hapless) and majboot (strong) government, said prime minister narendramodi at his partys national council meet in delhi on the same day.
;;0.0;;he also said that prime minister narendramodi should act against jaitley for having purportedly advised sinha on government formation, a subject not in his ambit of power and responsibilities.
;;0.7717;;b'international yoga day: pm narendramodi greets thousands of yoga enthusiasts as they gather to celebrate world yoga day in chandigarh on tuesday.
;;0.7717;;(source: ap photo) international yoga day: pm narendramodi greets thousands of yoga enthusiasts as they gather to celebrate world yoga day in chandigarh on tuesday.
;;0.8934;;speaking on the occasion, president mukherjee appreciated prime minister narendramodi modis efforts in pulling off the annual event successfully, and called on the world community to practice yoga to stay fit and healthy.
;;0.296;;on the occasion of the international yoga day today, prime minister narendramodi , , asserted that the ancient indian art was the most selfless of its kind, as it did not discriminate, did not ask for much, but simply functioned for the betterment of mankind and brought every society together.
;;0.0;;the projects also included the jal poojan of the chhatrapati shivaji memorial in arabian sea by prime minister narendramodi on december 24.
;;-0.25;;last month, prime minister narendramodi had said that the government had cancelled the registration of over one lakh companies in one fell swoop and that more than 37,000 shell companies had been identified for further action.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi on friday will interact with the beneficiaries of its flagship digital india scheme through the namo app at 9.
;;0.4939;;(express photo) prime minister narendramodi on friday will interact with the beneficiaries of its flagship digital india scheme through the namo app at 9.
;;0.6124;;(express photo)asserting that digital india had checked black money and uprooted middlemen, prime minister narendramodi on friday said the governments flagship scheme to digitally empower citizens had created immense job opportunities in small towns and rural areas.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi has said he is dedicated to the welfare of dalits, and added that those self-appointed guardians who see this as an obstruction to their politics were creating hurdles and tension in the country.
;;0.0;;watch: narendramodi modis life in five milestonesthe full 90-minute interview with pm modi will be telecast on cnn news 18 tonight at 9 pm.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi has engaged with world leaders at bilateral and multilateral summits.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi has engaged with world leaders at bilateral and multilateral summits.
;;0.0;;(xinhua via ap)diplomacy has been one of the focus areas of the government led by narendramodi , even before he took charge as prime minister.
;;0.1027;;in remarks that raised the hackles of the congress, which demanded an apology from shah as well as prime minister narendramodi , the bjp president went on term mahatma gandhi a bahut chatur baniya, a very shrewd baniya.
;;0.25;;congress president rahul gandhi on friday trained his guns on prime minister narendramodi over the formers recent remark that no government had honoured dalit icon br ambedkar as the present nda regime had.
;;0.0;;(source: wikimedia commons)prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the second phase of the rashtrapati bhawan museum on monday to mark the completion of four years of the president pranab mukherjee.
;;-0.2263;;(photo: twitter/@mkstalin)prime minister narendramodi modis visit to chennai on thursday was marked by thousands of cauvery protesters marching through the streets, loudly chanting go back modi.
;;-0.1779;;tdp mp jay galla on thursday said party chief n chandrababu naidu was an alternative and a threat to prime minister narendramodi , days after the andhra pradesh chief minister ruled himself out of the 2019 prime ministerial race.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi extended his best wishes to parrikar.
;;0.0;;unlike the inaugural sadbhavana mission fast in ahmedabad a month ago,where the presence of muslims was overwhelming,in the second leg at chief minister narendramodi modis day-long fast in dwarka,it was their absence which remained conspicuous.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with president of china xi jinping in ahmedabad, gujarat.
;;0.0;;express photo by javed raja prime minister narendramodi with president of china xi jinping in ahmedabad, gujarat.
;;0.1027;;advertisingthe defence corridor project was announced by prime minister narendramodi in lucknow during the investors summit last year, the project is expected to have at least six nodes along lucknow-agra and upcoming bundelkhand expressways.
;;0.128;;b'madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan today maintained a silence on the recent elevation of gujarat chief minister narendramodi in bjp and the subsequent resignation by veteran leader l k advani from all key party posts.
;;0.0;;jethmalani also asked: are you aware that i advised mr narendramodi not to set you up as a candidate from the amritsar seat?
;;0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi had promised that the pain of demonetisation would last only for 50 days, but would benefit the country enormously in the future.
;;0.5574;;(file) prime minister narendramodi had promised that the pain of demonetisation would last only for 50 days, but would benefit the country enormously in the future.
;;0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi had promised that the pain would last only for 50 days, but would benefit the country enormously in the future.
;;0.3818;;with two days left for teachers day, schools in the capital are busy making arrangements to ensure live telecast of prime minister narendramodi modis speech on friday.
;;0.34;;jammu and kashmir governor n.n. vohra jammu and kashmir governor n.n. vohrajammu and kashmir governor n n vohra met prime minister narendramodi on friday and is believed to have briefed him on the prevailing law and order situation in the state and the overall security scenario in the valley.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate 100 mw power supply by remote control from tripuras palatana project to bangladesh on march 23.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi got rajnath singh to discharge that job, and in four years singh has delivered on many fronts.
;;0.6369;;external affairs minister sushma swaraj said friday that the country saw an unprecedented development under prime minister narendramodi modis government and its respect has increased globally.
;;0.4118;;senior bjp leader l k advani today lauded chief minister narendramodi for good governance and making the state corruption-free,saying the growth of gujarat was not only the development of the state government but also of the people in the state.
;;0.0;;this has been possible under the able leadership of narendramodi , he said in his first public meeting in gujarat at vapi,as part of his jan chetna yatra.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had employed a similar strategy to unseat the upa government.
;;-0.6705;;(express photo)prime minister narendramodi on sunday expressed deepest condolences to the families of those killed due to lightning in various parts of odisha.
;;0.0;;however, oli is unlikely to tilt towards india, notwithstanding the olive branch prime minister narendramodi has extended since the election results.
;;0.926;;pritzker said prime minister narendramodi modis commitment to host the 2017 global entrepreneurship summit will highlight indias strong culture of innovation on the global stage and provide indian entrepreneurs with an exceptional opportunity to meet with top investors and network with their international peers.
;;0.4019;;he said that prime minister narendramodi has emphasised the need for modernisation of our armed forces and said that efforts are being made to increase the participation of the private sector for make in india in the defence sector.
;;0.34;;the cabinet appointments committee headed by prime minister narendramodi took the decision and accordingly issued an order on monday, giving sinha a total four-year term.
;;0.2023;;in an affidavit filed in the supreme court a few months ago,bhatt had claimed he was present in the meeting called by chief minister narendramodi on the night of february 27,2002,where the cm had allegedly instructed his officers to allow hindus to vent their anger on muslims.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newsreacting to this attempt, while prime minister narendramodi congratulated the participants, gujarat chief minister anandi patel mentioned this feat, both by tweeting with event pictures.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi will visit goa on november 13 to lay the foundation stone of mopa international airport in the northern part of the state.
;;0.0;;a petition in this regard has also been submitted at the offices of prime minister narendramodi , chief minister devendra fadnavis and the urban development ministry.
;;0.4588;;senior company officials met chief minister narendramodi and other state officials on thursday and expressed their interest in setting up a car plant.
;;0.0;;in)prime minister narendramodi on sunday addressed the nation in the 29th edition of his monthly radio broadcast mann ki baat.
;;0.0;;11:00 am: pm narendramodi modis radio broadcast begins.
;;-0.7096;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi today accused the cbi of castigating the states law and order situation and despising elected members and the state government.
;;-0.4019;;his comments came ahead of the two-day informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping in the central chinese city of wuhan tomorrow, during which a host of issues, including an over usd 50 billion trade deficit between the two countries is expected to figure.
;;0.5267;;leader of the congress in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge, who is a part of the three-member selection committee along with prime minister narendramodi and chief justice of india j s khehar, opposed the appointment and gave a dissent note.
;;0.0;;the shiv sena on friday referred to prime minister narendramodi as mauni baba, who only speaks about domestic issues when he is abroad.
;;0.7506;;shah told the party workers that the bjp had won 120 seats when narendramodi was the chief minister (of gujarat).
;;0.4215;;the key candidates in the fray include prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi, bjp chief amit shah, rajnath singh, sonia gandhi, pragya thakur, kanaiah kumar, sunny deol, digvijaya singh, shatrughan sinha, ravi shankar prasad, shashi tharoor among others.
;;-0.4404;;(source: pti photo)the trinamool congress unit in tripura has asked prime minister narendramodi to immediately intervene and order the military to repair of heavily damaged national highway 8 in assam.
;;0.4588;;as a tribal minister, i did all that was required for the benefit of tribal community and regions, under the guidance of prime minister narendramodi , gujarat tribal leader mansukhbhai vasava said.
;;0.4588;;as a tribal minister, i did all that was required for the benefit of tribal community and regions, under the guidance of prime minister narendramodi , gujarat tribal leader mansukhbhai vasava said.
;;-0.5267;;(source: pti)prominent tribal leader from gujarat mansukhbhai vasava, who was dropped from prime minister narendramodi modis ministerial council, on tuesday said he had no idea on the reason of his ouster, but admitted that he was working in a hostile environment.
;;0.4588;;as a tribal minister, i did all that was required for the benefit of tribal community and regions, under the guidance of prime minister narendramodi , vasava told pti.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi advised people in his home state to follow real-time information to stay safe.
;;0.0;;b'reflecting widening rift with jd-u,bjp today said bihar chief minister nitish kumar was nobody to give a certificate on secularism to his gujarat counterpart narendramodi and pointed out that he has remained a part of nda even after the 2002 godhra incident.
;;-0.5267;;this act will not go unpunished as under prime minister narendramodi the army has not been restrained from responding to pakistans unprovoked ceasefire violations, he said.
;;0.6249;;watch video: whats making newsmeanwhile, on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in tashkent early today, prime minister narendramodi urged chinese president xi jinping to make a fair and objectives assessment of new delhis application to the nsg and to judge it on its own merit.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah at the bjp headquarters in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;(photo: prem nath pandey) prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah at the bjp headquarters in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.5267;;(photo: prem nath pandey)prime minister narendramodi has emerged as a clear favourite for the 2019 general elections after the bjps landslide victory in assembly elections in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, top us experts on india have said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi received razak at the rashtrapati bhawan.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, aiadmk general secretary v k sasikala urged prime minister narendramodi to promulgate an ordinance for holding jallikattu.
;;0.0;;desi beatsthe hotel which housed prime minister narendramodi and other indian delegates also had officials and leaders from other countries staying in it.
;;0.2462;;india, that had only noted but not welcomed the controversial, and apparently inadequate constitution promulgated so far, exhibited a slightly changed posture this time around as prime minister narendramodi congratulated dahal over the successful conduct of the local bodies poll.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo)the vote of thanks to the lieutenant governors address turned into a political slugfest as chief minister arvind kejriwal lashed out at the prime minister, while aap mla alka lamba played a contentious video by lsr college student gurmehar kaur, raising the hackles of the bjp.
;;0.0;;referring to prime minister narendramodi modis speeches in uttar pradesh, he said, modi did not speak about any of his development work in up rallies but rather spoke of shamshaans.
;;0.0;;b'former tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam former tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvammerger talks between the two factions of aiadmk having hit a rough patch, o panneerselvam met prime minister narendramodi on friday.
;;-0.128;;responding to a question on prime minister narendramodi modis remarks on independence day about tackling the issue of population explosion, adityanath again indicated a phased approach and said that there needs to be a barrier after a limit.
;;-0.25;;a delegation of the community,led by its religious leaders,will soon call on chief minister narendramodi to demand an effective ban on cow slaughter and large-scale theft of cattle.
;;-0.6908;;it mentions the name of prime minister narendramodi and holds him responsible (for the suicide), but we are yet to verify its authenticity and the actual cause of the death, yavatmal superintendent of police (sp) raj kumar told pti.
;;0.2732;;b'prime minister narendramodi , who walked in while the oath-taking was on, greeted the members.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi , who walked in while the oath-taking was on, greeted the members.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi , who walked in while the oath-taking was on, greeted the members.
;;0.0;;bhatt,who had alleged the involvement of chief minister narendramodi in 2002 riots,was placed under suspension by the state home department under rule 3(1) of all india services (discipline and appeals) rules (1969) on august 8,2011.
;;-0.7269;;in what appears like a replay of last summers events in the bjp when an angry gujarat chief minister narendramodi had threatened to boycott the partys national executive meeting,veteran leader l k advani is learnt to have gone into a sulk and skipped the meeting of the partys national office-bearers on friday,the eve of the national executive conference in goa.
;;-0.7783;;prime minister narendramodi condoled the loss of lives and sanctioned rs 2 lakh each to the kin of those killed.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi spent the night before election 2019 comes to an end in a cave 11,700 feet up in the himalayas.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;(file photo)president donald trump on monday called prime minister narendramodi and congratulated him for the bjps performance in the recent assembly elections, as per a white house statement.
;;0.2263;;under the leadership of pm narendramodi , bjp fought the elections in five states and successfully formed government in four.
;;0.2732;;here are the two instances when they rang each other:# just hours after announcement of donald trumps surprise victory in the us presidential elections against democrat hillay clinton, pm narendramodi called him up and congratulated him.
;;-0.4019;;# in the second instance, donald trump called up pm narendramodi four days after he was sworn-in as us president and the two leaders discussed issues like trade, defence and terrorism.
;;0.4215;;an event was also organised by republican hindu coalition ahead of the us polls and in a video released before the event, trump was seen using pm narendramodi modis popular campaign slogan ab ki baar, modi sarkar, replacing modi with trump.
;;0.4939;;the bjp will also share with people its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis vision for nation-building, he said.
;;0.3612;;b'india and germany are likely to sign pacts to deepen cooperation in trade, investment and energy, besides exploring ways to step up defence cooperation during prime minister narendramodi modis two-day visit to berlin beginning monday.
;;0.4215;;prime minister, narendramodi with secretary of state for international development, united kingdom, priti patel during their meeting , in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.4215;;pti photo prime minister, narendramodi with secretary of state for international development, united kingdom, priti patel during their meeting , in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;pti photobritish secretary of state for international development priti patel called on prime minister narendramodi on saturday.
;;-0.2023;;bjp star campaigner narendramodi modis repeated attack on congress vice president rahul gandhi at a public rally here has evoked sharp reaction from the latters party leaders here,who have questioned the gujarat chief ministers development model.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi completes two years in office on thursday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi completes two years in office on thursday.
;;0.0;;the nda government led by prime minister narendramodi has completed 100 days after coming to power for a second consecutive term with a massive mandate.
;;0.5106;;addressing a rally in haryanas rohtak, prime minister narendramodi said first 100 days (of the governments second term) has been of development, trust and big changes in the country.
;;-0.9063;;(source: ap photo/file)indias move to review the most favoured nation (mfn) status given to pakistan is a manifestation of prime minister narendramodi modis calculated economic isolation strategy of war without bullets, as a response to pakistan after the uri terrorist attack.
;;-0.7717;;watch video:india strikes along loc; dgmo says surgical strikes followed specific informationprime minister narendramodi may choose to take pakistan to the world trade organisations (wto) dispute settlement body.
;;0.734;;also read | pm narendramodi calls meeting to review most favoured nation status to pakistanwatch video: pm modi calls meeting on sept 29 to review most favoured nation status to pakbilateral trade between both the countries remains at an abysmal level.
;;-0.4767;;union information and broadcasting minister manish tewari on wednesday said that gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis political primer starts with f (for fake encounters) and ends with g (for genocide).
;;-0.6249;;as a message to prime minister narendramodi , she said, mr prime minister, you indulge in violence.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday arrived in france to attend the g7 summit where he will speak on burning global issues of environment, climate and digital transformation and also meet the world leaders.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with baba ramdev.
;;0.0;;(source: ani) prime minister narendramodi with baba ramdev.
;;0.3818;;(source: ani)prime minister narendramodi today said the world would accept ayurvedic products with alacrity if they were packaged in a modern way.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi instructed his council of ministers on wednesday to make only those claims which can be established and also not to appoint their near and dear ones in advisory roles in ministries.
;;0.2716;;b'prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)in the cacophony of puerile speeches that have defined the campaign for uttar pradesh, the prime ministers most important observation went unobserved.
;;0.0;;in one of its first decisions regarding legislative business, the new cabinet led by prime minister narendramodi is likely to take up a bill to criminalise triple talaq once again when it meets on wednesday afternoon.
;;0.4588;;the first unit of kudankulam nuclear power plant was dedicated to the nation recently by prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by sahil walia)a foundation stone with prime minister narendramodi modis name etched on it for a community centre in sector 15 was laid two years ago in february 2014.
;;0.0;;it courted controversy when around 50 bricks in the name of prime minister narendramodi were laid as the foundation stone.
;;-0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi chose to take non-military action on pakistan by isolating it as a response to pakistan-backed terrorist attacks in india.
;;0.0;;b'mehbooba mufti addresses media after her meeting with the prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti ) mehbooba mufti addresses media after her meeting with the prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.4404;;mehbooba, who met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi, saturday to discuss the future course of action, also emphasised that the format of dialogue should be better than in the past when the central governments had nominated interlocutors and set up working groups.
;;0.079;;we need to put people who have very credible backgrounds and can communicate with the other side, she added while noting that prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh have expressed readiness for talks for some kind of solution to this problem.
;;0.0;;leading from the front: prime minister narendramodi with his cabinet colleagues on tuesday.
;;0.0;;prem nath pandey leading from the front: prime minister narendramodi with his cabinet colleagues on tuesday.
;;0.6705;;prem nath pandeyhaving already asked bjp legislators to be in election mode, prime minister narendramodi on friday asked party mps from states governed by opposition parties to focus on the youth and use the digital platform to reach out to them ahead of 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah, finance minister arun jaitley and bjp leader l k advani at the second day of the partys national executive meeting in delhi on saturday (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah, finance minister arun jaitley and bjp leader l k advani at the second day of the partys national executive meeting in delhi on saturday (pti photo)elections in uttar pradesh are known as the mother of all polls.
;;-0.1027;;opposition parties have used the issue to attack the ruling bjp, which has been assiduously wooing wooed dalits under prime minister narendramodi and its president amit shah.
;;0.2732;;it shows prime minister narendramodi flagging off indias fastest train  the vande bharat express as well as yoga day celebrations.
;;0.765;;with prime minister narendramodi seated in the house, the minister said that it takes strong resolve and a 56-inch chest with a beating heart to achieve success.
;;0.0;;external affairs minister s jaishankar will hold talks with his russian counterpart sergey lavrov in moscow on wednesday and finalise preparations for prime minister narendramodi modis forthcoming visit to the country.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi and the chief minister announced an ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh and rs 4 lakh respectively to the kin of those killed in the incident.
;;0.6124;;the gift city,a pet idea of chief minister narendramodi planned on the fringes of ahmedabad and gandhinagar,was to be a joint venture between gujarat urban development company limited and infrastructure leasing and financial services limited (il&fs) and was touted as a dedicated global financial services hub that would create 5-6 lakh jobs by 2020.
;;0.6808;;b'the state unit of bjp is in favour of naming gujarat chief minister narendramodi as the partys prime ministerial candidate,but is waiting for party leadership in delhi to take a final call on the issue,a state bjp leader said today.
;;0.6808;;dubbing the municipal elections to be held next month as mini india elections, naidu said people want to strengthen prime minister narendramodi modis hands because he is an able leader dedicated to development.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi speaks in the lok sabha on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo/tv grab) prime minister narendramodi speaks in the lok sabha on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;the family has decided to take out a mashal rally in varanasi seeking support from local residents and gherao prime minister narendramodi modis office in varanasi on july 30.
;;-0.2023;;we are also sending a letter to prime minister narendramodi demanding for inquiry into the matter, said narsinghs father pancham yadav, a native of neema murari village in varanasi.
;;0.0;;after four years in office, prime minister narendramodi has announced his intention to give farmers msps that are at least 50 per cent above the cost (a2+fl and not c2).
;;-0.6808;;prime minister narendramodi has visited both these countries and delhi had got on board the leaders of both the countries to deal with terrorism.
;;0.6369;;goel promised them full support and said that the government under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi believes in the mantra of sabka saath sabka vikas.
;;0.0;;(express photo by amit mehra)prime minister narendramodi will be paying tribute to 12th century lingayat philosopher and social reformer basaveshwara at his statue on the banks of the river thames during his visit to the uk this week.
;;-0.7906;;he has, however, downplayed the controversy surrounding the live streaming of his arrival at parliament, and demanded prime minister narendramodi be expelled for compromising national security by allowing a team from pakistan to investigate the pathankot air force base after a terror attack in january this year.
;;0.5994;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi got off to a riveting start after launching a string of programmes and national missions to revitalise the indian economy, accelerate the pace of social development, and position india as an environmental champion on the global stage.
;;0.4019;;pti photoyogi adityanath, five-time bjp mp from gorakhpur, was on sunday sworn in as uttar pradesh chief minister along with two deputy chief ministers and 45 other ministers in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah and other party leaders.
;;0.8481;;welcoming the icj verdict, prime minister narendramodi said that truth and justice have prevailed.
;;-0.296;;speaking about the armys action across the loc, the minister of state for information and broadcasting said prime minister narendramodi has made efforts to create an ambiance of friendship but this should not be treated as weakness.
;;0.0;;when he chose to go with the bjp and partner with prime minister narendramodi to form a coalition government in j&k, it seemed, suddenly, that this decision and its political fallout would not only determine muftis legacy but also his partys future.
;;0.4588;;at the concluding session of the two-day training programme for bjp lawmakers sunday, prime minister narendramodi instructed party workers to desist negativity and perform their duties with a positive outlook.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi modis top aides nripendra misra and p k mishra were reappointed on tuesday and were given the rank of cabinet minister.
;;0.4215;;(representational image)prime minister narendramodi has extended his birthday greetings to tamil nadu chief minister k palaniswami, the state government said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;the bjp, including its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , has remained silent on the issue, even as senior leader arun jaitley has opposed section 377 in his personal capacity.
;;0.4404;;prime minister prime minister narendramodi being presented a traditional headgear during the inauguration of the health and wellness centre to mark the launch of ayushman bharat, in bijapur, chhatisgarh on saturday.
;;0.3612;;shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray sunday said prime minister narendramodi should stand by the states marathwada region like how the countrys first home minister sardar patel did.
;;0.872;;(express photo by amit mehra)ahead of his visit to sweden and the united kingdom, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said he was looking forward to deepening bilateral engagement with both the countries in a number of areas including trade, investment and clean energy.
;;-0.0516;;hours after danseuse mallika sarabhai accused chief minister narendramodi of using public funds to bribe her lawyers in an attempt to derail proceedings of a pil filed in the supreme court on the 2002 riots,retired dgp r b sreekumar admitted that the cm had asked him to give rs 10 lakh to ips officer sanjiv bhatt in april 2002.
;;-0.8481;;coming within months of the revolutionary decision to ban high-value currency notes, which many sceptics prophesied would lead to an electoral debacle for the bjp, the stupendous victory showed that the people are with prime minister narendramodi in his war against black money and corruption.
;;0.4019;;b'the sewage treatment capacity in towns along the ganga is being enhanced substantially as part of efforts to clean the river, a meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi was told.
;;0.5859;;earlier, trinamool congress mp sultan ahmed allegedly drew flak from party leadership after he decided to adopt uluberia, even as the party had decided to boycott the scheme, known to be close to prime minister narendramodi modis heart.
;;-0.7506;;he also no longer hesitates to mock  uddhav uses mitron and bhaiyon aur behnon when referring to prime minister narendramodi , though he skips bal thackerays use of mimicry.
;;0.7717;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday visited the historic pagoda temple in hanoi and the stilt house where revered leader ho chi minh lived, apart from enjoying fishing with his vietnamese counterpart nguyen xuan phuc.
;;0.3182;;in 2014, prime minister narendramodi had got his mandate on the basis of his promise to double farmers income.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressing a public rally at battal in udhampur.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi addressing a public rally at battal in udhampur.
;;-0.128;;(pti photo)hitting out at stone pelters in kashmir and hailing the new chenani-nashri tunnel that would reduce the the time taken to travel between jammu and srinagar, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that while some people in the valley are busy throwing stones, some are trying to change the future of the state by cutting the same stone and making a tunnel out of it.
;;-0.4588;;the congress twitter handle had posted a video depicting prime minister narendramodi and self-styled godman asaram bapu, who was convicted by a special jodhpur court in the rape of a minor girl.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday met his japanese counterpart shinzo abe in russias vladivostok and the two leaders had an in-depth discussion on a wide range of subjects, particularly bettering trade and cultural relations between the two countries.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi met with pm shinzo abe on the margins of 5th eef in vladivostok.
;;-0.7096;;zakia challenged the sits closure report that couldnt find out the alleged role of chief minister narendramodi and 62 others in the state-wide rioting,in which her husband,former congress mp ehsan jafri,had been killed.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi on thursday invited japanese companies to invest in gujarats textile sector.
;;-0.0772;;chief minister narendramodi modis recent announcement of a rs 10000-crore water supply project using the excess narmada water for the seven districts of saurashtra comes at a time when neighbouring madhya pradesh has raised serious objections over the rights of utilisable water of the narmada basin.
;;0.4939;;b'prime minister narendramodi with his mauritius counterpart pravind kumar jugnaut witnessing signing of an agreement at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.4939;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi with his mauritius counterpart pravind kumar jugnaut witnessing signing of an agreement at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.6808;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on saturday met his mauritian counterpart pravind jugnauth, who is on a three-day visit to india, and signed a maritime security agreement after extensive talks with the nation.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi shakes hand with his mauritius counterpart pravind kumar jugnaut during their joint press statement in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.4939;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi shakes hand with his mauritius counterpart pravind kumar jugnaut during their joint press statement in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.4019;;citing the example of hanuman, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked his party mps to work selflessly and to take initiatives on their own.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday congratulated ace-sprinter dutee chand on bagging the 100-metre gold at the 30th summer university games at naples in italy on tuesday.
;;-0.25;;vijayvargiya also took to twitter to post an image of prime minister narendramodi and congress vice president rahul gandhi wearing a torn kurta, with a slogan that compared raees to hrithik roshan-starrer kaabil.
;;0.2177;;on the possible visit by prime minister narendramodi , he said that sooner, the better, without giving out any dates.
;;0.6369;;us ambassador to india richard verma (file photo) us ambassador to india richard verma (file photo)the last two years have marked the best in the indo-us relationship when president barack obama and prime minister narendramodi met nine times and several initiative were undertaken, us ambassador richard verma said on friday.
;;0.0;;astana: prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the sco summit in astana.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) astana: prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the sco summit in astana.
;;-0.0772;;in his address, prime minister narendramodi thanked the sco leaders for ensuring indias entry into the grouping and said it will give a new momentum to the bloc in dealing with terrorism and other pressing challenges facing the region.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is also expected to make an appearance.
;;0.1027;;on the fifth day of its argument,supreme court-appointed special investigation team (sit) on tuesday rubbished as hearsay the allegation made against chief minister narendramodi by zakia jafri,who had alleged that bodies of sabarmati express train carnage victims were handed over to kin in a ceremonial way.
;;0.6249;;the congress is creating hype over gujarat chief minister narendramodi to polarise muslim votes in its favour.
;;-0.5423;;taking a dig at the congress-led upa government over the issue of corruption,chief minister narendramodi on saturday said these days people wondered as to who was going to be the next leader of the ruling alliance to face arrest on graft charges.
;;0.5423;;irani also spoke on the schemes launched by prime minister narendramodi and asked the varsity authorities to provide the benefit of pradhan mantri suraksha bima yojna and pradhan mantri jeevan jyoti bima yojna to the teaching and non-teaching staff of the university.
;;-0.0516;;pti photocpi(m) tuesday threatened that it will take the matter concerning the raincoat jibe on manmohan singh by prime minister narendramodi in the house to its logical conclusion in coordination with other parties.
;;0.4939;;around 6 crore people are expected to attend the simhastha mahakumbh, a month-long religious festival held once every 12 years, with prime minister narendramodi expected to attend at least one event this time.
;;0.4019;;tamil nadu chief minister k palaniswami friday underlined his governments commitment against any attempt to privatise the salem steel plant, saying all mps from the state can meet prime minister narendramodi to discuss the matter.
;;-0.7003;;here are some quotes from kejriwals speech at maghi mela# how can i be scared of badal when i was not scared of badals taau  prime minister narendramodi , who sent cbi to raid me?
;;0.5994;;advertisingthe us president on monday stunned the world by saying that prime minister narendramodi , during the g20 summit in osaka, japan, sought his help in resolving the kashmir issue.
;;0.25;;pm and mediaprime minister narendramodi follows the media keenly, especially when the issues concern him.
;;0.0;;(express photo: manoj aligadi)a short journey from delhi, prime minister narendramodi said in his independence day address, there is a village in hathras called nagla fatela.
;;0.7845;;smart technology, involving people in operations could make 247 electricity a reality (photo: reuters) smart technology, involving people in operations could make 247 electricity a reality (photo: reuters)written by abhishek jaintwo years ago, in his independence day speech, prime minister narendramodi promised to provide electricity to the 18,500 villages, which did not have electricity then, in 1,000 days.
;;0.1779;;the bahujan samaj party (bsp) wednesday expelled its lok sabha mp from hamirpur vijay bahadur singh for defending gujarat chief minister narendramodi for his puppy remarks,saying the unauthorised statements went against the partys ideology and principles.
;;0.6369;;b'saying that he was ready to give credit for sardar sarovar dam project to congress,gujarat chief minister narendramodi today demanded that centre allow to install gates on the dam so that water could reach farmers in the parched regions of the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping speak to each other during their walk along the east lake in wuhan province of central china on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters) prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping speak to each other during their walk along the east lake in wuhan province of central china on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters)prime minister narendramodi returned to new delhi on saturday after wrapping up his two-day informal summit with chinese president xi jinping in the central chinese city of wuhan.
;;0.0;;the centre on sunday said that it will inquire into alleged misuse of state machinery in gujarat in the wake of alleged  snooping  on a woman from the state allegedly at the behest of amit shah ,a close aide of bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi .
;;-0.6249;;punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh will lead a delegation of the ravidas community to meet the prime minister narendramodi for the resolution of the crisis triggered by the demolition of their historic temple in delhis tughlaqabad area.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will hold delegation-level talks with the french president on march 10.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in his independence day speech in 2015 announced that these villages will be electrified within the next 1000 days.
;;-0.872;;subsequently,one ishaq maradia,who is also the complainant in the alleged scam,filed a contempt petition against chief minister narendramodi and the council of ministers for allegedly refusing sanction to prosecute solanki without taking the governors sanction as directed by the court.
;;0.4404;;in a letter dated may 1, the manchs co-convenor, ashwani mahajan, urged prime minister narendramodi to ensure that the national pharmaceutical pricing authority (nppa) of india is not dismantled.
;;0.0;;on november 8 last year, prime minister narendramodi made an announcement to demonetise rs 1,000 and rs 500 currency notes.
;;0.2263;;the trip will be a rare outing outside the state for the maverick pro-marathi politician who is known to be an admirer of gujarat chief minister narendramodi but has famously declared that maharashtra is his domain and he is not really concerned about national developments.
;;-0.4588;;(express photo by rajesh stephen)on the 127th birth anniversary of dr b r ambedkar, his grandson, advocate prakash ambedkar, attacked prime minister narendramodi during an event in pune on saturday.
;;0.6124;;he also came down heavily on prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis, alleging that they had taken the citizens for a ride with their false promises and assurances.
;;0.3818;;and like his other battles off late, kejriwals aim is clearly on prime minister narendramodi as he has to dislodge the bjp alliance to come to power in both these states.
;;0.7717;;(ap photo)no matter how you do the sums, you cannot come up with an easy answer as to whether the wuhan summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping has been a success or not.
;;-0.3818;;addressing the indian diaspora in the us through video conference on sunday,gujarat chief minister and bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi equated the upcoming lok sabha elections with the one held right after the emergency and said that the common man would uproot the congress-led upa government in delhi.
;;-0.4767;;advertisingon thursday, in an address to the nation, prime minister narendramodi promised jobs, all-round development, transparent elections to the j&k assembly as part of the new union territory and an end to terrorism.
;;0.4404;;b'saudi king salman (r) walks with indias prime minister narendramodi during an official welcoming ceremony in riyadh, saudi arabia april 3, 2016.
;;0.4404;;reuters/saudi press agency/handout via reuters saudi king salman (r) walks with indias prime minister narendramodi during an official welcoming ceremony in riyadh, saudi arabia april 3, 2016.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi modis just-concluded visit to saudi arabia has produced a joint statement unprecedented in terms of the strong words used and the space devoted to terrorism.
;;0.25;;last september, the indian government had advanced the deadline of the project by a year, saying that prime minister narendramodi wanted it to be completed by 2022, though the official deadline set in consultation with the japan government is 2023.
;;0.2732;;live updates: prime minister narendramodi greeted malaysia pm najib razak at rashtrapati bhawan today.
;;0.2732;;live updates: prime minister narendramodi greeted malaysia pm najib razak at rashtrapati bhawan today.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday welcomed malaysian pm najib razak at rashtrapati bhawan for a ceremonial reception.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)us president barack obama will leave office on friday as donald trump prepares to take oath as the 45th president of the united states.
;;0.0;;as obama steps down, prime minister narendramodi will become the most followed leader of state on social media platforms including twitter, facebook, youtube and google+.
;;0.0;;chief information commissioner r k mathur divested acharyulu of the hrd portfolio, two days after he ordered disclosure of records of delhi universitys ba course in 1978, when prime minister narendramodi is said to have graduated.
;;-0.7795;;the two ministers drove to prime minister narendramodi modis residence and handed over their resignations in accordance with the partys decision to resign over the tdps charge that the centre was not granting special status to andhra pradesh.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with king abdullah ii ibn al hussein king of the jordan at hyderabad house.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with king abdullah ii ibn al hussein king of the jordan at hyderabad house.
;;-0.128;;the fight against terrorism, extremism and radicalisation is not against any particular religion, but is against the mindset which misleads our youth to inflict atrocities against the innocent, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday.
;;0.6369;;read | india, jordan agree to strengthen defence cooperation; sign 12 pactspresident ram nath kovind and prime minister narendramodi receive jordanian king abdullah ii bin al hussein during a ceremonial reception at rashtrapati bhawan on thursday.
;;0.0;;(praveen jain) president ram nath kovind and prime minister narendramodi receive jordanian king abdullah ii bin al hussein during a ceremonial reception at rashtrapati bhawan on thursday.
;;-0.1027;;responding to the remarks made by prime minister narendramodi at a rally in akluj on wednesday, maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray on thursday accused the pm of playing the caste card.
;;0.2732;;he has had meetings with pm narendramodi and amit shah earlier as well on the issue.
;;-0.3167;;the government of prime minister narendramodi has discarded the upa governments low-key endorsement of president xi jinpings belt and road initiative, become more critical of the china-pakistan economic corridor, stepped up work on its own trans-border connectivity initiatives, and intensified its defence diplomacy.
;;0.0;;his visit comes ahead of a meeting between us president donald trump and prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the g20 summit in osaka, japan on june 28-29.
;;0.5106;;we express our gratitude to prime minister narendramodi and chief minister manohar lal khattar for making him the bjps rajya sabha candidate, haryanas kandela khap president tek ram kandela said.
;;0.0;;advertisinghe said he had taken up puducherrys statehood issue with prime minister narendramodi during the recent niti aayog meeting.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe money was seized from the vehicles on the eve of prime minister narendramodi modis public rally in pasighat wednesday after congress workers alerted poll officials in arunachal pradeshs east siang district.
;;-0.5719;;alleging that bjp was indulging in cash for votes, congress spokesperson randeep singh surjewala said that the midnight raid on the convoy of khandu and the cash found exposes the brazen corruption and poll violation in the face of prime minister narendramodi modis rally in pasighat.
;;-0.4215;;(source: file/pti)a day after prime minister narendramodi modis impressive parivartan rally where the pm took a swipe at him for alleged corruption, chief minister virbhadra singh blamed union finance minister arun jaitley for his current troubles with the ed and cbi, which have filed cases against him.
;;-0.4767;;b'congress demanded pahlaj nihalanis resignation, saying his chamchagiri (sycophancy) of prime minister narendramodi should not affect the film industry.
;;-0.4767;;congress demanded pahlaj nihalanis resignation, saying his chamchagiri (sycophancy) of prime minister narendramodi should not affect the film industry.
;;-0.7269;;coming down heavily on censor board chairman pahlaj nihalani, the congress on thursday (june 9) demanded his resignation, saying his chamchagiri (sycophancy) of prime minister narendramodi should not affect the film industry.
;;-0.7089;;watch: udta punjab controversy: youth has the right to know drugs are a menace, says shahid kapoorthe way pahlaj nihalani has chosen his words, that he is chamcha of narendramodi is really unfortunate, babbar said insisting: the film industry that was once led by mehboob khan, v. shantaram, bimal roy, k. asif, b.r. chopra, raj kapoor and guru dutt, now has a censor board headed by such kind of a person who proudly says he is modi ka chamcha.
;;0.0;;babbar asserted that narendramodi who was elected to govern the country is busy empowering his chamchas.
;;0.1144;;although these elections were not a popularity test for prime minister narendramodi , the trends indicate that the party and its governments would have to face an intense anti-incumbency factor in the upcoming elections.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi works at a charkha at a ceremony to distribute charkhas to women before the national msme awards at punjab agricultural university in ludhiana.
;;0.4588;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi works at a charkha at a ceremony to distribute charkhas to women before the national msme awards at punjab agricultural university in ludhiana.
;;0.6597;;(source: pti)the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on sunday hit back at the congress over the recent controversy over prime minister narendramodi modis photos replacing mahatma gandhi on the calendar of the khadi and village industries commission (kvic) and said that father of the nation, khadi or charkha is not a soul proprietary of any political party.
;;-0.2263;;demanding answers, too, from the centre, the congress sought a statement from prime minister narendramodi in parliament to inform the country about the unprecedented steps it has taken and said that the bjp government is preparing for some misadventure in j&k.
;;0.8591;;addressing the national convention of the party youth wing, bharatiya janata yuva morcha (bjym), in vrindavan, shah praised narendramodi , saying even after becoming the prime minister he proudly applies tilak and takes a dip in the ganga.
;;-0.9442;;prime minister narendramodi on monday night condemned the naxal strike in chhattisgarh in which 13 crpf peronnel were killed and said words are not enough to deplore the brutal and inhuman attack by anti-national elements.
;;0.8126;;meanwhile, in a separate but near identical letter, panneerselvam thanked prime minister narendramodi and governor rao for all the support and cooperation extended by them during his term.
;;0.8176;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday inaugurated the eastern peripheral expressway (epe) which connects haryanas kundli on nh 1 and palwal on nh 2 as well as the phase-1 of the delhi-meerut expressway, indias first 14-lane highway.
;;0.0;;chinese state-run media highlighted xis meetings with kazakh counterpart nursultan nazarbayev, prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;according to a senior leader, prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah have already spoken to madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.4939;;the decision to declare 2017 as the year of japan-india friendly exchanges was taken during the meeting of prime minister narendramodi and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe during modis visit to that country last november.
;;0.5517;;shantilal and praful vaghela,fathers of dipesh (13) and abhishek (12) began their fast on tuesday,just to ensure that their cause does not get lost in the din of the two fasts,that of chief minister narendramodi and the congress leaders.
;;-0.25;;he said that the cm had gone alone to meet prime minister narendramodi despite a decision that an all-party delegation should meet him over the issue of syl.
;;-0.1779;;the war of words now over, chief minister harish rawat on monday met prime minister narendramodi , and post-meeting said modi has a friendly attitude towards all chief ministers, including him.
;;-0.296;;from government advertisements to policy decisions to the budget speech, it has been been the vijayan government to such an extent that critics have said pinarayi vijayan, chief minister, is duplicating prime minister narendramodi modis style of functioning.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0;;pti photo by subhav shukla prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.1027;;(file)prime minister narendramodi will begin a five-day visit on may 29 to indonesia and singapore, two of indias strategically key partners in the region, with an aim to deepen defence ties, particularly in the indo-pacific region.
;;0.4939;;b'prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)a proposed agreement with russia for setting up of two more units of kudankulam nuclear plant in tamil nadu remains in the realm of suspense ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to that country a fortnight from now.
;;0.1027;;in fact, ops met prime minister narendramodi in delhi on monday and later admitted to having discussed the merger issue with him.
;;0.0;;led by prime minister narendramodi , a three-member committee met on monday to zero in on the next cbi chief.
;;0.0;;india has proposed that the next informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping be held on october 11 in varanasi, the indian express has learnt.
;;0.5267;;a day after bjp president amit shah compared opposition parties to the snake and mongoose, and dogs and cats coming together on a tree to escape the flood of prime minister narendramodi in the 2019 lok sabha polls, bsp chief mayawati hit back on saturday, stating that bjp is using uncivilised and sanghi language under the leadership of guru-chela, referring to modi and shah.
;;0.0;;they also shouted slogans against prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh, bjp and rss.
;;0.0772;;the resignation had come as prime minister narendramodi is believed to have set an unwritten writ of 75-year age bar for ministers and had kept veterans like l k advani and murli manohar joshi out of the cabinet and co-opted them in margdarshak mandal.
;;0.0;;this would be the first meeting on trade issues after the meeting of prime minister narendramodi with the us president in japan on the sidelines of the g20 summit.
;;0.296;;(file)prime minister narendramodi on sunday will share his thoughts in the 28th edition of his monthly radio broadcast mann ki baat programme.
;;-0.4767;;(file)buoyed over the partys unity in arunachal pradesh, congress on saturday said people and legislators have rejected politics of defections and unseating of elected governments in the state and prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah should draw lessons in democratic values.
;;-0.7172;;it is in particular a lesson for bjp president amit shah and the politics of prime minister narendramodi who sought to unseat and bring down elected governments by completely ignoring the mandate of people, subjugating democracy and ignoring the essential tenets of our constitution.
;;-0.7096;;prime minister narendramodi said he was pained by the accident in agra.
;;0.0;;speaking in sitarganj constituency, gandhi said singh was an elected prime minister of india and when narendramodi speaks about manmohan singh in this manner, he is not talking only about manmohan singh, he is talking about every citizen of india.
;;0.3612;;b'prime minister narendramodi has pushed for greater business integration with china at the brics summit even though the corner pakistan plan didnt take off at the summit.
;;0.3612;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi has pushed for greater business integration with china at the brics summit even though the corner pakistan plan didnt take off at the summit.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi has pushed for greater business integration with china at the brics summit even though the corner pakistan plan didnt take off at the summit.
;;0.9217;;kicking off sparkle 2011 the gems and jewellery festival which is a part of vibrant gujarat 2011,chief minister narendramodi on thursday called for global branding of surat which has made its mark in diamond polishing industry and exhorted gujaratis to take over diamond mines across the world.
;;0.3612;;during the cabinet meeting, prime minister narendramodi is learnt to have announced that that rule 108 (i) and 108 (ii) of the motor vehicles act, which allow central and state governments to permit red beacons for dignitaries, would be scrapped.
;;-0.7906;;according to the fir lodged by constable k d panth, shah,a land broker and his friend,had accompanied him to bhatts residence on june 16 where the ips officer had allegedly threatened panth and forced him to sign an affidavit which supported his claim that he was present in the meeting called by chief minister narendramodi on february 27,2002,after the post-godhra riots.
;;-0.7351;;an additional sessions judge at ahmedabad district court on saturday rejected a revision application seeking action against prime minister narendramodi for filing a defective affidavit in 2012 while contesting the assembly election.
;;-0.7579;;share this article related article sc dismisses plea against pm modi over 2012 election affidavitsc dismisses plea against pm modi over 2012 election affidavit gujarat hc dismisses petition against pm narendramodi for filing defective affidavitgujarat hc dismisses petition against pm narendramodi for filing defective affidavit defective affidavit case: gujarat hc adjourns hearing on petition seeking action against pm narendramodi modidefective affidavit case: gujarat hc adjourns hearing on petition seeking action against pm narendramodi gujarat hc rejects aap plea to issue notice to pm narendramodi in affidavit casegujarat hc rejects aap plea to issue notice to pm narendramodi in affidavit case modis false affidavit case: court issues notice to govtmodis false affidavit case: court issues notice to govt modi marital status row: offence committed but fir cannot be filed nowaap member nishant verma approached the court after modi filed an affidavit from vadodara during the lok sabha polls last year.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi in oman.
;;0.0;;(file) pm narendramodi in oman.
;;0.7178;;(file)the most remarkable thing about the new agreements with oman on military access to the duqm port and logistical cooperation, announced during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to muscat, is that they took so long.
;;0.0;;the old rs 1,000 and 500 notes were scrapped after prime minister narendramodi made an unexpected announcement in this regard on november 8, 2016.
;;-0.0572;;we dont want to see the rest of the film, senior congress leader kapil sibal said on friday, taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi over his remark that the nda 2.
;;0.6369;;prime minister manmohan singh and bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi will share the stage at a function to inaugurate a museum dedicated to sardar vallabhbhai patels life in ahmedabad on october 29.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi congratulated people of delhi for the mandate.
;;0.872;;therefore, we need to make the mind strong, prime minister narendramodi told children on monday as he encouraged them to read biographies of leaders, sportspersons and others who have done great deeds in their lives.
;;0.128;;in an exclusive pre-poll interview with abp news on friday, prime minister narendramodi took a dig at congress and called its manifesto for the lok sabha polls a hypocrite one.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (left) and bihar chief minister nitish kumar.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (left) and bihar chief minister nitish kumar.
;;0.4019;;bihar chief minister nitish kumar has expressed his wish to travel with prime minister narendramodi to lumbini in nepal for the buddha purnima function on may 21.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi will launch fit india movement on thursday and the event will be broadcast live by doordarshan.
;;-0.8047;;i was specially called by prime minister narendramodi and felicitated for defeating parth pawar from maval, barne said, adding that the pawar family had put in all its might to defeat him, but failed.
;;0.0;;reuters/sivaram vindias metro man e sreedharan will not find a place on the stage when keralas much-awaited kochi metro project is inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on june 17.
;;0.8689;;political analysts feel that keeping in mind the popularity and winning streak of vedarathinam, bjp had chosen vedaranyam as among the places for prime minister narendramodi modis electioneering in the state to give a strong push for the partys goal of making a mark in the polls.
;;-0.4588;;three months after its defeat in the lok sabha elections, the congress seems divided on its approach towards prime minister narendramodi and the strategy to deal with him.
;;0.0;;months after ambassadors of the european union met him,gujarat chief minister narendramodi will on wednesday have interaction with 20 ambassadors of latin american and caribbean countries here.
;;0.4939;;the bout will be held at the thyagaraj stadium, which has a capacity of nearly 6,000, and vijender has already invited prime minister narendramodi , cricket legend sachin tendulkar and several other dignitaries for what promises to be a mega-event.
;;0.0;;watch videoprime minister prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.959;;(file photo)pm modi extends holi greetings: may the festival spread joy & warmth everywhereprime minister narendramodi on monday extended his best wishes to everybody on the occasion of holi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah at the bjp headquarters in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;(photo: prem nath pandey) prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah at the bjp headquarters in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.5423;;praising pm narendramodi modis pro-poor policies, he said, these results have taken the bjp two steps ahead.
;;0.7783;;(pti photo)showering praises at prime minister narendramodi for his economic policies, union minister for social justice and empowerment, thawar chand gehlot thursday said that prime minister narendramodi is an economist who is attached with the grassroots of the country.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , on november 29 last year, had asked bjp mps and mlas to submit their bank account statements of transaction between november 8, the day he announced demonetisation, and december 31 to party chief amit shah on january 1.
;;0.6369;;she said by dedicating the whole year to the martyrs of freedom movement, prime minister narendramodi had set a new precedent in the country in remembrance of the martyrs.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will address a public rally in nashik on september 19, on the concluding day of chief minister devendra fadnavis three-phase mahajanadesh yatra.
;;-0.7506;;has prime minister narendramodi forgotten his own words to claim 10 heads for one soldier killed by the pakistanis?
;;0.4253;;speaking about development of the northeastern region from the act east policy, pillai, an old northeast hand, said though the prime minister narendramodi and host of ministers from india have visited myanmar laos, cambodia, china and other countries in the neighbourhood, various agreements signed during these visits had not brought any benefit to the region.
;;-0.2732;;a conspiratorial narrative starring prime minister narendramodi , delhi lieutenant governor najeeb jung and others and a plot in which kejriwal is the chief target and victim has been constructed by the aap leadership.
;;0.0;;(express photo/nirmal harindran/file)prime minister narendramodi on thursday spoke to andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu, a day after the telugu desam party (tdp) chief announced to pull out of the nda government at the centre due to inadequate allocation of funds for the state in this years union budget.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi announced in december 2016 that all pregnant and lactating women would be given rs 6000 under the scheme.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , on sunday wished former south africa cricketer jonty rhodes daughter, named india, on her second birthday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , in his independence day address, announced an investment of rs 100 lakh crore in infrastructure development.
;;0.5719;;in pictures | india celebrates 73rd independence daythis was narendramodi modis sixth-straight independence day address after bjp-led nda stormed to power in 2014.
;;0.4019;;b'prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah at a meeting at the party office in new delhi on thursday after assembly poll results.
;;0.4019;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi with bjp president amit shah at a meeting at the party office in new delhi on thursday after assembly poll results.
;;-0.7351;;b'finance minister arun jaitley finance minister arun jaitleyfinance minister arun jaitley on wednesday denied reports of prime minister narendramodi striking a deal with his italian counterpart to free two italian marines accused of killing indian fishermen for information on the gandhi family.
;;-0.1027;;azad also questioned why narendramodi government allowed the blacklisted agustawestland to participate in make in india.
;;0.3182;;when prime minister narendramodi entered the luxurious espinas hotel in tehran on sunday, a group of schoolchildren from kendriya vidyalaya in the iranian capital were gathered at the hotels entrance to greet him.
;;0.8176;;taking on prime minister narendramodi over the khadi village industries commission (kvic) controversy, mahatma gandhis great grandson tushar gandhi on friday said that the governments decision to replace the picture of father of the nation on khadi udyogs calendar was a well-planned strategy to gain credibility.
;;0.5994;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi will lay the foundation stone for the first phase of ntpcs telangana super thermal power project (stpp) on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo/file)prime minister narendramodi on thursday left for a two-day visit to kazakhstan ahead of the shanghai cooperation organisation summit meeting in astana.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (ap photo) prime minister narendramodi (ap photo)a government has 1,826 days if it lasts the full term.
;;0.0258;;nripendra mishra has been retained as principal secretary to prime minister narendramodi , a statement from the appointments committee of the cabinet said on tuesday.
;;0.4215;;the decision by prime minister narendramodi of setting up of district mineral foundation and 30 per cent of the funds it received to be spent on development of the respective area has speeded up development, das said.
;;-0.7096;;a delhi court has dismissed a plea seeking prosecution of chief minister arvind kejriwal and others for allegedly defaming prime minister narendramodi by raising questions over his educational degree, saying only aggrieved persons can file defamation complaints.
;;-0.4767;;former karnataka chief minister hd kumaraswamy thursday said prime minister narendramodi brought bad luck to isro when he came to bengaluru to witness the landing of chandrayaan-2 leading to the space agency losing contact with the lander vikram.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi has talked about doubling farmers income and this technology can allow us to double our income, he pointed out.
;;0.7184;;(source: pti)joining millions of football lovers across the world, indian prime minister narendramodi on 12 june released commemorative postage stamps on the 2014 fifa world cup and hoped that the international event becomes a bridgefor connecting nations.
;;-0.1779;;the attack took place although security was high in the kashmir valley for prime minister narendramodi modis visit to open the chenani-nashri road tunnel.
;;-0.4404;;on the eve of mahatma gandhis death anniversary prime minister narendramodi on sunday said government is making efforts to eliminate leprosy as a tribute to the vision of the father of the nation.
;;0.34;;(pmo/twitter)jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti met prime minister narendramodi on monday at his residence and briefed him about the deteriorating security situation in the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.2263;;( source: pti )tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa on tuesday met prime minister narendramodi and demanded that india should sponsor a resolution in the united nations condemning the genocide in sri lanka.
;;0.3612;;(source: pti)when prime minister narendramodi meets his counterpart from nepal k p oli here on saturday, india will look for reassurance to complete the unfinished task of constitutional amendments so that stability returns to nepal.
;;-0.6597;;zakia had led a legal battle against then gujarat chief minister and now prime minister narendramodi and 61 other bureaucrats, police officers and politicians, charging them with complicity in the 2002 riots.
;;0.0;;the gujarat high court has concluded hearing a petition filed by zakia jafri, widow of slain former mp ehsan jafri, challenging a clean chit to narendramodi , the then chief minister, and others in 2002 riots cases.
;;0.2732;;moves are afoot to bring back indian ambassador to the us s jaishankar after prime minister narendramodi modis us visit in september, as well as the indian envoy to russia p s raghavan.
;;0.4215;;b'last year on january 5, prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet had approved the setting up of the ino.
;;0.4215;;last year on january 5, prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet had approved the setting up of the ino.
;;0.4215;;last year on january 5, prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet had approved the setting up of the ino.
;;-0.7269;;b'congress today flayed gujarat government for withholding its decision to seek death for maya kodnani in the naroda patiya case,saying there has been no change in the mindset of chief minister narendramodi and his feelings about a community.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is set to sound the poll bugle for the jharkhand assembly elections with the launch of pradhan mantri laghu vyaparik mandhan yojana and swarojgar pension schemes for farmers in ranchi on thursday.
;;0.4019;;lfven who is leading the largest foreign delegation to be present for the make in india week in mumbai also had a bilateral meeting with prime minister narendramodi on saturday afternoon where the latter hailed sweden as a significant partner in the make in india story.
;;0.4939;;b'an agreement to start the fund would be signed between narendramodi and vladimir putin at the brics summit.
;;0.4939;;(file) an agreement to start the fund would be signed between narendramodi and vladimir putin at the brics summit.
;;0.765;;an agreement to start the fund, the first of its kind partnership for the newly-formed niif, will be signed before prime minister narendramodi and president vladimir putin on the sidelines of the eighth two-day brics summit beginning here today, he said.
;;0.7506;;in picture, prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) in picture, prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)prime minister narendramodi was accorded a grand welcome in surat when he reached the city on sunday to commence his two-day visit to gujarat.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressing media outside the parliament.
;;0.0;;(source: ani) prime minister narendramodi addressing media outside the parliament.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi inaugurates superspeciality hospital in surat, gujarat.
;;0.0;;ani photo pm narendramodi inaugurates superspeciality hospital in surat, gujarat.
;;0.0772;;ani photoprime minister narendramodi is in surat, gujarat where he is going to inaugurate a number of key projects.
;;0.0;;this is pm narendramodi modis second visit to gujarat after he assumed office in 2014.
;;0.0;;he contrasted it with the politics of performance of prime minister narendramodi who, he noted, comes from a common family belonging to backward caste and has worked to bring dalits in mainstream socially and economically.
;;0.0;;thus spake pmmunsif on january 3 comments on prime minister narendramodi modis recent interview.
;;-0.7351;;(express photo)the tragic flyover collapse in varanasi, the high-profile lok sabha constituency of prime minister narendramodi , has posed a big question mark on the standard of works carried out by the up bridge corporation in the recent past.
;;-0.8176;;(source: twitter)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday met the indian blind cricket team that defeated arch-rivals pakistan to lift the blind twenty20 world cup earlier in february.
;;0.0;;indian prime minister narendramodi speaks at the st. petersburg international economic forum in st. petersburg, russia, friday, june 2, 2017.
;;0.0;;ap/pti indian prime minister narendramodi speaks at the st. petersburg international economic forum in st. petersburg, russia, friday, june 2, 2017.
;;-0.9432;;ap/ptidescribing terrorism as a global menace, prime minister narendramodi today urged the world community to block funding, weapons and communication modes of terrorists, in an apparent reference to pakistans support for kashmiri militants.
;;0.1901;;watch video: china ready for consensus on nsg but opposes ban on jem chiefasked if any progress on the issue of indias admission into nsg can be expected in the meeting between xi and prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the brics summit, li said nsg rules stipulate consensus among the members to admit new ones.
;;0.4019;;after chief minister amarinder singhs recent meetings with prime minister narendramodi and union finance minister arun jaitley, in which the cm took up the issue of rs 31,000 crore, the governments statements to the media explained the amount in two components: rs 12,500 crore as ccl legacy gap and rs 18,500 as interest imposed on it.
;;-0.8442;;(source: pti photo)the passport of rape accused up minister gayatri prajapati was impounded today and a look-out notice was issued against him, hours after prime minister narendramodi accused the sp and congress of chanting gayatri prajapati mantra.
;;0.6249;;after president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and the three defence chiefs arrived at the venue, the trademark bugle call  a regular beginning to honour music for a distinguished gathering- was made.
;;0.5859;;he said prime minister narendramodi in the all party meeting made it clear that the pakistan occupied kashmir (pok) is an integral part of india and the pakistan government and its army is engaged in wide spread human rights violation in these areas.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday arrived in france on the first leg of his three-nation tour during which he will have a summit interaction with president emmanuel macron to further boost the bilateral comprehensive strategic partnership.
;;-0.6597;;in yet another jibe at prime minister narendramodi over the howdy modi event in houston, congress leader rahul gandhi friday referred to it as a jamboree and said no one can hide the reality of the economic mess howdymodi has driven india into.
;;0.1779;;(source: bcci)prime minister narendramodi on sunday congratulated the indian blind cricket team for winning the twenty20 world cup in bengaluru.
;;0.8834;;malik won a silver medal in the womens shot put event at the paralympics and was felicitated by prime minister narendramodi at a function held at gurugram in november last year with a cash award of rs. 4 crore.
;;-0.6597;;the question of whether achhe din, the 2014 war cry of prime minister narendramodi , have indeed arrived, is better addressed to the poor who are beneficiaries of the governments schemes, he said.
;;-0.4019;;the announcement comes days after prime minister narendramodi decided to skip the summit and amid heightened tensions between india and pakistan.
;;-0.4019;;(file photo) the announcement comes days after prime minister narendramodi decided to skip the summit and amid heightened tensions between india and pakistan.
;;-0.4019;;the announcement comes days after prime minister narendramodi decided to skip the summit and amid heightened tensions between india and pakistan.
;;-0.4588;;in his post, shah took on congress chief rahul gandhi who had attacked prime minister narendramodi during a public address earlier.
;;0.6705;;state congress president arjun modhwadia has challenged chief minister narendramodi to oppose the food bill on behalf of his party at the national and state levels,if he had the courage to do so.
;;-0.128;;on the question of modis demand that cms should have been consulted before the bill was given a final shape,modhwadia said that it was an old habit of narendramodi to misguide the public.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi along with samajwadi party founder mulayam singh yadav and former uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav at bjp government swearring in ceremony at smriti upavan in lucknow on sunday.
;;0.4019;;(express photo by vishal srivastav ) prime minister narendramodi along with samajwadi party founder mulayam singh yadav and former uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav at bjp government swearring in ceremony at smriti upavan in lucknow on sunday.
;;0.3182;;after the the nearly 90-minute event at kanshiram smriti upvan, the father-son duo moved towards prime minister narendramodi and were seen exchanging pleasantries.
;;-0.8745;;b'revisiting the gujarat riots on its tenth anniversary,bjp leader arun jaitley on tuesday said many people were misled into a retaliatory action after the godhra train attack but he did not share the view that chief minister narendramodi failed to act.
;;0.2975;;the air quality in varanasi, prime minister narendramodi modis lok sabha constituency, is ranked third on the whos list of 15 most polluted cities and the situation is deteriorating as its mp has focused on beautification and infrastructure, a delhi-based environment body claimed.
;;-0.3612;;b'amid the raging debate over bjps prime ministerial candidate,madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan today hailed l k advani as partys tallest leader,thereby leaving unsaid where that leaves gujarat chief minister narendramodi in the leadership race.
;;0.5994;;his comments came a day after bihar chief minister nitish kumar,the top leader of bjp ally jd(u),objected to the projection of gujarat chief minister narendramodi as ndas prime ministerial candidate and senior bjp leader yashwant sinha favouring advani for the top post.
;;0.4019;;full text: pm narendramodi modis 2019 independence day speechreferring to the abrogation of j&ks special status under article 370, modi said the move has ushered in the idea of one nation, one constitution.
;;-0.2748;;on a five-day visit, bhandari will hold talks with president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi , exploring ways to expand cooperation between the two close neighbours whose ties were slightly strained following the agitation by the madhesi community last year.
;;0.4939;;the leader has urged prime minister narendramodi to do everything possible in order to save jadhavs life.
;;0.4939;;so thats why im requesting prime minister narendramodi and rest of the indian leaders to save the life of kulbhushan jadhav.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi had called the chabahar port the golden gateway to access landlocked afghanistan and central asian region.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had called the chabahar port the golden gateway to access landlocked afghanistan and central asian region.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi has asked all bjp mps to undertake a 150-km padayatra (march) in their constituencies between october 2 and 31 in an effort to make celebrations of mahatma gandhis 150th birth anniversary an opportunity to reach out to villages and semi-urban areas.
;;-0.807;;in the wake of the election commission clearing prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah in several complaints of violation of the model code of conduct, congress president rahul gandhi on saturday called the poll panel completely biased against the opposition.
;;-0.296;;the working style of narendramodi , the bjp and the rss is to put institutions under pressure.
;;-0.1531;;(source: pti)union minister m venkaiah naidu today alleged that congress wanted to implicate the then gujarat chief minister narendramodi and harass present party president amit shah in the ishrat jahan encounter case, and said the party should openly regret its actions.
;;0.0772;;traffic snarls are likely to be experienced in the city on friday as prime minister narendramodi visits the city for a number of programmes.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with cm of jammu and kashmir mehbooba mufti at a meeting in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi with cm of jammu and kashmir mehbooba mufti at a meeting in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;pti photomeeting prime minister narendramodi for the first time after nearly two months of unrest in the valley, jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti saturday sought a credible institutional mechanism to start talks with the people of kashmir.
;;0.836;;in first remarks after prime minister narendramodi modis strong disapproval of the conduct of his son akash vijayvargiya, bjp mla from indore who assaulted a municipal officer with a cricket bat, party general secretary kailash vijayvargiya thursday said the bjp should initiate action against his son because the party is everything and modi is their supreme leader.
;;-0.4019;;the decision came at a time when jd(u),which is the senior partner in bihar government,has strained relations with bjp and has indicated that it will break ties if its nda partner names gujarat chief minister narendramodi as the prime ministerial candidate for next lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;b'the spokesman was responding to a question on the eighth brics summit being hosted by prime minister narendramodi in goa.
;;0.0;;the spokesman was responding to a question on the eighth brics summit being hosted by prime minister narendramodi in goa.
;;0.0;;the spokesman was responding to a question on the eighth brics summit being hosted by prime minister narendramodi in goa.
;;0.1531;;ahead of the summit, prime minister narendramodi on friday said he was looking forward to building bridges to new partnerships and finding common resolve and solutions to entrenched problems of the region.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and his australian counterpart malcolm turnbull.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi and his australian counterpart malcolm turnbull.
;;0.4767;;(file photo)australian prime minister malcolm turnbull on tuesday made a telephone call to prime minister narendramodi during which the indian leader conveyed to him new delhis concerns over the impact of canberras recent decision to abolish a popular work visa used by a large number of indians.
;;-0.8834;;(express photo by gajendra yadav)congress president rahul gandhi led a midnight candlelight march on thursday against the kathua and unnao rape incidents as a number of student and women organisations protested in delhi over the silence maintained by prime minister narendramodi over the horrific crimes.
;;-0.9231;;(express photo by gajendra yadav)delhi commission for women chief swati maliwal on thursday wrote to prime minister narendramodi , expressing concern over the increasing cases of sexual violence against women, and said she would go on an indefinite hunger strike at the raj ghat from friday to protest against the unnao and kathua rape incidents.
;;-0.765;;police inaction and the silence or delayed response of political leaders, from prime minister narendramodi to jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti and uttar pradeshs yogi adityanath, has intensified the anger further.
;;-0.6705;;the former cm took on prime minister narendramodi and alleged that he has politicised and exploited the recent surgical strikes along the line of control with pakistan.
;;0.7906;;b'prime minister narendramodi (source: pti/file) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti/file)prime minister narendramodi modis recent visit to sri lanka was a grand success and enabled both countries to finalise a number of projects, including the trincomalee port project, a minister here said.
;;0.0;;last month, banerjee was also among those who skipped niti aayogs governing council which includes states chief ministers as its members meeting with prime minister narendramodi here.
;;-0.3919;;bangladeshi pm sheikh hasina and prime minister narendramodi (source: pmo/twitter) bangladeshi pm sheikh hasina and prime minister narendramodi (source: pmo/twitter)india and bangladesh today resolved to step up anti-terror cooperation with prime minister narendramodi terming spread of radicalism as a grave threat, not only to the two countries but to the entire region.
;;0.7269;;when prime minister narendramodi met chief ministers of several states at the niti aayogs governing council meet in the capital on sunday, the conversation ranged from the gst, which the pm called a great illustration of cooperative federalism, to a 15-year vision document, a seven-year national development agenda and a three-year action plan to transform india.
;;-0.7494;;(file)upa chairperson sonia gandhi and former prime minister manmohan singh on sunday targeted prime minister narendramodi and his government, accusing them of betraying the people by not fulfilling the promises made to them.
;;0.1779;;the border standoff was resolved only in august end, just ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to xiamen in china for the brics summit in october.
;;0.8225;;gujrat chief minister narendramodi today took the celebration of the supreme court order on zakia jafris plea one step further,announcing that he would undertake a three-day fast to strengthen gujarats environment of peace,unity and harmony as part of a sadbhavana mission.
;;0.5859;;if lost buffaloes can be tracked down, why not gayatri prajapati, asks pm modi in jaunpuramid lusty slogans and enthusiastic flag-waving supporters, prime minister narendramodi modis cavalcade passed through the narrow lanes of varanasi before he offered prayers at kashi vishwanath and kal bhairav temples.
;;0.0;;(source: file)prime minister narendramodi will distribute 500 traditional wooden charkhas (spinning wheel) to women spinners belonging to the five khadi local institutions in ludhiana on october 18.
;;0.0;;the congress said the governments stand has established prime minister narendramodi had an underhand deal with his italian counterpart.
;;0.296;;it reaffirms and establishes prima facie the allegations that prime minister narendramodi cut an underhand deal to malign the congress leadership in lieu of letting the marines go scot free, congress communication department head randeep surjewala said.
;;0.6705;;(pti photo)congress vice-president rahul gandhi on friday asked people of assam to ask prime minister narendramodi how many jobs he created since he took over, and why he had kept state chief minister tarun gogoi in the dark while signing the naga peace accord.
;;-0.6369;;asking the people of assam to reject the bjp and once again elect the congress, rahul gandhi also ridiculed narendramodi and the bjp for its achche din slogan.
;;0.1531;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on sunday flagged the threat of sea-borne terror and piracy as two key challenges to maritime security even as he pitched for respecting freedom of navigation against the backdrop of south china sea dispute.
;;0.7717;;his remarks came a day after prime minister narendramodi made a strong pitch against the divisive issue of triple talaq, insisting that exploitation of muslim women should end and justice be done to them.
;;0.8519;;in his first interaction with party leaders in up,bjp general secretary amit shah on wednesday projected gujarat chief minister narendramodi as vikas purush and focused on the need to strengthen the party organisation in the state.
;;0.0;;ptibraving the heat, thousands of people, including schoolchildren, thronged the lion english school and waited for nearly five hours to catch a glimpse of prime minister narendramodi in silvassa on monday.
;;0.6705;;pm modi fit india movement 2019 launch live updates: prime minister narendramodi launched fit india movement on thursday.
;;0.3818;;a group of secretaries (gos) onfarmer centric issues in agriculture and allied sectors  one of the eight constituted to deliberate on important themes following a meeting called by prime minister narendramodi on december 31  has recommended promotion and time-bound deregulation in the case of two transgenic insect pest-resistant pulses.
;;0.0;;asked about the expected meeting between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the g20 summit to held in hangzhou city from sept 4-5, she said, we look forward to prime minister modis attendance at the g20 summit.
;;0.5023;;leaders from narendramodi to arvind kejriwal have been asserting their presence on social media platforms in a big way, but a few others like sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi are not there.
;;0.7506;;step aheadwith the bjp celebrating the ongoing week as seva saptah (service week) to mark the birthday of prime minister narendramodi , which falls on september 17 with senior ministers taking part in cleanliness drive and distributing fruits, the up unit of the party has decided to go a step ahead and put an exhibition on the life of modi.
;;0.2023;;(source: file/pti)prime minister narendramodi on sunday said ekta (unity) and mamata (love) are the basic mantras for addressing the kashmir problem even as he slammed those pushing children to create unrest, saying they will have to give answers to those innocent kids some day.
;;0.7096;;we are hopeful that prime minister narendramodi will ensure that construction begins during his term.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to take part in the sco summit to be held in the chinese city of qingdao in june.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with french president emmanuel macron before their meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(express photo/amit mehra) prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with french president emmanuel macron before their meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;for example, climate change has emerged  and rightfully so  as a new cornerstone of the relationship between prime minister narendramodi and president macron.
;;0.8176;;he also took a dig at prime minister narendramodi , asking whether the dalit icons dreams would be fulfilled by merely garlanding his portraits and said there was no freedom of speech in the country.
;;0.2023;;bihar chief minister nitish kumar (pti/ file photo) bihar chief minister nitish kumar (pti/ file photo)in a politically significant development, the nitish kumar-led janata dal (united) and the ncp headed by sharad pawar, today forged an alliance to take on the ruling bjp in prime minister narendramodi modis home state, going to polls later this year.
;;0.5267;;as per tyagi, the key purpose of the front is not to remove narendramodi , but to remind him of his unkept electoral promises.
;;0.0;;a source said the two ministers informed advani the panel had started talks with other leaders as directed by prime minister narendramodi and shah, but did not refer to any likely candidates.
;;-0.0258;;amazons ceo jeff bezos, who has met prime minister narendramodi at least twice in the last two-and-a-half years  in october 2014 and june 2016, had announced $ 3 billion investment in india during his 2016 visit.
;;0.7269;;i like many others had voted for prime minister narendramodi and i believe that his government and the state government can bring about some positive changes.
;;0.0;;my family is indebted to him for taking up the issue with the mea and prime minister narendramodi , he added.
;;0.0;;last august, a team of union ministers  rajnath singh, arun jaitley, manohar parrikar, nitin gadkari and ravi shankar prasad  was constituted on the direction of prime minister narendramodi to deliberate on the idea.
;;-0.128;;representational image/ pti photo representational image/ pti photothe congress has strongly criticised the detention of its party leaders and workers in surat and botad during the prime minister narendramodi modis visit to gujarat.
;;0.34;;recently, during a debate in the lower house, members from several parties, after taking objection to the farm loan waiver promised by prime minister narendramodi during campaigning in up, had demanded that the government waive loans of farmers across the country to bring down the number of suicides.
;;0.25;;chief minister narendramodi took a dig at the centre over the seizure of indian fishermens boats by pakistan and claimed that the country had lost confidence in the government.
;;-0.5267;;b'at a press conference in ahmedabad, hardik said that such statements by bjp leaders are nothing but to pre-empt any disturbance by patidar youths during the upcoming visit of prime minister narendramodi to gujarat on may 23.
;;-0.5267;;at a press conference in ahmedabad, hardik said that such statements by bjp leaders are nothing but to pre-empt any disturbance by patidar youths during the upcoming visit of prime minister narendramodi to gujarat on may 23.
;;-0.5267;;at a press conference in ahmedabad, hardik said that such statements by bjp leaders are nothing but to pre-empt any disturbance by patidar youths during the upcoming visit of prime minister narendramodi to gujarat on may 23.
;;-0.1531;;the move, officials said, follows intervention by prime minister narendramodi , who observed that restrictive conditions in government tenders were leading to unreasonable exclusion of domestic suppliers.
;;-0.1027;;delhi chief minister and aam aadmi party convener arvind kejriwal on sunday continued his attack on central government and prime minister narendramodi during a live interaction session talktoak.
;;0.5267;;he said that while the central government had deposited rs 735 crore of its share with the agriculture insurance company for payment to farmers,the state government led by chief minister narendramodi had not deposited its share with the company.
;;0.775;;the silence of bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi over the sc judgement on section 377 was also questioned but goyal said he does not have to comment on every sc decision and the party has already make its stand clear.
;;0.2732;;(source: express)prime minister narendramodi on saturday greeted chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh on his birth 64th birthday.
;;0.7096;;addressing the third of about 100 such meetings planned across the country, union minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said, prime minister narendramodi is committed to your security, the security of the border.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi expressed grief over bhatts demise.
;;-0.0258;;dal not dullanticipating that prime minister narendramodi would have questions on pulses, especially in wake of dal shortage becoming an election issue in bihar, agriculture minister radha mohan singh had prepared a presentation on steps taken by his ministry to address the issue.
;;0.5574;;considering its popularity, an initiative to establish yoga college was launched during the visit of prime minister narendramodi to china last year.
;;0.0;;on monday, during the meeting with khan, trump had also claimed that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on kashmir.
;;0.1027;;b'prime minister narendramodi headed union cabinet cleared revised cost estimate of rs 3,727.
;;0.1027;;(source: express photo) prime minister narendramodi headed union cabinet cleared revised cost estimate of rs 3,727.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi has approved the revised cost estimate of rs 3,727.
;;-0.3182;;(file photo)exhorting bjp workers to ensure the partys victory on at least 150 out of the 182 seats in the upcoming assembly elections, its national president amit shah on wednesday said under the leadership of narendramodi , the victory procession of the bjp is coming to gujarat in november.
;;0.0;;under the leadership of narendramodi , the victory procession of the bjp is coming to gujarat in november and will move on to odisha, shah said.
;;0.5719;;when narendramodi was chief minister, the bjp had won 128 seats (in 2002 elections).
;;0.6249;;the party, under prime minister narendramodi and amit shah, has been making a determined bid to wrest amethi from rahul gandhi.
;;0.6124;;watch videowe urge members of congress to press the united states to prioritise these vital issues with indias government, and to raise them directly in interactions with the indian government, in the months and years ahead, sifton said during the tuesday hearing, held soon after prime minister narendramodi met us president barack obama at the white house.
;;0.34;;a delegation of american lawmakers and businessmen thursday invited gujarat chief minister narendramodi to visit the us and said they would take up the issue of giving him a visa to make the trip with their administration.
;;0.5423;;adopting a measured tone towards beijing in a tv interview last week, prime minister narendramodi noted the complex nature of indias bilateral relationship with china and underlined the importance of accommodating each others interests, concerns and priorities.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)after inaugurating the chenani-nashri tunnel on jammu-srinagar national highway, the longest in the country, prime minister narendramodi hit out at stone pelters in kashmir saying that while some misguided youngsters in the valley are busy throwing stones, others from the region are trying to change the future of the state by using the same stone to build infrastructure.
;;0.5859;;we want to involve the youth: pm modi5: 59 pm: prime minister narendramodi pays tribute to former pm atal bihari vajpayee, says whenever i come to jammu and kashmir, it is natural to remember the vision and work of atal ji.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with punjab chief minister parkash singh badal, haryana cm manohar lal khattar in chandigarh.
;;0.6199;;(source: pti photo)despite repeated appeals from the punjab government to name the new airport terminal in chandigarh after freedom fighter bhagat singh, the request was not granted even as prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the international terminal friday.
;;-0.296;;with the bjp announcing that it will open its delhi assembly poll campaign on the birthday of its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi on tuesday,a prominent sikh group,backed by the ruling congress,on sunday targeted the bjp and a delhi minister urged the community to ensure the defeat of the bjp and its ally,the sad led by the badals.
;;0.0;;when pointed out that bjp has elected trivendra singh rawat, a rss pracharak, as chief minister of uttarakhand, he said prime minister narendramodi is also an rss man.
;;-0.8442;;verma said there can be no comparison between gujarat chief minister narendramodi and advani for the post of prime minister because both are guilty of violence against muslims.
;;0.0;;b'an opposition delegation from jammu and kashmir during a meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) an opposition delegation from jammu and kashmir during a meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;b'union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi offers chadar at ajmer sharif on behalf of prime minister narendramodi to the dargah of sufi saint khwaja moinuddin chisti on monday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi offers chadar at ajmer sharif on behalf of prime minister narendramodi to the dargah of sufi saint khwaja moinuddin chisti on monday.
;;0.4019;;(pti photo)peace, unity and harmony are at the core of various philosophies in the country, prime minister narendramodi said in a message today as a chadar was offered on his behalf at sufi saint hazrat khwaja moinuddin chishtis shrine at ajmer sharif.
;;0.0;;sources said, this comes as the pac on friday refuted the statement given by its own committee chairperson kv thomas, over summoning prime minister narendramodi before the parliamentary panel over the issue of demonetisation.
;;0.6908;;(photo: oinam anand/representational)the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday approved a set of relief measures, involving a total amount of about rs 7,000 crore, in an attempt to reduce stress on the sugar industry and clear dues of sugarcane farmers.
;;-0.25;;(express photo: arul horizon)on a day when bjp mps, including prime minister narendramodi , were holding a one-day fast across the country to protest the washout of parliaments budget session, two bjp mlas  bala bhegade and bhimrao tapkir  were seen having food at a meeting of legislators called by guardian minister girish bapat in pune on thursday.
;;-0.128;;udit raj said that he will meet prime minister narendramodi to demand for application of reservation in lateral entry in the bureaucracy, which the government is considering by filling up 10 posts of joint secretary-level officers with people from private institutions.
;;0.0644;;he claimed that the narendramodi government has launched several programmes for dalits but officers did not execute and communicate these programmes properly at the ground level.
;;0.0;;wuhan, china: prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping inside a houseboat, in wuhans east lake, china on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) wuhan, china: prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping inside a houseboat, in wuhans east lake, china on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi modis two-day visit to china for an informal summit with president xi jinping has been termed by chinese media as the beginning of a new chapter in sino-india relations.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin are likely to focus on pressing global and regional issues, including impact of the us withdrawal from the iran nuclear deal, during their informal summit in the russian city of sochi on monday.
;;0.0;;incumbent tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam with prime minister incumbent tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam with prime minister narendramodi , as v sasikala looks on, standing beside the mortal remains of j jayalalithaa in rajaji hall, chennai.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi modis recent participation in two important regional forums  the shanghai cooperation organisation in qingdao and the shangri la dialogue in singapore  has shone a light on indias new diplomatic possibilities as well as challenges.
;;0.0;;harshvardhan is travelling with prime minister narendramodi on his trip to europe.
;;0.128;;the national led programme was launched by prime minister narendramodi in january 2015.
;;0.8316;;summon courageprime minister narendramodi won a huge popular mandate in 2014.
;;-0.3612;;co/bqtvtmbto2  arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) may 31, 2018the aam aadmi party national convener has been a constant critic of prime minister narendramodi and his governments policies but pulled no punches in the past in his statements about singh.
;;0.25;;the nia under prime minister narendramodi has become a namo investigation authority, aimed at giving clean chits to bjp/rss-affiliated leaders in criminal cases, congress communication department head randeep surjewala told the indian express.
;;0.0;;he talked about the digital india campaign initiated by prime minister narendramodi , and elaborated on the pgis efforts to make information system of the institute more and more patient-friendly.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi too had said in his campaign speeches that writing off farm loans would be among the foremost tasks of the bjp government in uttar pradesh.
;;0.836;;she was relaxed and fairly honest: asked about giving advice to prime minister narendramodi , she was taken aback: i wouldnt dare advise him.
;;-0.4767;;on thursday, panneerselvam had met prime minister narendramodi urging the centre to pass an ordinance, however the prime minister expressed helplessness saying the issue was sub-judice.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi with m venkaiah naidu.
;;0.0;;pti photo pm narendramodi with m venkaiah naidu.
;;0.7783;;pti photojubilant over the bjps astounding electoral victory in assam, union urban development minister m venkaiah naidu has said prime minister narendramodi is a gods gift to india and he is committed to developing it further.
;;0.4215;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday conveyed to his australian counterpart malcolm turnbull indias concerns about the impact of the recent decision to abolish a popular work visa used by a majority of indians.
;;0.8402;;whoever is committed to the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah are welcome to join us.
;;-0.5106;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on tuesday appealed to the people of karnataka and tamil nadu to display sensitivity and keep in mind their civic responsibilities while urging for solutions to the conflict arising out of the cauvery water dispute.
;;-0.891;;accusing prime minister narendramodi and his top ministerial colleagues of exacerbating the crisis in jammu and kashmir, congress leader p chidambaram on wednesday said the state was sliding into total chaos and asked the ruling pdp to join hands with the opposition to find a way to end the violence.
;;0.7351;;his appointment was approved for a period of 2 years by a three-member selection panel headed by prime minister narendramodi and comprising chief justice of india jagdish singh khehar and congress leader in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge as members.
;;-0.3632;;his remarks came two days after prime minister narendramodi said india has never attacked any country, nor has it been hungry for any territory but made supreme sacrifice fighting for others, referring to the two world wars.
;;0.8979;;just like prime minister narendramodi spoke about creating a new india, i am sure when the deliberations of this summit of scholars gets documented it will help lay the foundation of a new haryana and add to its prestige in the country, he said at the concluding ceremony of the festival.
;;0.0;;b'afghan president ashraf ghani (l) and prime minister narendramodi pose for the media outside hyderabad house in delhi, on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: reuters) afghan president ashraf ghani (l) and prime minister narendramodi pose for the media outside hyderabad house in delhi, on wednesday.
;;-0.5994;;today, when afghanistans president muhammad ashraf ghani lunched with prime minister narendramodi , the two leaders discussions centred on devising a strategy to roll back the talibans perpetual-motion war machine, paid for by narcotics, driven by a toxic ideology, and powered by pakistans military.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, prime minister narendramodi took to twitter and wished him on the occasion.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi addressing the indian community in brussels on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: ap) prime minister narendramodi addressing the indian community in brussels on wednesday.
;;0.1154;;(source: ap)the visit of prime minister narendramodi to brussels was brief but intense and the india-eu summit meeting, on march 30, with presidents donald tusk of the european council and jean-claude juncker of the european commission, was enormously productive.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi pm narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on saturday paid tribute to right-wing ideologue vd savarkar on his 133 birth anniversary.
;;0.8271;;the poors faith in prime minister narendramodi has increased after november 8, pradhan said, referring to the day the demonetisation decision was taken and the partys win in local elections in several places, including madhya pradesh, gujarat, chandigarh and maharashtra, held afterwards.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)hours after the union cabinet decided to do away with red beacons on top of officials cars, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said, every indian is special.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi in a meeting with crown prince of abu dhabi mohammed bin zayed al nahyan.
;;0.0;;(pib photo) pm narendramodi in a meeting with crown prince of abu dhabi mohammed bin zayed al nahyan.
;;0.8316;;(pib photo)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday thanked abu dhabi crown prince mohammed bin zayed al nahyan for his countrys continued support to india, saying the two leaders have agreed to sustain the momentum of its relations in key areas, including energy and investments.
;;-0.743;;speaking at a joint press conference, prime minister narendramodi said he discussed trade, terrorism, islamic radicalisation as well as threats in the region.
;;0.6808;;watch video: whats making newsthe event is part of the overall programme prepared by the government to celebrate the iyd which will be led by prime minister narendramodi at chandigarh on the same day.
;;-0.296;;b'many wondered why the art of living guru with a large international following was missing when prime minister narendramodi addressed the valedictory session.
;;-0.296;;(express photo by vikram joy) many wondered why the art of living guru with a large international following was missing when prime minister narendramodi addressed the valedictory session.
;;-0.296;;many wondered why the art of living guru with a large international following was missing when prime minister narendramodi addressed the valedictory session.
;;0.0;;hanif malekpaas convener hardik patel on thursday said that he wished to meet prime minister narendramodi during his visit to surat on april 16-17 to make representations on the issue of reservation for the patidar community.
;;0.0;;b'german chancellor angela merkel listens to prime minister narendramodi during their meeting in berlin, germany april 20, 2018.
;;0.0;;reuters/axel schmidt german chancellor angela merkel listens to prime minister narendramodi during their meeting in berlin, germany april 20, 2018.
;;0.0;;it was included in the 51-point simhastha declaration released by prime minister narendramodi on the last day.
;;0.6808;;watch video | panneerselvam plans to convert jayalalithaas poes garden residence into amma memorialhe also succeeded in getting approved some schemes from the centre by meeting prime minister narendramodi , he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has set a september-end deadline for all states to complete the procedure.
;;0.743;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , mohamed bin zayed expressed thanks for the kind invitation to attend indias republic day celebrations.
;;0.743;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , mohamed bin zayed expressed thanks for the kind invitation to attend indias republic day celebrations.
;;0.743;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , mohamed bin zayed expressed thanks for the kind invitation to attend indias republic day celebrations.
;;0.4215;;claiming that the three-day sadbhavana mission fast of chief minister narendramodi was not a public function but a personal one,an ahmedabad-based voluntary organisation on monday filed a public interest litigation before the gujarat high court.
;;-0.6249;;the bjp leaders statement came after kumar yesterday drew the attention of prime minister narendramodi blaming the floods in bihar to silt deposition in the ganga river due to farraka dam and demanded removal of the barrage.
;;0.8591;;(express photo by praveen jain)in what can be perceived to be a significant attempt to revive the friendly ties between india and its himalayan neighbour, prime minister narendramodi and his nepalese counterpart kp sharma oli on saturday engaged in talks ranging from national defence, trade, agriculture and connectivity.
;;0.5106;;b'indias strong response at the unhrc follows prime minister narendramodi modis statements at the all-party meeting and the independence day last month.
;;0.5106;;indias strong response at the unhrc follows prime minister narendramodi modis statements at the all-party meeting and the independence day last month.
;;0.5106;;indias strong response at the unhrc follows prime minister narendramodi modis statements at the all-party meeting and the independence day last month.
;;0.0;;from issuing fatwas against prime minister narendramodi to state bjp president dilip ghosh, to making objectionable statements against rss, barkati had hogged the limelight for years in the state.
;;0.0;;a day later, he had claimed that he would not remove the red beacon even if prime minister narendramodi asked him to.
;;-0.5267;;meanwhile, rjd leaders attacked prime minister narendramodi and chief minister nitish kumar, alleging that it was a malicious exercise and wondered if it was a coincidence that their leader had been questioned by the cbi when the prime minister was visiting the state.
;;0.0516;;let narendramodi and nitish kumar remember that the more they will try to repress us, the stronger will we emerge, rjd vice-president shivanand tiwary said.
;;0.0;;prasads elder son tej pratap yadavs marriage is also on the cards, he said, adding, it is not a mere coincidence that the development has taken place on a day when narendramodi is on a tour of bihar.
;;0.7906;;the cabinet, headed by prime minister narendramodi , also approved a rs 1,300 crore interest subversion on the loan to be provided for creating new ethanol production capacity as also expanding the existing one, sources said.
;;0.4588;;pavan khengreprime minister narendramodi on sunday took to twitter to pay tributes to maratha icon chhatrapati shivaji on his birth anniversary, hailing him as an ideal ruler.
;;0.1603;;on poll results, akhilesh said sp did not lose against bjp but against prime minister narendramodi and rss.
;;0.0258;;adhir ranjan choudhary calls pm modi very big salesmancongress leader of opposition in lok sabha adhir ranjan chowdhury said the bjp returned to power as prime minister narendramodi was a very big salesman and congress failed to gain ground in the 2019 general election as it could not market its products.
;;0.4939;;on monday, at an all-party meeting convened by the ruling-nda, prime minister narendramodi reached out to the opposition parties in an effort to prevent another washout of the house proceeding.
;;-0.5859;;saeed blamed the growing bonhomie between us president donald trump and prime minister narendramodi for his house arrest.
;;0.4215;;mahagujarat janata party (mjp) president gordhan zadafia has urged chief minister narendramodi and bjp leaders to move the supreme court and demand setting up a special investigation team (sit) to reinvestigate in the murder of former minister haren pandya.
;;0.6369;;b'pranab mukherjee would have been a better choice for the post of prime minister but the congress chose manmohan singh as night watchman as it was worried that his success could affect the future of gandhi family,gujarat chief minister narendramodi suggested today.
;;-0.4215;;sonia gandhi has been out of action much of the time after having taken ill during a roadshow in varanasi, prime minister narendramodi modis constituency, on august 2.
;;-0.5267;;the complaint has been lodged in connection with a case whereby bhatt is accused of forcing a police constable,k d panth,to sign an affidavit corroborating his presence at an alleged meeting called by chief minister narendramodi on february 27,2002.
;;0.0;;but contrary to this,manual scavenging is passed off as spiritual experience by high and mighty, gurjar said referring to karmayogi,a book written by chief minister narendramodi in 2007,which was published by the state information department.
;;0.34;;a day after steering bjp to a second straight term with a record tally of 303 seats, prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah made their first pit stop at the residences of party veterans lk advani and murli manohar joshi  who were benched in the lok sabha elections.
;;0.128;;in january, the supreme court had rejected a plea for a court-monitored sit probe into bribery allegations against prime minister narendramodi on the basis of documents seized during the raids in business houses sahara and birla on the ground they had no evidentiary value.
;;0.8074;;speaking to reporters after joining the bjp, krishna praised prime minister narendramodi and shah for taking the country to great heights.
;;0.8442;;i see a great india emerging under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and ably supported by the party president amit shah, he said.
;;0.6908;;accusing the previous congress regimes of gujarat of creating polity of the love of chair,chief minister narendramodi today said unlike them,his government was working for farmers welfare.
;;0.0;;this visit came days ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis meeting with chinese president xi jinping on june 23 when both leaders will attend the shanghai cooperation organisation leaders meeting in tashkent.
;;0.8176;;while reports surfaced that beijing would try its best to stop indias entry into the group, washington has already vouched its full support during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to united states last week.
;;-0.1779;;days after 49 eminent personalities wrote an open letter to prime minister narendramodi over the alleged rise in mob lynching incidents against minorities, a group of 61 personalities friday said they were astonished at the selective outrage and false narratives voiced in that letter.
;;-0.1027;;4 per cent of the roads damaged due to rains  nearly three-fold of the work done in earlier three months  to ready the city to host the india-japan annual summit, which was attended by prime minister narendramodi and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe on september 13-14.
;;-0.7906;;the former union agriculture minister also trained guns on prime minister narendramodi over the ongoing farm crisis and rising attacks against minorities.
;;-0.7906;;the former union agriculture minister also trained guns on prime minister narendramodi over the ongoing farm crisis and rising attacks against minorities.
;;-0.7906;;the former union agriculture minister also trained guns on prime minister narendramodi over the ongoing farm crisis and rising attacks against minorities.
;;-0.5994;;katiyar, who had then shared stage with hardik, had accused prime minister narendramodi and the bjp of exerting pressure on rlsp chief upendra kushwaha to expel him.
;;0.0;;the delhi chief ministers programme titled talk to ak apparently seems to have taken a leaf out of prime minister narendramodi modis monthly radio programme mann ki baat.
;;-0.7181;;he further described chief minister mamata banerjee and prime minister narendramodi as sides of the same coin who neither respect democratic values nor the promises they had made before elections.
;;0.8834;;special friendshipprime minister narendramodi modis special affection for us president barack obama is evident from the fact that he is ever eager for yet another meeting with the american president, whose term ends in january next year.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is preparing to mortgage indias symbol of independence, the red fort to corporates.
;;0.7906;;the bjp is pulling out all the stops to make its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis rally scheduled for december 22 a grand success,and in a strong message to congress is inviting as many as 10,000 tea vendors to attend the public meeting.
;;-0.5023;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shahs master stroke is not that they chose a dalit for the presidents office, but that through this seemingly political choice, they have brought the focus on contemporary dalit struggles in india.
;;-0.5574;;a distraught narsingh said he will approach prime minister narendramodi to fasten the process.
;;0.0;;5 crore,will be inaugurated by chief minister narendramodi on thursday evening.
;;-0.5574;;a day after an editorial in shiv sena mouthpiece saamana urged prime minister narendramodi to ban the burqa, lyricist javed akhtar thursday said the move should be accompanied with a similar action against the ghunghat system prevalent among women in rajasthan.
;;-0.3875;;all is not well for irrigationchief minister narendramodi may have been publicly projecting that all is well in irrigation and agriculture front despite water scarcity.
;;0.6597;;trinamool congress (tmc) chief mamata banerjee and her telugu desam party (tdp) counterpart n chandrababu naidu will skip the meeting called by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday with presidents of all political parties to discuss the subject of holding one nation one poll  or simultaneous elections to the lok sabha and state assemblies.
;;0.0;;it was after gandhis visit on monday evening that seniors bjp leaders including prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah made a beeline for aiims.
;;-0.4019;;the congress chief also took a potshot at narendramodi for ignoring its senior leaders.
;;0.0;;he pointed out that prime minister narendramodi had not visited jayalalithaa yet.
;;0.0;;this is the same year prime minister narendramodi , according to du, had got his degree.
;;0.0;;ms acharyulu is an information officer who, on december 21, had ordered inspection of du degree records of 1978, the year in which prime minister narendramodi , according to the university, had got his degree.
;;-0.0803;;following the delhi courts cognizance of the complaint, congress said if smriti irani didnt tender her resignation, prime minister narendramodi should remove her from the union cabinet.
;;0.0;;in september 2015, prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated the chandigarh international airport in mohali constructed at a cost of rs 1,400 crore.
;;0.0;;gujarat, which is prime minister narendramodi modis home state, has a regulatory law in force that prohibits the manufacture, purchase, sale, and transportation of liquor in the dry state.
;;0.3612;;watch video |earlier today, prime minister narendramodi extended his condolences to the kin of the deceased and assured that the railway ministry is closely monitoring the situation.
;;0.0;;at a recent meeting with prime minister narendramodi , delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal had said that he would examine the possibility of integrating the centres ayushman bharat programme with the delhi governments health scheme.
;;0.4215;;advertisingmost exit polls sunday forecast another term for prime minister narendramodi , with some of them projecting that bjp-led nda will get more than 300 seats to comfortably cross the majority mark of 272 in the lok sabha.
;;-0.25;;the boats have not been handed back since 2004 except for 57 boats which were released as a goodwill gesture after pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif visited delhi to take part in swearing in ceremony of prime minister narendramodi in 2014.
;;-0.8873;;in the last few years, sharif tried to improve bilateral ties with india, but terrorist attacks in pathankot  a week after his meeting with prime minister narendramodi in lahore  scuttled the dialogue process.
;;0.6124;;trump will join prime minister narendramodi of india at a rally sunday in houston and will appear alongside modi and prime minister shinzo abe of japan next week at the united nations general assembly meeting in new york.
;;0.4019;;from left to right: union home minister rajnath singh, prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and senior bjp leader l k advani during the bjp parliamentry party meeting at plb building at parliament house in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.4019;;pti photo by vijay verma from left to right: union home minister rajnath singh, prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and senior bjp leader l k advani during the bjp parliamentry party meeting at plb building at parliament house in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;according to thomas and sardesai, prime minister narendramodi said he had noted all the issues the leaders had raised.
;;0.0;;the letter, written on behalf of citizen speak india, was also signed by filmmaker aparna sen, who was among the 49 celebrities who had written an open letter to prime minister narendramodi on rising mob lynching cases in the country.
;;0.0;;the decision to issue the ordinance was taken on wednesday at a meeting of the union cabinet chaired by home minister rajnath singh in the absence of prime minister narendramodi , who is on an official visit abroad.
;;0.4767;;in remarks that angered new delhi and were quickly denied, us president donald trump monday said that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir, and if i can help, i would love to be the mediator between india and pakistan.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi on friday asserted his government will not let the law to prevent atrocities on scs and sts to be diluted.
;;0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi , who attended the conference, had suggested creating a webpage dedicated to martyrs day.
;;0.0;;b'the advisory comes at a time when prime minister narendramodi spoke out twice against vigilantism in the name of protecting cows.
;;0.0;;(file photo) the advisory comes at a time when prime minister narendramodi spoke out twice against vigilantism in the name of protecting cows.
;;0.0;;the advisory comes at a time when prime minister narendramodi spoke out twice against vigilantism in the name of protecting cows.
;;0.0;;the ministers communication said that people look up to prime minister narendramodi as a messiah.
;;0.8655;;the letter to cabinet ministers, who were assigned communication jobs for the three-year celebrations, begins with: nothing could perhaps be more gratifying for all of us than the recent electoral verdict of the people who reposed immense faith in the leadership of prime minister shri narendramodi and party president shri amit shah.
;;0.4019;;(source: pti)rahul gandhi on wednesday took a dig at prime minister narendramodi over his reported remarks that bjp needs to bring dalits into its fold as nationalists were already with the party, wondering whether he did not consider dalits and backwards as nationalists.
;;-0.4019;;on friday morning, sharma tagged prime minister narendramodi to a twitter post claiming that a bmc official had demanded a bribe of rs 5 lakh for the construction of his office.
;;0.0;;jaitley showed cbi documents to insist that the agency had aimed at implicating gujarat chief minister narendramodi through shah in 2010.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi interacted with over 200 pmrd fellows on monday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi interacted with over 200 pmrd fellows on monday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on monday pitched for peoples involvement to bring about a change in rural areas as he interacted with over 200 youths working in these areas under a national scheme.
;;0.4404;;claiming that the standard of services for passengers have not been up to the mark in the past, gohain said the present government headed by prime minister narendramodi is working towards achieving proper and good service to railway passengers and other customers.
;;-0.4767;;b'prime minister narendramodi earlier asked the people to beware of its fake protectors trying to divide society.
;;-0.4767;;(file) prime minister narendramodi earlier asked the people to beware of its fake protectors trying to divide society.
;;-0.4404;;watch video: whats making newsthe incident came just days after prime minister narendramodi sent out a hard-hitting message against attacks on dalits and cow vigilantism.
;;0.0;;the ncp chief also targeted prime minister narendramodi over the manner in which the latter conducted the lok sabha poll campaign.
;;-0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi and the chief ministers of the bjp-ruled states believe that no one can imagine the development of a state or the country unless the poor, the backward and tribals prosper.
;;-0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi had also accused opposition parties of denying backward castes their rights by blocking the bill.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi modis spectacular victory in the up vidhan sabha elections opened my minds eye to the significance of that number.
;;0.3612;;b'swachh bharat kosh has been set up to attract csr funds and contributions from individuals and philanthropists in response to the call given by prime minister narendramodi to achieve the objective of swachh bharat by 2019.
;;0.3612;;(source: pti) swachh bharat kosh has been set up to attract csr funds and contributions from individuals and philanthropists in response to the call given by prime minister narendramodi to achieve the objective of swachh bharat by 2019.
;;0.6369;;established in november 2014 under the finance ministry, sbk has been set up to attract csr funds and contributions from individuals and philanthropists in response to the call given by prime minister narendramodi on august 15, 2014 to achieve the objective of clean india (swachh bharat) by 2019.
;;0.2023;;b'tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaatamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa on saturday sought prime minister narendramodi modis urgent intervention for withdrawing a central committees recommendation for an environmental impact assessment study on a proposal of kerala government to build a dam across river siruvani at attappady.
;;-0.25;;rejecting the congresss allegations that mehta ran away from the country after non-payment of bank loans and that prime minister narendramodi was providing protection to him, union minister hardeep puri said at a press conference: the congresss allegations are nothing but logical absurdity.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with parkash singh badal in chandigarh.
;;-0.6486;;the chandigarh administration had landed in a soup after prime minister narendramodi tweeted expressing regret over the inconvenience faced by chandigarh residents during his visit to the city on friday.
;;0.0;;next, he is on his way to china, where he will accompany external affairs minister sushma swaraj, to lay the ground for prime minister narendramodi modis visit later this year.
;;0.4588;;b'pm narendramodi invited even individual citizens, with interest in sports, to write to him or the government.
;;0.4588;;(source: pti) pm narendramodi invited even individual citizens, with interest in sports, to write to him or the government.
;;0.7964;;(source: pti)just a week after the rio 2016 olympics got over, prime minister narendramodi , during his 35-minute mann ki baat programme hailed the girl power as he referred to medal winners  shuttler p v sindhu and wrestler sakshi malik.
;;0.7783;;(pti photo/file)prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the sanitation coverage in the country has increased from 38 per cent to nearly 80 per cent and asserted that the swachh bharat mission is playing a central role in creating a healthy india.
;;0.2263;;sinha also hailed the efforts of the prime minister narendramodi to get yoga the international recognition.
;;-0.128;;there were no references to atal bihari vajpayees insaniyat, jamhuriyat, kashmiriyat, a phrase whose spirit prime minister narendramodi himself invoked in 2017 and 2018.
;;0.8979;;prime minister narendramodi at vibrant gujarat summit prime minister narendramodi at vibrant gujarat summitinaugurating the vibrant gujarat global summit in gandhinagar, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said gujarat represents the business spirit of india.
;;-0.0387;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi regretted untouchability was increasing in politics,apparently alluding to the protest by cpi(m) and resentment by congress over his visit to sree narayana mutt at nearby sivagiri,political untouchability is increasing in society though this great evil had been eradicated in social life to a great extent by works of spiritual leaders and reformers, modi said inaugurating the golden jubilee of sree narayana dharma meemamsa parishad at sivagiri mutt at varkala,30 km from here.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi addressing the gathering at joint dedication of renovated stadium in jaffna, sri lanka through video conferencing in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi addressing the gathering at joint dedication of renovated stadium in jaffna, sri lanka through video conferencing in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.2023;;(pti photo)in a significant step towards rebuilding sri lanka, prime minister narendramodi and sri lankan president maithripala sirisena saturday jointly inaugurated the renovated duraiappah stadium in jaffna.
;;0.0;;tharoor,however,avoided commenting on whether there would be a direct contest between narendramodi and rahul gandhi for the prime ministers post in 2014.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi speaks from the rampart of the red fort on indias independence day, in new delhi, india, monday, aug.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/manish swarup) prime minister narendramodi speaks from the rampart of the red fort on indias independence day, in new delhi, india, monday, aug.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/manish swarup)prime minister narendramodi on monday addressed the nation from the ramparts of red fort in new delhi on indias 70th independence day.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday addressed over 10,000 aspiring innovators from the country through video conferencing at smart india hackathon.
;;0.1779;;b'prime minister narendramodi on friday announced a fast by bjp mps on april 12 to protest the impasse caused by the opposition party in parliament.
;;0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi on friday announced a fast by bjp mps on april 12 to protest the impasse caused by the opposition party in parliament.
;;-0.2732;;accusing the congress of taking parliamentary proceedings to a new low with its conduct, prime minister narendramodi on friday announced a fast by bjp mps on april 12 to protest the impasse caused by the opposition party in parliament, which saw a washout of the second half of the budget session.
;;0.5574;;the official word about it, from prime minister narendramodi himself, is that the government has begun a coordinated effort for indias entry into the nsg, that the process has begun on a positive note, and that everything has rules and will accordingly move forward.
;;0.128;;spearheading congress one-day nationwide fast, party chief rahul gandhi on monday accused prime minister narendramodi of being casteist and anti-dalit.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi condoled her demise and termed it a personal loss.
;;0.25;;the sitting anandpur sahib mp has centered his poll pitch around prime minister narendramodi , praising him for the surgical strikes, the anti-satellite missile test and for enormously increasing indias prestige globally.
;;0.4019;;he, however, remained non-committal on putting up a joint opposition candidate against prime minister narendramodi in varanasi, saying it is too early and it was up to political parties to decide.
;;0.0;;later, prime minister narendramodi congratulated amarinder on twitter.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with iranian president hassan rouhani during his visit to iran last year.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with iranian president hassan rouhani during his visit to iran last year.
;;0.7906;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on saturday congratulated iranian president hassan rouhani on his resounding re-election victory, insisting that india will continue to remain committed to strengthening its special relationship with iran.
;;0.765;;@hassanrouhani  narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 20, 2017the 68-year-old moderate cleric, who played an instrumental role in a 2015 nuclear deal with world powers, cruised to a second term after securing 57 per cent of votes in his favour in the presidential election, according to the countrys interior ministry.
;;0.6908;;gujarat public sector unit gujarat state petroleum corporation (gspc) and british gas (bg) group wednesday completed an agreement for the long-term sale of liquefied natural gas (lng) to gujarat in presence of chief minister narendramodi and uk foreign minister hugo swire,who led the trade delegation.
;;0.4588;;agreement,which has been seen as the uk further warming up to the narendramodi government after it had gone cold following 2002 riots,will assure lng supply to gujarat for 20 years.
;;0.4939;;the news went viral with chief minister narendramodi modis website and his facebook page also posting it as an agreement with british gas,instead of bg group.
;;0.6705;;bjp state president ashok parnami said the people have voted for the party and have expressed faith in the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister vasundhara raje.
;;0.0;;gujarat government led by the then chief minister narendramodi brought the act in force.
;;0.0;;while inducting four mps from rajasthan as ministers in the union cabinet, prime minister narendramodi has also dropped two mps from the state as ministers.
;;0.7096;;(source: twitter/@visrane)the goa government has pinned its hope on prime minister narendramodi to resolve the mining crisis in the state and is confident that he will find some solution for it, health minister vishwajit rane said on monday.
;;-0.9042;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday announced rs two lakh each as compensation for the next of the kin of the dead in kollam temple fire in which more than 80 people have been killed.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi has recently announced that he would appoint a high-powered committee to find a permanent solution for assams recurring flood problem.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi addressing a joint meeting of congress on capitol hill in washington on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi addressing a joint meeting of congress on capitol hill in washington on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi addressed us congress on wednesday.
;;-0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi expressed grief over the loss of lives and extended his condolences to the bereaved families.
;;0.2732;;meanwhile, lauding the ec for the decision, state bjp president devendra fadnavis said, narendramodi worked for a congress-free government at the centre, now ec is ensuring corruption-free elections.
;;0.2023;;following the latest development, top government sources said that chief minister palaniswami, who is leaving for delhi to attend the niti aayogs national meet, may be given an appointment with prime minister narendramodi on sunday.
;;-0.128;;latin american flavourwith prime minister narendramodi set to engage with the leaders of south american countries this week during his visit to brazil for the brics summit, south block is going the whole hog with its diplomacy towards the latin americans.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi addressing the nation from the ramparts of red fort.
;;0.0;;(file photo: pib) prime minister narendramodi addressing the nation from the ramparts of red fort.
;;0.6124;;leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad asked singh to urge prime minister narendramodi to convene a meeting of the presidents of all major national and regional parties, a view that was supported by derek obrien of the trinamool congress and d raja of the cpi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi congratulated macron, saying he looked forward to working with him.
;;0.2732;;before the lok sabha polls, prime minister narendramodi had in-principle agreed to implement all recommendations of the swaminathan committee report.
;;0.6369;;jadhav had recently asked bear grylls, an english adventurer, to impress upon prime minister narendramodi to intervene and prevent the car shed from coming up at aarey.
;;-0.2263;;(source: pti photo)the effects of the jallikattu protests in tamil nadu have now spilled over to delhi as tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam met prime minister narendramodi in the capital on thursday seeking an ordinance allowing the traditional bull-taming report.
;;0.7269;;stating that this years state budget shows the commitment of the government towards farming community, he said prime minister narendramodi modis vision of making the north east an organic hub would be soon realised since the practice will be intensively encouraged in the coming years.
;;-0.8271;;relatives of three alleged fake encounter victims demanded the arrest of chief minister narendramodi in a dharna organised at the income tax circle in ahmedabad on tuesday.
;;0.0258;;according to the excerpts,chief minister narendramodi had ordered to release rs 10 lakh from the ssf of the intelligence bureau to subvert the proceedings of a petition related to riots that was moved before the supreme court immediately after the riots.
;;0.5859;;he runs for the physical (test) with his friends, while i prepare for the ssc paper (staff selection commission exam), says alok as he takes out from his bag a copy of pratiyogita darpan, a magazine for competitive exams, the latest issue of which has prime minister narendramodi on its cover.
;;0.6808;;then people started realising that there must be something good in the whole exercise as they believed that prime minister narendramodi will always do the needful, naidu said in a party workers meeting here.
;;0.0;;his wife shweta had unsuccessfully contested assembly election as a congress party candidate against prime minister narendramodi from maninagar constituency in ahmedabad in 2012.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at the bjp headquarters on monday.
;;0.0;;(express photo: tashi tobgyal) prime minister narendramodi at the bjp headquarters on monday.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi took a bold decision to revamp the existing crop insurance scheme after two years of successive droughts in 2014-15 and 2015-16.
;;-0.3612;;(photo: twitter/@mkstalin)recalling similar black flag protests in which he took part in his younger days against then prime ministers jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi and how they faced those protests in a democratic manner, dmk working president m k stalin on thursday said prime minister narendramodi should have acted like a courageous leader instead of using a chopper for his short distance trips in chennai, fearing protests.
;;-0.25;;prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and the party leaders have maligned up deliberately in the entire assembly poll campaign calling it as a den of criminals.
;;0.4404;;watch what else is making newseven after multiple meetings with him and complaints to prime minister narendramodi , mr shetty only spoke in the builders favour and did not do anything to help us.
;;-0.0772;;b'bharatiya janata party today alleged bjd chief naveen patnaiks remarks against gujarat chief minister narendramodi was allegedly because of a deal with congress to escape possible cbi action in the state in the coal scam.
;;0.2023;;patel told mediapersons that he made the representation to chief minister narendramodi after he gathered substantial evidence against the private schools.
;;0.0;;last week, the ndas dalit mps met prime minister narendramodi and asked the government to file a review petition.
;;0.8176;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday extended his best wishes to abu dhabi crown prince mohammed bin zayed al nahyan for his countrys continued support to india.
;;-0.743;;twitter.com/asr5ixob1t  burj khalifa (@burjkhalifa) january 25, 2017speaking at a joint press conference, prime minister narendramodi said earlier in the day he discussed trade, terrorism, islamic radicalisation as well as threats in the region.
;;0.0;;in his only rally in tuensanf, prime minister narendramodi said if the ndpp-bjp alliance was voted to power, two engines of development, one from the state, and one from the centre would propel the state.
;;0.4767;;according to a party spokesperson, in the last two weeks, we reached taluka-wise to apprise people of the policies of prime minister narendramodi modis government at the centre and chief minister devendra fadnavis government in maharashtra.
;;0.6249;;zakia jafri,the widow of former congress mp ahsan jafri who was killed in the gulberg society massacre along with 68 others during the 2002 riots,filed a petition before a metropolitan court here monday challenging the closure report submitted by the supreme court-appointed special investigation team (sit) that gave a clean chit to chief minister narendramodi and 62 others.
;;0.6124;;amid a clamour for projecting chief minister narendramodi as bjps prime ministerial candidate,senior party leader uma bharti wednesday said the ability to pull crowds is not enough to qualify for the post.
;;0.0;;on hurriyat conference leader syed ahmed geelani claiming that two representatives of narendramodi had met him to discuss the kashmir issue, gadkari dismissed the claim and said geelani should reveal the identity of the individuals.
;;-0.1531;;the kashmir problem could be solved only when narendramodi becomes the prime minister.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (l) and azam kahn.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi (l) and azam kahn.
;;0.3612;;(file photo)hours after prime minister narendramodi appealed to the muslim community to find a proper solution for triple talaq, the samajwadi party criticized the former saying that he should also speak up on other issues which are being faced by the muslim women.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi earlier in the day appealed to the muslim community to find proper solution to end the controversial practice of triple talaq.
;;0.1027;;pm narendramodi reached paris on saturday.
;;0.1027;;(twitter/narendra modi) pm narendramodi reached paris on saturday.
;;0.1027;;(twitter/narendra modi)prime minister narendramodi on saturday reached france for the final leg of his four-nation tour of europe where he will meet newly-elected president emmanuel macron in paris.
;;0.1027;;twitter.com/m402kmdzc7  narendramodi (@narendramodi) june 2, 2017paris or no paris, our commitment to preserving the climate is for the sake of future generations, modi said while addressing the crowd in an event in russia.
;;-0.6369;;in fact, such people felt that they were losing political ground as the campaign by prime minister narendramodi to integrate dalits, oppressed and deprived with the development process have shown positive results, he said.
;;0.5574;;the presence of 2,000 people during night in a village is enough indication that they have expressed happiness in the various schemes of prime minister narendramodi and up chief minister yogi adityanath, he said.
;;-0.7351;;(express photo by gajendra yadav)upping the ante against the bjp over the unnao and kathua rape cases, the congress on friday criticised prime minister narendramodi modis assurance of justice for the victims and resignation of two jammu and kashmir ministers as too little, too late.
;;-0.2732;;holding aloft banners, posters and party flags, the rallyists shouted slogans against pm narendramodi and demanded that the centre stop using federal agencies like the central bureau of investigation to harass political opponents.
;;-0.1531;;our protest against centres atrocities will continue under the leadership of our chief mamata banerjee until prime minister narendramodi resigns from his post, said state party president subrata bakshi.
;;0.4215;;b'union minister narendramodi singh tomar (file photo) union minister narendramodi singh tomar (file photo)the recent visit of canadian prime minister justin trudeau to india has deepened and strengthened bilateral relations, union minister for mines narendramodi singh tomar has said.
;;0.8519;;prime minister narendramodi and canadian prime minister justin trudeau in a joint statement have reaffirmed their commitment to the ongoing diversification and growth of the strategic partnership, based on shared values of democracy, diversity, pluralism and the rule of law, tomar said in toronto.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina wazed during a meeting in new york (representational image).
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina wazed during a meeting in new york (representational image).
;;0.4939;;although it does not come under my ministry, i will meet pm narendramodi and hand over the memorandum that has suggestions of the delegation.
;;-0.25;;he also criticised prime minister narendramodi modis speech in the us congress, sarcastically saying that each word used by him showed his friendship policy for pakistan.
;;-0.5994;;addressing protesters, radhika had attacked prime minister narendramodi asking what action did you take against your minister who had called my son anti-national?
;;0.0572;;after the high-profile visit of rahul to the campus, hyderabad mp asaduddin owaisi also went there and asked why prime minister narendramodi was not saying sorry over the incident.
;;0.0;;congresss communication department chief randeep surjewala said bopaiah had been appointed pro tem speaker with the sole intent of manufacturing a majority out of a minority, at the instance of prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.296;;khemka has also reminded how prime minister narendramodi has always championed the cause of environment and sustainable development.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at an election rally in kharagpur.
;;0.0;;(express photo: subham dutta) prime minister narendramodi at an election rally in kharagpur.
;;-0.296;;(express photo: subham dutta)a week after the deadly terror bombings in brussels, prime minister narendramodi will leave for the belgian capital on tuesday night as part of a three- nation tour during which he will attend the nuclear security summit in washington and visit saudi arabia.
;;0.3818;;on sunday, prime minister narendramodi said that it was our duty to protect and respect the poor and dalit people of our country.
;;0.6908;;last year in february, prime minister narendramodi had exhorted voters to vote for his party in the delhi assembly election, claiming that his victory in the general election had brought luck to the country.
;;0.8324;;in a strong rebuttal to prime minister narendramodi modis comment on judges having a long vacation, chief justice of india t s thakur sunday said judges dont go to hill stations to enjoy the summer break, but spend this time on writing judgments and on clearing their desks so that fresh cases can be taken up.
;;0.0;;baba ramdev said prime minister narendramodi is the brand ambassador of india and not patanjali.
;;0.0;;(file photo) baba ramdev said prime minister narendramodi is the brand ambassador of india and not patanjali.
;;0.0;;(file photo)yoga guru-turned-tycoon baba ramdev on thursday said prime minister narendramodi is the brand ambassador of india and not his fmcg empire patanjali.
;;-0.4215;;2013  after the anointment of gujarat chief minister narendramodi as bjp campaign committee chairman for 2014 elections,a sulking advani resigned from all party posts thereby plunging the party into deep crisis and making public the rift which the bjp top brass was trying hard to conceal.
;;-0.7506;;2002  on board an aircraft with prime minister atal bihar vajpayee which was headed to bjps national executive meet in goa,advani opposed the idea of sacking gujarat cm narendramodi in the wake of the riots of 2002 in which thousands of innocent citizens were killed while modis govt could not bring the situation under control for days together.
;;0.5267;;pm narendramodi and donald trump (right) pm narendramodi and donald trump (right)prime minister narendramodi , who spoke to us president donald trump late tuesday night over telephone, said both leaders have agreed to work closely to strengthen bilateral ties.
;;0.8316;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) january 25, 2017watch video | pm narendramodi invites us president donald trump to visit indiaafter the phone call between the two leaders, the white house said in a statement that president trump thinks of india as a true friend to the united states and has extended an invitation to pm modi for a visit later this year.
;;-0.4939;;future crises will be different, i am told: prime minister narendramodi already broke from indias strategic restraint by conducting surgical strikes in 2016 and his government has continued to signal its willingness to act forcefully against pakistan next time too.
;;0.25;;saying that there was a dearth of good leaders in the country,best-selling writer chetan bhagat called on gujarat chief minister narendramodi to play a bigger role in the national politics.
;;0.4019;;b'prime minister narendramodi delivering his address at the launch of the projects, smart cities mission, in pune on saturday.
;;0.4019;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi delivering his address at the launch of the projects, smart cities mission, in pune on saturday.
;;0.8738;;(pti photo)making a strong pitch to consider urbanisation as an opportunity to mitigate poverty and not as a problem, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said cities have to be strengthened through comprehensive and inter-connected approach combined with increased public participation.
;;0.0;;we have heard about cultural renaissance, but under prime minister narendramodi an urban renaissance is taking place, he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will address the nation at 11 am sunday through his monthly radio broadcast mann ki baat.
;;0.0;;tajinder pal singh bagga,convener of the delhi-based right-wing group bhagat singh kranti sena (bsks),has come up with a campaign called modi-fying india which is aimed at projecting gujarat chief minister narendramodi as prime minister.
;;-0.5859;;with the bjp sweeping the bypolls in gujarat and the jd(u) candidate losing in bihar,the bjp leadership,ahead of the national executive meeting in goa this weekend,is under increasing pressure to bring gujarat chief minister narendramodi to the forefront of its 2014 campaign.
;;0.5647;;demonetisation, announced on november 8, 2016, by prime minister narendramodi might have hit the liquor trade hard in odisha but the sales in the recent times have shot up, thanks to the ongoing panchayat polls in the state.
;;0.875;;b'smriti irani was moved to the textile ministry after a reshuffle in the union cabinet (pti photo) smriti irani was moved to the textile ministry after a reshuffle in the union cabinet (pti photo)a day after she was shifted from the key hrd ministry to textiles, smriti irani on wednesday said her efforts in the last two years had been to improve quality of education and thanked prime minister narendramodi for giving her the opportunity to serve the country.
;;0.5423;;b'prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi moditurnaround at endduring his recent interaction with secretaries to the government of india, prime minister narendramodi admitted that he was conscious that within 10 months of the formation of the new central government, its popularity had begun to wane.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the corridors construction in february with a target of rs 20,000 crore in investments and creation of about 2.
;;0.0;;ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the city on september 11, ut advisor vijay kumar dev on friday announced the beginning of a cleanliness campaign across the city in collaboration with the municipal corporation and city-based ngos.
;;0.0;;b'(file photo) (file photo)air indias turnaround was one of the biggest achievement stories mentioned by prime minister narendramodi during his independence day speech.
;;0.6486;;on implementation of demonetisation process, prime minister narendramodi yesterday said the government was always ready for the discussion on the issue but the opposition was only interested in tv bytes and not debates.
;;-0.0516;;b'congress president rahul gandhi (file) congress president rahul gandhi (file)congress president rahul gandhi on tuesday complained that he was not getting enough time to speak in parliament, while targeting prime minister narendramodi over issues like demonetisation and alleged purchase of rafale jets at a higher price.
;;0.5106;;we will go to him with a memorandum for prime minister narendramodi seeking tax free diesel for agriculture.
;;0.4588;;amicus curiae ramchandran is here to probe evidence,if any,against modi and othersthe official review of the probe carried out by the supreme court-appointed special investigation team (sit) into the alleged role of chief minister narendramodi and 62 others in connection with 2002 riots started on saturday.
;;-0.5299;;(express archives)extremely disappointed over uttar pradesh not being given adequate representation in the cabinet, the congress party on thursday took a dig at prime minister narendramodi and said that he does mann ki baat very often but is least interested in kaam ki baat.
;;0.1531;;b'with the bjp showing no signs of a rethink on elevating gujarat chief minister narendramodi as the head of its 2014 poll campaign panel despite the apparent opposition of party veteran l k advani,the jd(u) is likely to part ways with the bjp in a matter of days.
;;-0.2263;;(source: inc)a day after the indian air force (iaf) issued a request for information for global aircraft manufacturers to buy and make 110 fighter jets in india, congress president rahul gandhi renewed his attack on prime minister narendramodi over the rafale fighter jet deal.
;;0.0;;b'the parliamentarian from north-west delhi has sought an appointment with prime minister narendramodi over the issue.
;;0.0;;(photo: twitter/@@dr_uditraj/file) the parliamentarian from north-west delhi has sought an appointment with prime minister narendramodi over the issue.
;;0.0;;the parliamentarian from north-west delhi has sought an appointment with prime minister narendramodi over the issue.
;;-0.34;;prime minister narendramodi was seen in tears wednesday morning as he arrived to pay his last respects to former foreign minister sushma swaraj who passed away last night following a cardiac arrest in delhi.
;;-0.0258;;b'kulbhushan jadhav verdict: prime minister narendramodi on thursday expressed satisfaction at the icjs judgment which stayed kulbhushan jadhavs death sentence by pakistan military court until further notice.
;;-0.0258;;kulbhushan jadhav verdict: prime minister narendramodi on thursday expressed satisfaction at the icjs judgment which stayed kulbhushan jadhavs death sentence by pakistan military court until further notice.
;;0.875;;following international court of justice (icj) decision to stay the execution of indian national kulbhushan jadhav on thursday until further notice, prime minister narendramodi expressed satisfaction at the top un courts judgment even as he thanked minister for external affairs sushma swaraj, as per pti.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi felt that one of the bjps key campaign planks against the congress should be dynastic rule, expressed in terms of numbers, 2+1+4.
;;0.4215;;hoping for a miraclec r patil is the the chief trouble-shooter for narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.4019;;b'janata party president subramanian swamy paid a visit to gujarat chief minister narendramodi on monday at his office in gandhinagar.
;;0.0;;swamy met chief minister narendramodi to discuss the prevailing political situation and the next lok sabha election, sources privy to the meeting said.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi on saturday pressed the centre to raise the height of the narmada dam up to 138.
;;0.0;;he said the bharatiya janata partys agenda is what prime minister narendramodi modis government does.
;;-0.5267;;pm modi and afghan president ashraf ghani pm modi and afghan president ashraf ghaniprime minister narendramodi and afghanistans president ashraf ghani on friday agreed that indias entry into sco as a full member would promote closer cooperation within sco, including on one of the main priorities, fighting terrorism, sources said.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi has already launched the campaign, having addressed a rally in kokrajhar on january 19, and is scheduled to visit friday, when he will inaugurate the games in guwahati after attending three events in upper assam, including an address to party workers.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with president of turkey, recep tayyip erdogan at hyderabad house in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo/pib) prime minister narendramodi with president of turkey, recep tayyip erdogan at hyderabad house in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;(express photo by praveen khanna) prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.2732;;shah as well as prime minister narendramodi will meet the leaders.
;;0.1027;;(file)prime minister narendramodi today said the government is taking several steps to promote young entrepreneurs in the country, adding that startups are no longer confined to big cities.
;;0.0;;sri lanka and india signed an mou on economic co-operation in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and his lankan counterpart wickremesinghe in new delhi last month.
;;0.4019;;on a different note, he described prime minister narendramodi as an active leader, and recalled meeting him during his tenure as the gujarat chief minister.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will release the digital copies of 100 files related to subhash chandra bose on his birth anniversary tomorrow.
;;0.0;;addressing a series of poll rallies in itwa and khesraha assembly constituencies in the district, he claimed that only prime minister narendramodi can usher in development.
;;0.4939;;chief minister narendramodi on saturday put up a massive show of strength in the presence of his partys national president rajnath singh,who was in ahmedabad to attend the celebrations of 33rd foundation day of the bjp.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with british prime minister david cameron for members of the media before a meeting at the nuclear security summit, friday, april 1, 2016, at the walter e. washington convention center in washington.
;;0.34;;(ap/pti photo) prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with british prime minister david cameron for members of the media before a meeting at the nuclear security summit, friday, april 1, 2016, at the walter e. washington convention center in washington.
;;0.4215;;(ap/pti photo)prime minister narendramodi met his british counterpart david cameron here on the sidelines of nuclear security summit (nss) during which the two leaders discussed defence co-operation and make in india issues.
;;0.4404;;earlier today, speaking ahead of the 17th lok sabhas first session, prime minister narendramodi said, we are working to fulfill peoples aspiration.
;;0.0;;five days after prime minister narendramodi and his british counterpart boris johnson spoke over the phone and discussed the situation in kashmir, the two leaders met here on sunday.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi hailed the move as a paradigm shift and a futuristic step in a series of messages on twitter after the cabinet approved the plan.
;;-0.9337;;b'after uri and before the surgical strikes, prime minister narendramodi had seemed to caution the peoples of india and pakistan against turning on each other  their common enemy, he had reminded them from a bjp conclave in kozhikode, was poverty and illiteracy, unemployment and infant and maternal mortality.
;;0.8555;;earlier today, buoyed by the supreme court order allowing petitioners seeking a review of the rafale judgment to rely on certain documents, gandhi claimed the apex court has made it clear that prime minister narendramodi committed a theft.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi , who joined the meeting later, had to be happy as india has been telling nepali actors to have all sides on board for some time now .
;;0.4404;;bandh supporters also burnt effigies of prime minister narendramodi and burnt tyres in various parts of the state including kolkata.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the us, his fourth in two years, has produced evidence that the transfiguration of indias ties with the worlds principal superpower that began in the late 1990s has now acquired a certain inexorable momentum.
;;-0.4019;;b'up cm yogi adityanath (express photo by gajendra yadav/file photo) up cm yogi adityanath (express photo by gajendra yadav/file photo)chhotelal, a dalit mp of the bharatiya janata party (bjp), has complained to prime minister narendramodi against uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, saying the latter scolded and shunted him out when he met him over a party-related problem.
;;0.4019;;the party spokesperson also alleged that prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath were misusing the government machinery and claimed they had information that money was distributed to voters on sunday.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday met union ministers from the bjp as well as allies at a meeting hosted by party president amit shah at its headquarters.
;;0.0772;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by renuka puri) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by renuka puri)the invitation to the leaders of the south asian association of regional cooperation (saarc) countries at the swearing-in ceremony of prime minister narendramodi in may, 2014 was considered landmark in many ways.
;;0.0;;file photo narendramodi with tshering tobgay.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with maldives president yameen abdul gayoom before a delegation-level meeting in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(ap photo/manish swarup) prime minister narendramodi with maldives president yameen abdul gayoom before a delegation-level meeting in new delhi.
;;0.0;;nepal prime minister pushpa kamal dahal prachanda with prime minister narendramodi at the hyderabad house in new delhi on friday.
;;0.0;;express photo by prem nath pandey nepal prime minister pushpa kamal dahal prachanda with prime minister narendramodi at the hyderabad house in new delhi on friday.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi (l) greeted by his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif after modi took the oath of office at the presidential palace in new delhi on may 26, 2014.
;;0.2732;;(source: reuters) prime minister narendramodi (l) greeted by his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif after modi took the oath of office at the presidential palace in new delhi on may 26, 2014.
;;0.0772;;i want to meet prime minister narendramodi to plead with him to intervene, manoj said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , his cabinet colleagues, maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis and governor vidyasagar rao in nagpur on ambedkar jayanti friday.
;;0.0;;(photo: pti) prime minister narendramodi , his cabinet colleagues, maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis and governor vidyasagar rao in nagpur on ambedkar jayanti friday.
;;0.4767;;(photo: pti)prime minister narendramodi on friday said that his governments digidhan scheme will become a global reference point, attracting international universities to do research on it.
;;0.1531;;dasarath dekaprime minister narendramodi , who arrives in assam on a day-long trip has a series of four engagements.
;;0.0;;the bjp has rescheduled prime minister narendramodi modis rallies in bengal in view of cyclone fani.
;;0.0;;we have rescheduled prime minister narendramodi modis rallies that were slated on may 5 at tamluk and jhargram.
;;-0.8225;;tensions heightened after prime minister narendramodi in february threatened to block the flow of water into pakistan.
;;0.0;;ghani will meet prime minister narendramodi during his visit on september 14-15.
;;0.2263;;in a scathing attack at prime minister narendramodi , togadia said: after 50 years of my life dedicated to the welfare of hindus, i was thrown out and for what i didnt ask for any posts, i didnt ask for prime ministershipchai ka thaila ya pakoda talne ki karahi nahi manga (i didnt ask for a bag of tea or pakoda frying vessel)i was only demanding ram mandir, the issue on which he became the prime minister, togadia said in his usual inflammatory speech in the presence of over a dozen policemen and around 200 supporters.
;;-0.6486;;as bjp leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , observed a fast to expose the congress over the issue of disruption of parliament, shah accused the opposition of working to obstruct the prime ministers pro-poor and development agenda.
;;-0.4404;;the oppositions irresponsible conduct is aimed at obstructing prime minister narendramodi modis efforts for the poors welfare and the countrys all-round development, shah said.
;;-0.5994;;meanwhile, tmc mlas staged a protest on state assembly premises against these attacks, and asked prime minister narendramodi to break his silence.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi said this recently in his mann ki baat.
;;0.5719;;congress president rahul gandhi (source- twitter/inc) congress president rahul gandhi (source- twitter/inc)the shiv sena on thursday praised congress president rahul gandhi for being dignified while attacking prime minister narendramodi in his speeches and said said he could pose a challenge to the bjp in 2019.
;;-0.4939;;the political establishment expressed grief and shock over the death with prominent figures like rahul gandhi, sonia gandhi and prime minister narendramodi expressing support.
;;0.0;;the congress on thursday said that chief minister parkash singh badal and deputy chief minister sukhbir badal are doing to lokpal ig shamlal ghakhar what gujarat chief minister narendramodi did to police officer sanjiv bhatt.
;;-0.5106;;sanjiv bhatt,also an ips officer,is currently in jail,arrested,it is alleged,for testifying against narendramodi in a post-godhra riots case.
;;-0.5859;;shetti, who came to pune from hatkanangle, started on his journey on foot from pune on march 22, citing betrayal by prime minister narendramodi in the 2014 general elections.
;;0.3182;;while bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi addressed a huge rally at siliguri, congress vice-president rahul gandhi attended a workers meet in the dooars.
;;0.0772;;ncp spokesman nawab malik had also tweeted on december 7 that maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis wants prime minister narendramodi to head a civic authority formed for the development of mumbai city.
;;0.9001;;bahujan samaj party (bsp) chief mayawati, meanhwile, questioned the silence of prime minister narendramodi and other top bjp leaders and said the incident was only a fresh example of the saffron partys newfound love for dalits for their political gains.
;;0.3612;;the aiadmk leader said prime minister narendramodi had promised to assist the state government in its efforts to hold jallikattu.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi will make his first visit to indonesia next week, the first by an indian pm since 2013.
;;0.5719;;(pti photo)a chaadar was on saturday offered at the dargah of khwaja moinuddin chishti here on behalf of prime minister narendramodi who said the service of the sufi saint to humanity will continue to inspire generations.
;;-0.6808;;live: mufti mohammad sayeed passes away, national mourning declaredlive: mufti mohammad sayeed passes away, national mourning declared j&k chief minister mufti mohammed syeed meets narendramodi , rajnath singhj&k chief minister mufti mohammed syeed meets narendramodi , rajnath singh j-k govt will provide land for composite township for kashmiri pandit migrants: mufti sayeed to rajnath singhlast week, pdp chief mehbooba mufti demanded that the centre create a conducive atmosphere through confidence building measures for the state, failing which she would not form the government with the bjp.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi will address all 13 bjp chief ministers this evening and he is likely to ask them to focus on the agenda of good governance and development.
;;0.4404;;bsp supremo mayawati sunday lashed out at gujarat chief minister narendramodi for his puppy and hindu nationalist remarks and advised the senior bjp leader to study the indian constitution thoroughly.
;;0.128;;my party strongly condemns the examples given by gujarat chief minister narendramodi , mayawati said.
;;0.0;;president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi with the new ministers during the swearing-in ceremony at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi with the new ministers during the swearing-in ceremony at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0382;;(source: express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)deciding not to leave the functions of junior ministers to their cabinet seniors, prime minister narendramodi has decided that he will take the call on allocation of business among ministers of state (mos).
;;0.9337;;bangladeshi pm sheikh hasina and prime minister narendramodi (source: pmo/twitter/file) bangladeshi pm sheikh hasina and prime minister narendramodi (source: pmo/twitter/file)lauding the bold and courageous leadership of bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina for the countrys success in socio-economic development, prime minister narendramodi monday told a visiting bangladesh delegation that he is trying to resolve the question of sharing teesta river water between the two countries, an official statement said on monday.
;;-0.7579;;at an election rally earlier this year, prime minister narendramodi himself said that the kanpur rail accident was a conspiracy from across the border.
;;0.0;;the project was completed in a record 117 days by the army engineers  a fact lauded by prime minister narendramodi in a tweet on tuesday.
;;0.8555;;they decided to join us to strengthen the resolve given by prime minister narendramodi towards a strong governance, he said.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, tamil nadu cm o paneerselvam today met prime minister narendramodi and sought ordinance for the conduct of jallikattu.
;;0.0;;(pti) prime minister narendramodi is offered a sword by punjab chief minister parkash singh badal at the vijay sankalp yatra rally for punjab assembly elections in jalandhar on friday.
;;0.0;;on wednesday, 80 employees of the shillong raj bhavan wrote to the president and prime minister narendramodi seeking his removal.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi has instructed the resident commissioner of gujarat in new delhi to coordinate with the embassy of japan and render assistance if required.
;;0.3612;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi on saturday wished the nation on the festivals of makar sakranti, pongal, magh bihu and uttarayan.
;;0.0;;shamlaji temple renovation: modi lays foundationgandhinagar: chief minister narendramodi on friday laid the foundation of a rs 70-crore renovation project for the shamlaji temple complex in sabarkantha district and felicitated those who have donated a gold crown and gold-plated doors to the temple.
;;0.4767;;condemning barkatis fatwa against prime minister narendramodi , he said: after all, he is the prime minister of the country and his chair should be respected.
;;0.0;;patole said, prime minister narendramodi said in parliament the other day that bjp mps were elected because of him.
;;-0.3182;;the cm had written a letter to prime minister narendramodi two days ago seeking a central assistance of rs 1,000 crore after the finance commissioner (revenue) pegged the loss due to floods at rs 1,700 crore.
;;0.0;;illustrations: c r sasikumarprime minister narendramodi in his mann ki baat broadcast on february 28 said he has a big exam the next day.
;;0.128;;read | bjp declares sarbananda sonowal as its cm nominee for assam electionsonowal, who has already launched the election campaign by getting prime minister narendramodi to address a meeting organised by the bodo peoples front  which has recently forged an alliance with the bjp  is now looking at bringing closer more ethnic and indigenous groups.
;;0.6249;;nine months after russian president vladimir putin told prime minister narendramodi that russia would help india put an astronaut in space by 2022, national security advisor ajit doval met russias space agency chief on friday and discussed key aspects of the gaganyaan mission.
;;0.0;;hitting out at the bjp for not fielding a single muslim candidate in the recent assembly elections in uttar pradesh, abdullah said mehbooba now expects prime minister narendramodi to follow the footsteps of atal bihari vajpayee.
;;0.2023;;playing down the controversy over us president donald trumps claim that prime minister narendramodi asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, kumar said it is time to move on.
;;-0.0572;;he has in the past said that as an indian citizen he does not want narendramodi as his prime minister.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday called upon people to observe the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi this year by striving to make india plastic-free and exhorted municipalities, ngos and the corporate sector to take measures for safe disposal of accumulated plastic waste before diwali.
;;0.0;;during lok sabha poll campaigning, prime minister narendramodi had said the congress government in madhya pradesh was in shambles as more than one person was wielding the power of chief ministership.
;;-0.128;;b'cm comes under heavy fire from all sides for hinting he wanted to serve mother indiaa day after he gave a strong indication of his prime ministerial ambitions,chief minister narendramodi on friday came under heavy fire from not only from congress and its allies,but also from nda ally jd-u.
;;0.0;;cm skips key bjp meeting on karnatakagujarat chief minister narendramodi on friday skipped the first meeting of bjps central election committee (cec),in which he was inducted last weekend to mark his ascendancy,that finalised 140 candidates for the may 5 karnataka assembly elections.
;;-0.8176;;its now bjps turn to slam communal talkcongress is playing negative communal politics by attacking gujarat chief minister narendramodi as it wants to divert the discourse from development,bjp said friday.
;;-0.6249;;(reuters)there is no basis to criticism that prime minister narendramodi is running a one-man show and the perception that the society is getting polarised under the nda government was totally misplaced, union minister prakash javadekar has said.
;;-0.4939;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on friday expressed her dissatisfaction over mahatma gandhis picture being replaced by that of prime minister narendramodi in the 2017 calendar and diary of khadi and village industries commission (kvic).
;;0.3182;;it was then left for chief minister narendramodi to greet the guests at nadiad,where the state-level independence day function was held this year.
;;0.8834;;advertisingwith the bjp central leadership  party president amit shah, working president j p nadda and organising secretary b l santhosh  vetting all candidates who are going to be made ministers before obtaining final approval from prime minister narendramodi , many of yediyurappas favorites may not be inducted, according to party sources.
;;0.0;;a milestone pact on the strategic chabahar port in southern iran, which will give india access to afghanistan and europe bypassing pakistan, was inked by india and iran in may 2016 after detailed discussions between prime minister narendramodi and iranian president hassan rouhani.
;;0.5423;;two days after chief minister narendramodi met rss top brass in nagpur,gujarat parivartan party president keshubhai patel today visited the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh state headquarters and vishva hindu parishad office here.
;;-0.6124;;patel said narendramodi has betrayed the cause and sentiments of hindus.
;;0.0;;but narendramodi modi,since he took the baton in this relay race,has never passed it on.
;;0.0;;maneka gandhi maneka gandhiin dilemmawomen and child development minister maneka gandhi is treading cautiously on the issue of female genital mutilation considering the cordial links between prime minister narendramodi and syedna mufaddal saifuddin, the spiritual leader of dawoodi bohra community.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi after a cabinet meeting.
;;0.0;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi after a cabinet meeting.
;;-0.128;;a delegation of 12 trinamool congress lawmakers on wednesday met prime minister narendramodi and urged him to bring in a necessary constitutional amendment during the ongoing monsoon session of parliament to change the name of west bengal to bangla, a demand od the state government which has been pending with the centre.
;;0.0;;a 1980-batch ias officer from the gujarat cadre, dash was one of the handpicked ias officers from gujarat who was appointed on central deputation in delhi after narendramodi became the prime minister.
;;0.0;;the suggestions of the standing committee, comprising chief ministers, will then be placed before the inter-state council (isc), headed by prime minister narendramodi , officials said.
;;0.0;;express photo by sahil waliayagyanidhi sharma, a class ix student of guru nanak public school, sector 36, represented the national cadet corps (air wing) at the republic day parade in the presence of prime minister narendramodi held in january.
;;0.6908;;the rs 80,000-crore package for jammu and kashmir announced by prime minister narendramodi in november 2015 also came up for discussion and the two ministers expressed satisfaction over the progress of work in this regard.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had said that those behind the despicable act will not go unpunished.
;;0.0516;;advertisingthere is no ambiguity about the sena-bjp alliance returning to power post polls, thackeray, who shared the dais with prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis at a rally at bandra kurla complex in mumbai, said.
;;-0.3182;;kumar was also critical of prime minister narendramodi modis raincoat barb on his predecessor manmohan singh.
;;0.0;;bihar legislators on thursday assailed mns chief raj thackeray for his remarks on non-marathis getting autorickshaw permits and sought intervention of prime minister narendramodi for initiating action against him for hate-mongering.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi (pti /file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti /file photo)with still two months left till the goods and services tax (gst) roll out, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said consensus on the new tax regime will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism.
;;0.765;;ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to africa, the government has launched the india-africa quiz as a way to celebrate the historical relations shared by the two countries.
;;-0.3612;;punjab congress chief captain amarinder singh on tuesday feigned ignorance at prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet reshuffle where he expanded his union council of ministers with 19 new ministers of state.
;;-0.7351;;congress vice president rahul gandhi monday attacked prime minister narendramodi on demonetisation issue, saying farmers were forced to deposit their money in banks and a limit on withdrawal was imposed so that loans could be given to his favourite business barons.
;;-0.2263;;addressing a rally in mant town, which falls under mant assembly constituency in the district, he accused the prime minister narendramodi of having an indifferent attitude towards farmers as well as youths.
;;0.0;;and plasters across posters were prime minister narendramodi , shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, ljp chief ram vilas paswan and badal.
;;0.34;;nobel prize winner kailash satyarthi on tuesday urged prime minister narendramodi to immediately declare drought as a national emergency, saying it had badly hit children in rural areas.
;;0.1119;;(express archive)still to go public with the future of its alliance with the bjp, the pdp is cut up that there has hardly been any progress on the implementation of the economic package that prime minister narendramodi announced for jammu & kashmir on november 7.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during his visit to the city in september had handed over keys and allotment letters to a total of 10 allottees.
;;0.3182;;uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, his deputy keshav prasad maurya, union minister sadhvi niranjan jyoti among other prominent leaders and mps will visit bihar to showcase the achievements of the narendramodi government in the past three years.
;;0.0;;the narendramodi government will complete its third year in office on may 26, 2017.
;;0.3182;;our prominent national and state leaders will visit various parts of the country to showcase the achievements of the narendramodi government in the past three years, senior bihar bjp leader sushil kumar modi told reporters here.
;;0.2732;;pti photouttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath on friday lauded prime minister narendramodi and said that the country had touched new heights on both the home front as well as the international stage with modi at its helm.
;;-0.296;;at the same time we want to remind prime minister narendramodi that he should have waived off the debt of the farmers as he did for adanis and ambanis.
;;0.0;;gifts and mementos received by chief minister narendramodi were auctioned at vapi in valsad during the past three days,fetching rs 56.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/ @narendramodi) pm narendramodi to address his first mann ki baat this year.
;;0.1779;;(source: twitter/ @narendramodi)in his first mann ki baat this year, prime minister narendramodi primarily focussed on students set to appear in the class x and xii boards and other competitive examinations across the country.
;;0.0;;asked about prime minister narendramodi modis statement today urging muslims not to view the issue of triple talaq from political perspective, he alleged that it was the prime minister who was politicising the issue.
;;0.0;;b'on wednesday, yoga guru ramdev baba declared prime minister narendramodi as rashtra rishi while addressing an event.
;;0.0;;on wednesday, yoga guru ramdev baba declared prime minister narendramodi as rashtra rishi while addressing an event.
;;0.0003;;on wednesday, when yoga guru ramdev baba declared prime minister narendramodi as rashtra rishi while addressing an event, he did not just honour him with the epithet that roughly translates as saint dedicated to the country, but also gave him a god-like status.
;;-0.0754;;in case of pm narendramodi , however, both the concept of a rishi and that of a religious court strategist is quite strange to use as epithet, since he is a democratically elected political personality, who is entrusted with the duty of leading the people, without any spiritual or supernatural connotations being attached to the responsibility.
;;-0.1779;;in the backdrop of the oppositions criticism of his cashless pitch, prime minister narendramodi on sunday insisted that promoting digital transactions has a prominent role in the fight against corruption and black money.
;;-0.1779;;(source: pti photo) in the backdrop of the oppositions criticism of his cashless pitch, prime minister narendramodi on sunday insisted that promoting digital transactions has a prominent role in the fight against corruption and black money.
;;0.4019;;(source: pti photo)in the backdrop of the oppositions criticism of his cashless pitch, prime minister narendramodi on sunday insisted that promoting digital transactions has a prominent role in the fight against corruption and black money and hailed individuals promoting digital money as the countrys new anti-corruption cadre.
;;0.2023;;he will meet prime minister narendramodi and other top political leaders during his stay.
;;-0.296;;the centre on wednesday told rajya sabha that no move has been made on changing the name of west bengal to bangla, prompting chief minister mamata banerjee to write to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to expedite the process.
;;0.1027;;(source: pti/file)tagging haryana minister anil vijs statement as shameful, the congress on sunday said it showed that prime minister narendramodi and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) hold no respect for mahatma gandhi.
;;-0.3724;;this incident shows that prime minister narendramodi and the bjp do not respect mahatma gandhi, congress leader anand sharma told media.
;;0.5719;;68 metre, and with heavy inflow of water from indirasagar and omkareshwar dams in madhya pradesh, officials expect the dam in narmada district to be brimming at its overflow mark by september 17, when prime minister narendramodi , whose 69th birthday falls on the date, is expected to be present at the dam to celebrate the historic height of the reservoir level, and perform an aarti for goddess narmada.
;;-0.2732;;b'at congresss 84th plenary session (express photo by praveen jain) at congresss 84th plenary session (express photo by praveen jain)as agrarian distress emerges as a significant political issue, the congress resolution also declared prime minister narendramodi modis promise of doubling farmers income empty noises and virtually unveiled its manifesto for farmers with an eye on 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.3818;;the congress, which has criticised crop insurance scheme of the narendramodi government, promised to draft a new insurance scheme beneficial to farmers.
;;0.7506;;b'new delhi: prime minister narendramodi at the party headquarters to celebrate victory in up and uttrakhand assembly elections, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.7506;;pti photo by manvender vashist(pti3_12_2017_000190b) new delhi: prime minister narendramodi at the party headquarters to celebrate victory in up and uttrakhand assembly elections, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo by manvender vashist(pti3_12_2017_000190b)as many observers have noticed, the way narendramodi modis bjp swept the polls in uttar pradesh calls to mind the establishment of the congresss hegemony under indira gandhi in the early 1970s.
;;-0.5106;;while indira gandhi wanted to eradicate poverty, narendramodi resorted to demonetisation to eradicate corruption.
;;0.6369;;like indira gandhi in the early 1970s, narendramodi has selected the president and the chief ministers of his party since 2014, including yogi adityanath, the first religious title-holding figure heading a state government in the history of india.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the phase-i of link-i of the project at sanosara village near aji-iii dam.
;;-0.8074;;(pti photo)protests demanding jallikattu swelled on the streets of tamil nadu after agitators rejected statements by prime minister narendramodi and chief minister o panneerselvam and the state braced for a shutdown tomorrow.
;;-0.3182;;watch what else is making news:congress leaders however, said such goodwill gestures indirectly impact politics in the state and the centre, arguing that prime minister narendramodi and pawars friendship was no secret and both had stated it in public.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi at the tcs all women it & ites center in riyadh prime minister narendramodi at the tcs all women it & ites center in riyadhprime minister narendramodi sunday interacted with saudi women it professionals at the first-of- its-kind all-women tcs training centre in the heart of the city here and invited them to come to india.
;;0.7783;;ceo and md of tcs chandrasekaran said, it was an honour to host the honourable prime minister of india, shri narendramodi at our riyadh centre, where he had an occasion to visit this unique facility and interact with our employees.
;;0.2732;;chief minister narendramodi has found another muslim supporter in maulana luqman tarapuri,the imam of jama masjid in anand.
;;0.0;;pathaks announcement comes close on the heels of a scheduled meeting between prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump in washington on june 26.
;;0.0;;after assuming charge of the government, narendramodi initiated his pet cleanliness campaign swachh bharat abhiyan in 2014 to eliminate open defecation through the construction of individual, cluster and community toilets.
;;-0.1027;;he also wanted to meet prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention to hammer out an amicable solution to the dispute.
;;-0.2382;;he said one can openly criticise politicians including prime minister narendramodi but why target the army.
;;-0.7227;;but i am still clueless as to why was my post was so objectionable for police in a state where an imam issued a fatwa against prime minister narendramodi and no action was taken, mitra told the indian express.
;;0.0;;(express photo by tashi tobgyal) narendramodi with prince sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.2263;;reacting strongly to the criticism campaign run by the opposition party congress over the hooch tragedy,chief minister narendramodi had initiated to amend the state prohibition law.
;;0.8025;;prime minister narendramodi modis address and positive response despite the unsuccessful bid by chandrayaan-2s vikram module to touch-down on the lunar surface have boosted the morale of isro scientists, the space agencys chairman k sivan said on sunday.
;;0.659;;when prime minister narendramodi launched the swachh bharat abhiyan, i was very excited and picked up the broom to join him.
;;0.4939;;under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , we have shown our strength by going across the borders and conducting the operations.
;;-0.6124;;also read | cbse exams 2018: congress leader ajay maken upset as son has to re-appear for class 10 maths paperit is also reported that prime minister narendramodi has spoken over the phone to the hrd minister and has expresssed his displeasure over the cbse paper leak incident.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with chief minister of nagaland, t.r. zeliang at a meeting in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(source: file photo/pti) prime minister narendramodi with chief minister of nagaland, t.r. zeliang at a meeting in new delhi.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (right) with french president emmanuel macron in new delhi.
;;0.0;;(express photo by amit mehra) prime minister narendramodi (right) with french president emmanuel macron in new delhi.
;;0.4939;;this self-taught artists paintings have been showcased at various key art galleries, exhibitions worldwide and praised by prime minister narendramodi in one of his mann ki baat episodes.
;;0.4019;;the party wanted chief minister manohar lal khattar to tell the house what transpired between him and prime minister narendramodi when the former met him in delhi recently and took up various issues including syl with him.
;;0.4019;;(file) the party wanted chief minister manohar lal khattar to tell the house what transpired between him and prime minister narendramodi when the former met him in delhi recently and took up various issues including syl with him.
;;0.4019;;the party wanted chief minister manohar lal khattar to tell the house what transpired between him and prime minister narendramodi when the former met him in delhi recently and took up various issues including syl with him.
;;0.4019;;earlier this month, indian prime minister narendramodi offered vietnam a credit line of half a billion dollars for defence cooperation, giving a lift to a country rapidly pursing a military deterrent as discord festers in the south china sea.
;;-0.7845;;muhammad yasin, 35, a teacher in a government school in kharboo village  one of the many on way to drass to be evacuated during the kargil war  says all talk of muscular nationalism on television, the pulwama attack and how indias strike on balakot may swing the mood in prime minister narendramodi modis favour, is lost on them.
;;-0.34;;(source: twitter/mkstalin)pro-tamil outfits protesting over the cauvery issue today showed black flags to prime minister narendramodi when he arrived to formally inaugurate indias mega defence exhibition, defexpo, at thiruvidanthai, about 40 km from here.
;;-0.3612;;surprisingly, unlike in the past, the bjp appeared on a backfoot, displaying no signs of protest as the opposition leaders in freewheeling speeches made sarcastic comments against prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis, with the ncp taking the lead over the congress.
;;-0.3182;;read moreonly dr (manmohan) knows art of taking bath wearing a raincoat: pm modiwith the remarks made by prime minister narendramodi regarding former prime minister dr manmohan singh in the rajya sabha, several opposition leaders, primarily from the congress, staged a walkout from the upper house.
;;0.0;;watch video: prime minister narendramodi modis address to the nation on indias 73rd independence day  ,     ,    -  -           -          ,  -   -     -           -    -     ,                     ,           ,                          ,  ,   ,      ,     ,   -               ,           ,     ,      ,       ,                                , -                    ,   ,                  ,   ,      -      -     ,                                      ,            ,           ,           , ,          ,           ,    ,     ,        -   370  , 35a                     -                 ,      -        ,            ,   -       90        transfer         -,    -,                                         ,      ,                  ,     ,     ,        ,            -                 ,                  ,     ,     ,                     medical education           ,                   -                           -, 2014  2019,                                       ,    ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,                                 2014  2019      ,  2019            ,           21    ,      ,      ,     ,       ,                       advertising2014 ,       2013-14    , -                    ,           ?
;;0.3612;;but we have decided to be a part of prime minister narendramodi modis dream of making india a five-trillion economy by 2025.
;;0.8402;;prime minister narendramodi has tried to keep oli in good humour and has made the right gestures to forgo past bitterness, especially the experience of the 2015 blockade period that made oli accept beijings bear hug.
;;-0.886;;b'ambedkarites can never be naxals and naxals can never be ambedkarites said union minister ramdas athawale (express photo by janak rathod) ambedkarites can never be naxals and naxals can never be ambedkarites said union minister ramdas athawale (express photo by janak rathod)union minister ramdas athawale on friday condemned an alleged plan by maoists to target prime minister narendramodi , but said the elgar parishad and subsequent violence at bhima-koregaon near pune had no naxal connection.
;;0.0;;bjp workers in the state capital have put up big hoardings thanking prime minister narendramodi and parrikar for teaching a lesson to pakistan.
;;0.7269;;prime minister narendramodi (sources) prime minister narendramodi (sources)on the occasion of the earth day, prime minister narendramodi on saturday hoped that awareness would be created about protecting nature and natural resources.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi with russia president vladimir putin in sochi.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@pmoindia) prime minister narendramodi with russia president vladimir putin in sochi.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/@pmoindia)the hrd ministry is looking at a proposal to establish a school for the gifted, on the lines of sirius educational centre in sochi that prime minister narendramodi had visited during his trip to russia last month.
;;-0.5859;;while bjp has hit back saying the visit is to politicise the death of the farmers, congress leaders have said rahul wants to visit the bereaving families to assure them unlike pm narendramodi , who has maintained silence on the issue.
;;0.4019;;on his last day in asia, obama met with indian prime minister narendramodi , whose help obama is seeking to galvanize further action on climate change, especially among developing countries.
;;-0.6249;;chief minister mamata banerjee is likely to meet prime minister narendramodi later this month to discuss the heightened security concerns in west bengal, following the terror attack in bangladesh on friday.
;;-0.2732;;the gujarat high court on wednesday began the final hearing on a petition praying direction to the state government-appointed justices g t nanavati and akshay mehta commission to summon chief minister narendramodi as a witness in the 2002 riot cases.
;;0.2023;;b'manipur governor najma heptulla manipur governor najma heptullamanipur governor najma heptulla on tuesday said that prime minister narendramodi is best-equipped to solve the israel-palentine issue, given his prestigious standing with both countries.
;;0.2023;;if anyone can solve israel-palestine issues, only prime minister narendramodi can.
;;0.0;;in an apparent reference to questions raised by bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi who asked her to name the person who bought one of her paintings for rs 1.
;;-0.735;;watch what else is making newsrubbishing gandhis claims of prime minister narendramodi spreading fear in the country, shaina nc said it was not fear, but faith that the people of the country have shown in the prime minister.
;;0.2057;;we told the farmers not to fear anybody, but what did narendramodi do?
;;-0.296;;he said the central government led by prime minister narendramodi remained a big hope to bail out the state from the fiscal crisis.
;;0.6369;;b'bjp national spokesperson sambit patra (file photo) bjp national spokesperson sambit patra (file photo)bharatiya janata party (bjp) national spokesperson sambit patra saturday said the oppositions move to form a unified front with the aim to prevent prime minister narendramodi modis return to power in 2019 has no chance of standing in the way of ndas aspirational agenda and rapid development in the country during past four years.
;;0.7579;;aiadmk general secretary vk sasikala on wednesday thanked president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and tamil nadu governor ch vidyasagar rao for their support in bringing an ordinance to allow bull-taming sport jallikattu.
;;-0.4019;;starting trouble marred the late-night google hangout session with chief minister narendramodi that had far too few gujarati participants as compared to people from other states and nris.
;;0.4019;;b'union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi (express photo/file) union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi (express photo/file)the narendramodi government has carried out more developmental works in its four years than opposition parties during their 48-year rule, union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi claimed on tuesday.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi modis commitment to inclusive growth had ensured welfare of the poor, the youth, farmers, minorities and women, a bjp statement quoted the minority affairs minister as saying.
;;-0.5994;;after his repeated attempts to lodge a complaint in three different police stations failed, yadav wrote an emotional letter to prime minister narendramodi modis office referring himself as bhakt (devotee) and pm modi as his bhagwan (god).
;;0.0;;union home minister amit shah wednesday said prime minister narendramodi has shown pakistan its place by abrogating provisions of article 370 and showing to the world that kashmir is an inalienable part of india.
;;0.7269;;shah also thanked the people of jharkhand for unanimously electing narendramodi as prime minister in the lok sabha elections this year, adding that the government has successfully controlled naxalism in the state and implemented various welfare schemes.
;;0.4019;;the election of indian prime minister narendramodi of the hindu nationalist bharatiya janata party (bjp) three years ago has emboldened right-wing hindu groups to push harder for protection of the cow, an animal they consider sacred.
;;-0.836;;asked about the phone conversation between prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump last night where the two leaders vowed to stand shoulder-to-shoulder in the fight against terror and strengthen defence and economic ties, parrikar said terrorism is one issue which the indian government has taken up with many countries.
;;0.0258;;hours after the centre informed the rajya sabha that it was yet to approve the change of name of west bengal to bangla, chief minister mamata banerjee shot off a letter to prime minister narendramodi to expedite the matter.
;;0.7964;;post the demonetisation policy of prime minister narendramodi , both shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and ncp president sharad pawar had made it a common cause with all the regional parties across the country including samajwadi party, bahujan samaj party, trinamool congress and biju janata dal.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)agitated over pm narendramodi modis raincoat jibe at predecessor manmohan singh, congress thursday announced it will boycott the pm in parliament for the rest of the budget session.
;;0.802;;rahul gandhi on saturday congratulated prime minister narendramodi for the bjps victory in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand and thanked the people of punjab for giving the congress a mandate for the states bright future.
;;0.4939;;i congratulate shri narendramodi and the bjp on their victory in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, he said in a tweet.
;;0.765;;bjp president amit shah (express photo by tashi tobgyal) bjp president amit shah (express photo by tashi tobgyal)on tuesday, when prime minister narendramodi urged bjp members to look upon party president amit shah as their model for hard work and dedication, shah was at work trying to translate the karnataka election verdict into a success for the bjp.
;;0.0;;the other locations where yoga will be performed in large groups include the banks of sharmistha lake in vadnagar, the hometown of prime minister narendramodi , the ancient sun temple at modhera, becharaji temple, kadana dam, etc.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi raised concerns over the project in his meeting with chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the g20 meet in hangzhou on september 4.
;;0.0;;china is reportedly concerned after prime minister narendramodi modis visit to vietnams capital hanoi this month.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi has changed service rules to allow married ias and ips officers to get same cadre state.
;;0.6249;;read morepm modi invites president donald trump to visit india, white house says india a true friendprime minister narendramodi and president donald trump had a telephonic conversation late on tuesday night in an effort to strengthen bilateral ties.
;;0.8074;;there was a great deal of excitement in the chief ministers office on saturday when someone sent a printout of a facebook page that had a picture juxtaposing the time magazine cover of march that featured narendramodi with a tagline modi means business,but can he lead india?
;;0.4215;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea), chaired by prime minister narendramodi , has approved a proposal to provide foodgrains to apl category to tamil nadu and kerala at msp instead of apl rate, food minister ram vilas paswan told pti after the meeting.
;;0.5106;;pm narendramodi (file photo) pm narendramodi (file photo)in the 31st edition of mann ki baat, prime minister narendramodi on sunday touched upon on a host of issues, including climate change and the vip culture in india.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday greeted afghanistan which is all set to commemorate 100 years of its independence on august 19.
;;0.836;;read full story hereindia, uae to strengthen ties for increase in bilateral tradenew delhi: prime minister new delhi: prime minister narendramodi ,shakes hand with abu dhabis crown prince sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan after signing of agreements between the two countries in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.802;;prime minister narendramodi and crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan also expressed content over the ties having been matured into a strong relationship across a wide range of political, economic, trade and investment, energy, defence and security spheres.
;;-0.34;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to attend the last day of the programme, themed beat plastic pollution and aimed at uniting the world to combat single-use plastic, on the last day, on wednesday.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi will address the nation on thursday at 8 pm during which he is expected to talk about governments decisions on scrapping the special status granted to jammu and kashmir by modifying article 370 of the constitution and splitting the state into two union territories  ladakh, and jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.8591;;(source: file)maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis on sunday lauded prime minister narendramodi modis efforts to uplift the conditions of the poor and said earlier only hollow speeches were made about eradication of poverty, a veiled attack on previous congress-led governments.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , in his second interview to a private news channel, said that theres mistrust between states sometimes on taxes, but the introduction of gst will make this process very transparent.
;;-0.296;;he accused prime minister narendramodi of staying silent on the issue, saying that he has so far tweeted only about yoga.
;;0.4588;;the lush green lawns at the presidents secretariat, venue for prime minister narendramodi modis ceremonial welcome, was soaked in rain.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , chinese president xi jinping in wuhan on friday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi , chinese president xi jinping in wuhan on friday.
;;0.7579;;in remarks after two hours of conversation with prime minister narendramodi on the first day of their informal summit in wuhan, xi expressed hope that they will reach a common, new and important understanding that will help take our relationship to the next level.
;;0.296;;adhalrao patil had raised the issue in parliament sought intervention of prime minister narendramodi for restoring the bullock cart races in the state.
;;0.34;;the delhi police will use cameras equipped with facial recognition software for the first time to secure the red fort, where prime minister narendramodi will hoist the national flag on independence day.
;;0.0;;5 million tonnes of indian sugar to china in a bid to reduce surplus stocks, weeks after an informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping in wuhan.
;;0.5719;;union home minister amit shah thursday said prime minister narendramodi modis decision to abrogate article 370 that granted special status to jammu and kashmir will open doors of development in the region.
;;0.0;;but narendramodi did it in one go.
;;0.631;;advertisingthe union home minister further said that when the narendramodi government took charge in its first term in may 2014, the economy of the country was in a shambles, but things have improved over the last five years.
;;0.6597;;at that time too i had told him which i repeat today that narendramodi does not take decision to appease people but which are good for them.
;;0.6908;;b'earlier narendramodi had met all the rio bound athletes to wish them luck.
;;0.6908;;(source: file) earlier narendramodi had met all the rio bound athletes to wish them luck.
;;0.6551;;(source: file)prime minister narendramodi on saturday said that india is proud of all of its athletes participating in the rio olympics, and urged them not to feel burdened about the results.
;;0.9225;;i urge all athletes who have their games remaining to give their best & play with determination, not get burdened by what the result will be  narendramodi (@narendramodi) 13 august 2016india is phenomenally proud of all our athletes in rio and their hard work that got them there.
;;0.4404;;at this juncture, rohit began to hail the bold decision by prime minister narendramodi to demonetise the currency notes of rs 500 and rs 1000 and added that after it the income under vat has gone up significantly.
;;0.7003;;b'in his last mann ki baat address, the prime minister narendramodi had extended his best wishes to the indian contingent of the rio olympics.
;;0.7003;;in) in his last mann ki baat address, the prime minister narendramodi had extended his best wishes to the indian contingent of the rio olympics.
;;0.0;;in)prime minister narendramodi is all set to address the nation through the 23rd installment of his monthly specialmann ki baat.
;;0.0;;the new terminal of chandigarh international airport was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in 2015.
;;-0.5267;;ahead of last lok sabha elections, prime minister narendramodi had attacked the opposition for creating an atmosphere of suspicion and mistrust over the ews quota.
;;-0.8225;;arvind kejriwal, along with manish sisodia, satyendar jain and gopal rai have been staging a sit-in at the lgs office since monday to protest against agitating ias officials (pti/file) arvind kejriwal, along with manish sisodia, satyendar jain and gopal rai have been staging a sit-in at the lgs office since monday to protest against agitating ias officials (pti/file)delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal on thursday sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention to end the governance impasse in the national capital so that the delhi government can address the issue of rising pollution in the city.
;;-0.6808;;saeed further said if prime minister narendramodi thinks that he would get respite in kashmir after his (saeed) arrest he is seriously mistaken.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi addressing a joint meeting of congress on capitol hill in washington on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi addressing a joint meeting of congress on capitol hill in washington on wednesday.
;;0.7906;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi today defended indias human rights record, saying for his government, the constitution is the real holy book that provides freedom of faith and speech to all citizens regardless of their background.
;;0.0;;read more | full text of pm narendramodi modis speech in us congressfor my government, the constitution is its real holy book.
;;0.7579;;haqqani, who has been advisor to four prime ministers in pakistan and is a regular visitor to india, also throws light on changes in the two countries over the past few yearsshubhajit roy: pm narendramodi invited nawaz sharif for his swearing-in ceremony, and it appeared like a promising, fresh start for the relationship between india and pakistan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis visit to maharashtra on saturday has set the tone for the partys campaign for assembly elections due in october.
;;0.0;;state bjp president devendra fadnavis said: prime minister narendramodi was in mumbai for an official function.
