;;0.6369;;earlier in the morning, rupani, in a tweet, said prime minister narendramodi spoke to him over phone and assured help from the centre.
;;0.4404;;we have been a disciplined partner in the alliance and supporting prime minister narendramodi 's government at every step.
;;0.0;;by express news servicebengaluru: karnataka chief minister bs yediyurappa on tuesday met prime minister narendramodi and a host of union ministers in delhi with a wishlist for the state.
;;0.0;;ranchi: prime minister narendramodi will sunday lay foundation stone for hospitals in hazaribagh, dumka and palamau and inaugurate a host of development schemes during his visit to the state, an official statement said.
;;-0.7506;;ahmedabad: gujarat government on saturday tightened noose around suspended ips officer sanjeev bhatt, who had implicated gujarat chief minister narendramodi in the 2002 riots.
;;-0.7579;;bhatt was arrested on friday connection with a fir filed against him by police constable kd pant for allegedly threatening and making him sign a false affidavit about a high-level meeting called by narendramodi on february 27, 2002.
;;-0.6705;;bhatt had accused gujarat chief minister narendramodi of complicity in 2002 post-godhra riots.
;;0.0762;;i never questioned the parentage of narendramodi .
;;0.6597;;hyderabad: on a day when prime minister narendramodi threw a fitness challenge to all ips officers across the country, an ips officer from telangana in turn threw another interesting challenge to the entire police force in medak district .
;;0.34;;asked if she would take up the fitness challenge that prime minister narendramodi posed to all ips officers, chandana deepti responded saying: why not?
;;0.4588;;three new units of 660mw were being dedicated to the nation by prime minister narendramodi on april 14.
;;0.25;;meanwhile, mysuru mp pratap simha , outlining prime minister narendramodi modis vision, said, he wants every citizen in the country to have a home.
;;0.0;;two of the paintings on movies  mother india and pakeezah have found a place in national museum of indian cinema (nmic), which was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on january 19.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: prime minister narendramodi will address workers of the gujarat bjp and the national unit through a video conference on february 28, as a part of the bjps national programme sangathan samvad, mera booth sabse majboot.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi speaks with isro chairman kailasavadivoo sivan at isro headquarters in bengaluru (afp)dissappointment writ large on the faces after loss of communication during chandrayaan -2 landingbengaluru (isro centre): just hours after indian space research organisation's mission control complex lost communication with chandrayaan-2 's vikram lander during its 15 minutes of the final descent on moon's surface, prime minister narendramodi on saturday morning returned to the isro control room here to boost the morale of space scientists, who became gloomy after last night's setback.
;;0.0772;;apart from compelling economic reasons to disinvest air india, prime minister narendramodi has declared war on vip culture.
;;0.0;;karnataka bjp leader jagadish shettar: anihubli: senior bjp leader jagadish shettar on sunday said chief minister b s yediyurappa will discuss the formation of his cabinet with prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah during his upcoming visit to delhi.
;;-0.5267;;along with soldiers, i salute the political leadership of the country under prime minister narendramodi , who has shown zero tolerance towards terrorism, shah said.
;;0.8126;;cooperation of states needed for doubling farm incomeunion minister of state for agriculture and farmer welfare parshottam rupala appreciated the haryana government for taking effective steps to realize the vision of prime minister narendramodi to double the income of farmers by 2022.
;;0.0;;chandigarh: prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the kundli-manesar-palwal (kmp) expressway in gurgaon district on november 19, said officials here on friday.
;;-0.3182;;the decision was announced shortly after rahul gandhi told reporters that the party halted its deliberations on the congress chief issue due to the present situation in jammu and kashmir after the centre's move on article 370 rahul said that some reports have come in from jammu and kashmir about violence there and the prime minister narendramodi must assuage concerns over the matter in a transparent manner.
;;-0.2263;;around 150 mining dependants demanded to meet prime minister narendramodi , and question why it has taken so long to resume the activity.
;;0.5574;;by ptinew delhi: prime minister narendramodi has congratulated pankaj advani for clinching his 22nd world title and said the ace cueist's tenacity is admirable.
;;0.7351;;they said that while prime minister narendramodi was working hard to help the richest of the rich in the corporate world, rahul was thinking of welfare of the poor and farmers.
;;0.6486;;singapore: prime minister narendramodi today met us defence secretary jim mattis in singapore and discussed security related issues, days after the pentagon renamed its pacific command as indo-pacific command in a largely symbolic move to signal india's importance to the us military.
;;-0.4588;;this story is from november 5, 2018file photo of swami paramhans das (second from right) with other sadhus (photo pti)download the times of india news app for latest cityayodhya: swami paramhans das , mahant of tapaswi chawni temple in ayodhya, on sunday threatened self-immolation on december 6 if prime minister narendramodi and up chief minister yogi adityanath did not announce the date for the construction of ram temple by december 5.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 17, 2018prime minister narendramodi at akhshayvat tree in allahabad fortdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.296;;allahabad: prime minister narendramodi reiterated on sunday that the union government is working hard to ensure aviral and nirmal ganga .
;;0.0;;the decision was taken during a bilateral meeting held between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin in the port city of vladivostok in russia's far east region.
;;0.0;;the family has been awaiting an autopsy report and has written to prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and chief minister vasundhara raje.
;;0.6249;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi modis dream project was waiting for crz approval.
;;0.7579;;new delhi: using his last speech in the 16th lok sabha to drive home benefits of a majority government, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said security in numbers led to distinct advantages on the international stage and faster decision making as compared to a disparate gathbandhan.
;;0.4767;;''the people have stood with prime minister narendramodi s politics of development and the people of the north east have given the stamp of approval for four years of modi government at the centre,'' an official release said quoting him.
;;0.6597;;the people have reposed full faith in the dynamic leadership of prime minister narendramodi and his call of 'sabka saath, sabka vikas', he said.
;;0.0258;;punjab chief minister amarinder singh had said that he will lead a delegation of ravidas community members to meet prime minister narendramodi , seeking his intervention in the matter.
;;0.2732;;climate finance is a key pillar in enabling climate actions, said the ministry ahead of the summit which is to be attended by prime minister narendramodi and environment minister prakash javadekar modi is expected to bring this narrative on the table during the summit while telling global leaders how india is well on track to meet its paris pledges through multiple actions on the ground.
;;0.0;;imphal: prime minister narendramodi on friday inaugurated the 105th indian science congress at the manipur university in imphal .
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi modis recent visit to sri lanka to celebrate the buddhist vesak day celebrations underscored how sri lanka is a crucial test case for indias neighbourhood first policy.
;;0.2732;;family of tabrez in jharkhand on mondaynew delhi: the bjp-rss combine on monday came under attack from political parties over the lynching of a muslim youth with leaders asking whether this was the new india prime minister narendramodi had promised during the elections.
;;-0.9081;;in a veiled dig at prime minister narendramodi , leader of the opposition in rajya sabha gulab nabi azad mocked his idea of new india saying old india had no hatred, anger and lynchings.
;;-0.4939;;led by pfi goa state president sayed iftiyaz, the members said that arresting a police officer who spoke out against gujarat chief minister narendramodi and bjp legislator amit shah was a human rights violation.
;;-0.6486;;jaipur: no leader in the world had the political will like prime minister narendramodi to tackle terrorism, said bjp state president amit shah here on monday.
;;0.6597;;party sources said the central election committee cec ), in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah , will finalise most of the candidates on november 1 or 2 for which initial exercise of finalising the potential candidates have been completed.
;;0.8807;;bjp working president jp nadda (file photo)chandigarh: bjp working president jp nadda on tuesday asserted that his party is the only one in the country giving primacy to its workers with many of its top leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , emerging from amongst them, in contrary to other parties banking upon dynasty.
;;0.1779;;last month, prime minister narendramodi revoked article 370 granting special statues to the state, igniting outrage in pakistan.
;;0.8625;;above all it has been energised by the personal commitment of prime minister narendramodi , who set the tone for innovation during the nda governments inauguration itself by inviting neighbouring saarc countries to the swearing-in ceremony.
;;0.0;;thiruvananthapuram: chief minister pinarayi vijayan on monday hit back at prime minister narendramodi for his remarks against the ldf during a yuva morcha rally at thrissur on sunday.
;;0.0;;dr s k patil, the vice chancellor of raipur-based indira gandhi krishi vishwavidyalaya (igkv), and kanker krishi vigyan kendra 's coordinator birbal sahu received the 'pt deendayal upadhyay krishi vigyan protsahan award-2017' at the hands of prime minister narendramodi yesterday.
;;-0.8225;;read moreshimla: prime minister narendramodi has sanctioned an ex-gratia of rs two lakh each for the families of those killed in the banjar bus accident, an official spokesperson said wednesday.
;;0.0;;kochi: prime minister narendramodi , who will visit kochi on sunday, will dedicate bpcl kochi refinerys integrated refinery expansion project (irep) to the nation at kochi refinery on sunday.
;;-0.7506;;new delhi: the war of words over rafale intensified on tuesday with congress chief rahul gandhi accusing prime minister narendramodi of treason and of violating the official secrets act by leaking information related to india's national security to capitalist friend anil ambani rahul on tuesday released an email dated march 28, 2015, purportedly written by airbus executive nicolas chamussy to three recipients with the subject line ambani.
;;0.6249;;panaji: goa pradesh congress committee (gpcc) president girish chodankar said that it will be a great achievement if union ayush minister and north goa mp shripad naik manages even an appointment with prime minister narendramodi for mining dependants to discuss the issue of restarting mining activities in the state.
;;0.4118;;there were strong rumours that these two mlastourism minister manohar azgaonkar and sanvordem mla deepak pauskarwould join bjp on march 7 when prime minister narendramodi is likely to address a rally in the state, but some said it may happen this week too.
;;0.5106;;samajwadi party will be challenging prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh in the key constituencies of varanasi and lucknow.
;;0.6808;;while pm modi and xi catch up, govt moves on 96 new border posts segregating its attempts to have friendly relations with china from the security strategy, the narendramodi government will build a whopping 96 more indo-tibet border police (itbp) border outposts (bops) along the 3,488 km long india-china border.
;;0.0;;it came after an equally congenial visit to indonesia, and chinese president xi jinpings unexpected rapprochements with prime minister narendramodi and north koreas kim jong un.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping looking on along the east lake, in wuhan (afp photo)the smile diplomacy can be successful, but only within certain limits, said june teufel dreyer, a university of miami political science professor and author of middle kingdom and empire of the rising sun -- a 2016 book on china-japan ties.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi lashed out at the congress-led udf on sunday and claimed that some of its leaders had falsely implicated former isro scientist nambi narayanan to settle political scores.
;;0.5228;;the son of the soil, prime minister narendramodi has given this gift to the people of gujarat.
;;0.4404;;chief minister vijay rupani also thanked pm narendramodi for providing an aiims for the state.
;;0.5719;;he said prime minister narendramodi and president of republic of korea moon jae-in share a close bond which has infused the relationship with a greater sense of purpose.
;;0.743;;you have been his pillars of strength throughout, they said, while also making a special mention of prime minister narendramodi , who had handpicked parrikar as the defence minister in 2014.
;;0.8834;;we are thankful to prime minister narendramodi for his gracious words and message of kindness.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi has taken interest in the resolution.
;;0.0772;;this fact was pointed out in a letter to prime minister narendramodi by dr d n singh, former member-secretary, central zoo authority (cza).
;;-0.4588;;bareilly: after beating prime minster narendramodi modis constituency, varanasi, bareilly has jumped to the third spot from the 69th position on state performance index.
;;0.7425;;maurya praised prime minister narendramodi and said: modiji is most powerful man in the world.
;;0.4215;;magnetically attracted to the initiative, prime minister narendramodi lauded the effort on his mann ki baat programme.
;;0.6369;;the appointments committee of the cabinet (acc), led by prime minister narendramodi , has appointed jitendra asati, a 2009-batch ies officer, as officer on special duty (osd) to minister for petroleum and natural gas and steel pradhan for a period up to october 20, 2021, the order said.
;;0.4019;;kuala lumpur: prime minister narendramodi today left for singapore after a brief halt in malaysia where he met his newly-elected malaysian counterpart mahathir mohammad and discussed ways to boost bilateral ties.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi has lost all credibility.
;;0.0772;;lunawada (panchmahal): breaking his silence on agitation by patidars for reservation, prime minister narendramodi on friday dubbed congress promise of quota to the community as mere lollipop.
;;0.9274;;the patna saheb mp, known for making his party squirm with his comments, tried to show his loyalty for the party and praise for pm narendramodi as well.
;;0.9723;;hope and pray that our dashing dynamic action hero prime minister narendramodi and our honourable president of bjp would take notice of such unparliamentary utterances of some of our party people - that too against a senior party colleague and a staunch party loyalist, sinha tweeted.
;;0.0;;while registration of participants and discussions will start on may 22, prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the meetings on may 23.
;;-0.6249;;kanpur: a day after bjp 's defeat in kairana and noorpur bypolls, up cm yogi adityanath on friday said forces backed by naxal and terrorist organisations have ganged up against prime minister narendramodi these forces are uniting against nationalist modi, who is ushering in stability and development and is committed to build a new india, yogi said in sp's stronghold etawah, where he inaugurated and laid foundation stones of projects worth rs 654 crores.
;;-0.4067;;when pointed out that deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi has not spoken anything on the issue of the children's deaths, kushwaha alleged that prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, who is also the home minister, also did not express their sorrow or grief over the loss of so many lives.
;;-0.4588;;palaniswami was addressing reporters at the bharathi house in kanyakumari on tuesday evening after taking part in the cyclone-related discussions with prime minister narendramodi the cm said that he had also urged the centre to declare cyclone ockhi a national disaster which the pm agreed to consider.
;;0.4215;;chennai: prime minister narendramodi on monday invited himself over for a treat of dosas and idlis at the house of a tamil nadu woman who is one of the beneficiaries of the ujjwala yojna, a flagship welfare scheme of his government aimed at increasing lpg cylinder coverage among poor families.
;;0.1779;;bringing 99  of products and services in the 18  +new delhi: the stage is set for a reduction in goods and services tax on 25-30 items  including air conditioners, dishwashers and digital cameras  over the weekend after prime minister narendramodi on tuesday strongly hinted at only luxury goods being in the top slab of 28 , whileor lower brackets.
;;0.6249;;attacking the bjp, he said, prime minister narendramodi indulges in rhetoric only, he said, adding the congress partys role in freedom movement and in independent india, and maintained that the congress nurtured democracy in the country.
;;-0.296;;had there been no democracy, who would have made narendramodi the prime minister?
;;0.4215;;new delhi: the time he spent in meditation at kedarnath after the elections concluded was an opportunity to meet himself after the heat and dust of polling was over, prime minister narendramodi said.
;;0.0;;yet in ai, through his old boys club, (he) has continued to serve in the same office, she said in her letter to prabhu, which was also marked to prime minister narendramodi , and sought a meeting with the minister.
;;0.8176;;i dedicate this win to prime minister narendramodi , who is celebrating his 69th birthday today, panghal said after the bout.
;;0.0;;recently, prime minister narendramodi had suggested that any decision on an ordinance on ram temple in ayodhya can happen only after the completion of the judicial process.
;;0.128;;this was at a time when prime minister narendramodi launched the skill india campaign in july 2015, that aimed to train over 40crore people in different skills by 2022.
;;0.7269;;also, approval and acceptance of prime minister narendramodi in haryana is highest in the country.
;;0.5267;;information commissioners had suggested different names, including that of chief justice of india, after prime minister narendramodi could not spare time for the event.
;;0.0;;he further said even prime minister narendramodi was aware that aiims could not be built in manethi and therefore he did not lay the foundation stone for the project.
;;0.0;;the 16-km line is expected to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi during his proposed visit to balangir on january 16.
;;0.5719;;this figure is expected to increase further later this week as the amma twowheeler subsidy scheme, inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on february 24, gains ground.
;;0.7351;;tuticorin: terming the aiadmk a puppet in the hands of prime minister narendramodi and the bjp, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury on tuesday exhorted the party cadre to pool in the maximum number of anti-bjp votes to save tamil nadu and india.
;;0.3612;;matters relating to the river ganga and its tributaries were taken out from the environment ministry in 2014 when the government under the prime minister narendramodi modis first term had made it part of the then ministry of water resources for giving focussed attention on its rejuvenation.
;;0.2023;;during an event to celebrate the wed-2018 on june 5 in new delhi, environment minister harsh vardhan, in presence of prime minister narendramodi , pledged to eliminate single-use plastics from india by 2022.
;;-0.2263;;later, the repairs were delayed following prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the city on january 9 to address a public rally.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , during his recent visit to sri lanka, had announced that india's national carrier air india would begin direct flights between colombo and the holy city of varanasi.
;;0.0;;kodnani was present at the re-launch of an ngo, global indians for bhartiya vikas (gibv) on friday, which is chaired by soma modi, the elder brother of prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.4588;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will seek to repair india's drifting partnership with russia when he meets president vladimir putin this week, amid wariness over moscow's renewed interest in new delhi's backyard, analysts say.
;;0.0;;this time, gadkari wants to get the metro inaugurated at the hands of prime minister narendramodi before the general elections are declared and hence he is getting the process fast-forwarded.
;;0.0;;if the aicc chief had called the telangana rashtra samithi (trs) the b team of the bjp, prime minister narendramodi was not far behind, terming the trs the b team of the congress.
;;-0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi raised the issue of terrorism at the sco summit in kyrgyzstan on friday, saying nations which provided encouragement, support and financial help to the menace needed to be called out.
;;0.3291;;it is a challenging task to break the popularity of prime minister narendramodi , but the efforts made by rahul gandhi resulted in the revival of congress, he adds.
;;0.5423;;after the result, prime minister narendramodi tweeted that the people of gujarat have showered blessings on bjp candidates in the elections to junagadh municipal corporation and other district and taluka panchayat elections.
;;0.8074;;ahmedabad: prime minister narendramodi , who turns 69 on tuesday, will visit the site of the gujarat 's sardar sarovar dam on the narmada river whose water level has reached its highest mark for the first time to celebrate the feat and kick off namami narmade festival.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi will launch infrastructure and housing projects worth about rs 41,000 crore in the state on tuesday, said officials on the eve of his visit.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi advises the educated youth to sell pakoras while congress has its own issues, he said.
;;0.2732;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah on friday asked party mps to reach out to the people to expose the lies of the opposition parties which have paralysed parliament for three weeks over various issues.
;;-0.8271;;most recently, the veteran actor had criticised prime minister narendramodi for accusing the congress of colluding with pakistan to defeat the bjp in gujarat.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi , who had abandoned vadodara lok sabha seat for varanasi after winning both in 2014 polls, also tweeted about the guinness record.
;;0.0;;in an interview, badal told toi that the concern has been flagged by the big retailers and she has raised it with prime minister narendramodi internationally, it's food plus other related items.
;;-0.4724;;panaji: a day after mining-affected people threatened bjp not to support the party for the lok sabha elections and the bypolls if the issue is not resolved by february 13, prime minister narendramodi finally gave an appointment to the state delegation for a meeting on wednesday.
;;0.9432;;while pawar evaded comment on media reports suggesting he could be the united candidate, the pitch for consensus may keep his chances alive since it is well known that pawar has good rapport with prime minister narendramodi and has friends in all political parties.
;;-0.743;;chief minister edappadi k palaniswami , who took part in discussions conducted by the visiting prime minister narendramodi , told reporters here on tuesday that considering the devastating impact of cyclone ockhi, the state has requested the pm to immediately sanction 747 crore from the national disaster relief fund.
;;0.4404;;jaipur: a book comprising prime minister narendramodi 's speeches on good governance during his tenure as gujarat's chief minister will be distributed among ias officers in rajasthan, a senior state official said on wednesday.
;;0.5106;;mumbai: notwithstanding the open exchange of threats between allies bjp and shiv sena about finishing the other off in the general election, prime minister narendramodi may share the dais with uddhav thackeray while laying the foundation stone for the rs 55,332 crore mumbai-nagpur super expressway.
;;0.8402;;new delhi: over two dozen dalit mps cutting across party lines including half a dozen ministers at the centre have urged the government to ensure reservation of scs and sts in private sector jobs and also in judiciary by constituting an indian judicial service on the lines of other all india services like the ias the dalit law makers, who met at a dinner hosted by union minister and lok janshakti party (ljp) chief ram vilas paswan on thursday, took the decision to meet prime minister narendramodi to push their demands.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to arrive on march 16 to inaugurate several projects - with the dam being one of them.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi meets sooronbay jeenbekov, president of kyrgyz republic at the ala archa preside.
;;-0.6486;;the accused, yogi surajnath, who describes himself as a 'bhakt' (devotee) of prime minister narendramodi on social media, was arrested from his residence in binodpur locality.
;;-0.1351;;asserting that nothing has changed for bjp after the assembly election in karnataka, where it failed to form the government despite emerging as the single largest party, he said the non-bjp parties will not succeed in their collective efforts to polarise a section of society against prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.7506;;jammu: jammu and kashmir deputy chief minister kavinder gupta on wednesday called for close coordination among various departments to ensure successful visit of prime minister narendramodi to the state later this week.
;;0.34;;last saturday, sena president uddhav thackeray shared dais with prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis in mumbai and announced that the saffron alliance for polls was inevitable.
;;0.0;;it is also the home state of prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah .
;;0.0258;;a bjp victory would spell another hurrah for prime minister narendramodi , who spearheaded the saffron party's electoral campaign in the hill state, mounting aggressive attacks on the congress for its perceived corruption and misgovernance.
;;0.3252;;on sunday, bjp president amit shah had said in lakhimpur that the sacrifices of 40 crpf jawans in j&ks pulwama will not go in vain because the centre is ruled by bjp under prime minister narendramodi and not by congress.
;;-0.4939;;be it kashmir or the northeast, our government is determined to uproot terrorism because at the centre we have the government of narendramodi and not of congress.
;;0.34;;the narendramodi government never compromises on countrys security.
;;0.4019;;surat: the federation of surat textile traders association (fostta) has urged prime minister narendramodi to form a special task force to study the impact of gst on the textile sector.
;;0.6486;;the affordable housing sector  which offers homes for low-income people in the country  gained a major boost, including tax sops, after prime minister narendramodi made this one of his governments focus areas.
;;0.4767;;yogi said that the victory in successive elections across the country have proved that the economic reforms initiated by prime minister narendramodi have been endorsed.
;;0.4019;;the opposition parties are not able to digest the fact that prime minister narendramodi , being a hindu, is thinking for muslims, lekhi said.
;;0.0;;she alleged that the gurugram police tried to frame her in a false case when she went to meet prime minister narendramodi during his rally in sultanpur in november.
;;0.7184;;new delhi: rail passengers will soon be served tea, snacks and meals in kulhads (earthen cups) and other earthenware plates at 400 major stations across the country, in keeping with the wish of prime minister narendramodi to make india free from single-use plastic.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 6, 2019jharkhand chief minister raghubar das presents a memento to prime minister narendramodi during the programme .
;;0.0;;we grew by over 100 , das said, while speaking before pm narendramodi modis address.
;;0.3818;;bjp's resolve could be gauged from the fact that prime minister narendramodi himself spearheaded the campaign.
;;-0.875;;by- americai v narayananthe recent intelligence information on an assassination plot on prime minister narendramodi in a  rajiv gandhi assassination style has coincidentally come in a week when political voices in tamil nadu have renewed their demands for the release of rajivs killers .
;;0.8271;;up is being mentored by prime minister narendramodi and we hope that this will encourage a up model of development like in gujarat , said project manager of hakuto co ltd , tomohisa higuchi.
;;0.2716;;the move, which comes at a time when china is expanding its maritime footprint in the region, was the most significant decision among a series of other pacts the two sides signed after talks between prime minister narendramodi and president joko widodo during the pms first visit to indonesia.
;;0.2263;;after announcing infrastructure projects worth rs 30 crore on friday, state pwd minister rao narbir singh on saturday said that two major projects for the gurugram district are slated to be announced by prime minister narendramodi on sunday, the last day of chief minister manohar lal khattar's jan ashirwad yatra.
;;0.296;;panaji: prahlad modi , younger brother of prime minister narendramodi , said he doesn't feel the need to join politics.
;;0.6124;;prime minister narendramodi , during his visit to the state earlier, had assured that the government would grant st status to six ethnic communities, including the adivasis, without affecting the rights of existing st communities who are opposing the governments move.
;;-0.1326;;gandhinagar: congresssman paresh dhanani , leader of opposition (lop) in the state assembly, listing more than a hundred major issues affecting gujarat that are pending with the government of india, in the assembly said that prime minister narendramodi has not resolved most of the issues that he officially raised with the upa government as chief minister of gujarat.
;;-0.4041;;most of the issues which narendramodi had representations on as cm have not been resolved and the state bjp government has completely stopped raising them, which shows their solely political motives only.
;;0.1027;;nitin patel, the deputy chief minister, responding to dhananis allegations, said, 100  credit for completion of the sardar sarovar narmada dam goes to pm narendramodi as the congress tried to stop the project for years.
;;0.4215;;on january 2, the cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi approved the proposal of ut employees' housing scheme pending since 2008.
;;-0.7906;;(ani)new delhi: defence minister rajnath singh on friday paid tribute at the national war memorial on the 20th anniversary of india's victory in the kargil war union minister of state for defence, shripad naik accompanied singh at the memorial located next to india gate in the heart of the national capital and which was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on february 24 this year.
;;-0.4588;;youth congress vice-president gunjan patel said it was youth which had given prime minister narendramodi the mandate in the general election and the same youth was the reason behind bjps defeat.
;;0.0;;new delhi: a statue of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj was among the first of the gifts and mementoes received by prime minister narendramodi to be auctioned at the national gallery of modern art on sunday.
;;0.8519;;referring to the comments made by chief minister k palaniswami at the niti aayog meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi last week, panneerselvam said he endorsed his (palaniswami's) views and expressed hope that the budget would spell out appropriate strategies, supported with substantial increase in allocation of resources.
;;-0.0258;;he lashed out at prime minister narendramodi for accusing congress leadership of hobnobbing with pakistani officials to influence the gujarat elections verdict.
;;-0.6124;;azad condemned the low level of politics by prime minister narendramodi in his gujarat election campaign.
;;0.8074;;new delhi: thousands of people braved the blazing sun on sunday morning to get a glimpse of prime minister narendramodi and greeted him with a loud cheer as soon as he arrived to inaugurate the delhi-meerut expressway .
;;0.3182;;new delhi: president ram nath kovind , prime minister narendramodi , and lok sabha speaker om birla were among leaders who paid their last respects to former external affairs minister sushma swaraj on wednesday.
;;0.6369;;bengaluru: freedom fighter hs doreswamy , who turns 100 on tuesday, said prime minister narendramodi is behaving like a dictator which has resulted in a sad state of affairs in the country.
;;0.4588;;garvi gujarat bhavangandhinagar: the newly constructed garvi gujarat bhavan, located at akbar road in the heart of new delhi, will be dedicated to the public by prime minister narendramodi on september 2 chief minister vijay rupani and cabinet ministers will attend the event in delhi.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi celebrated his 69th birthday on tuesday with his mother hira ba at her house in the outskirts of gandhinagar in gujarat .
;;0.0;;on december 16, prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the new bamrauli airport complex at prayagraj  the erstwhile allahabad.
;;-0.9001;;coimbatore: the city police have conducted raid at the house of the coimbatore bomb blast case convict, who was arrested on monday after an audio clip of his telephonic conversation with a truck contractor in which he is heard saying he was planning to kill prime minister narendramodi surfaced.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi today held discussions with his nepalese counterpart k p oli to deepen bilateral ties between the two neighbours.
;;0.0;;mumbai: in his first mann ki baat speech of 2018, prime minister narendramodi emphasised on women empowerment and highlighted the unique role of all-woman staff at matunga station.
;;0.2023;;i request prime minister narendramodi and union sports minister rajyavardhan rathore to help me, said mohan's father rajendra parmar with tears rolling down his eyes.
;;0.25;;jaipur: more than 200 women from the jhunjhunu district who underwent sterilization after the birth of daughters will get a chance to meet prime minister narendramodi on thursday.
;;0.6249;;the membership drive had started on july 6 with prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah launching it from varanasi and telangana respectively on party ideologue syama prasad mookerjee's birth anniversary.
;;0.0;;nanammal had also dined with prime minister narendramodi once.
;;-0.8689;;protesters in delhiretired civil servants also joined the protest and read out an open letter, in which they urged prime minister narendramodi to reach out to the families of the kathua and unnao rape victims.
;;0.836;;besides him, two-time former mp from kannur in kerala a p abdullakutty, who had been in cpi(m) and congress and was ousted from both parties for praising prime minister narendramodi , and tdp spokesperson lanka dinakar also joined the saffron party.
;;-0.7184;;calling on prime minister narendramodi , who was on a whirlwind tour of lakshadweep, southern tamil nadu and thiruvananthapuram, soosa pakiam, archbishop of the latin rite archdiocese of trivandrum, demanded concrete steps to address the impact of the disaster on the fishermen.
;;-0.4767;;they also welcomed prime minister narendramodi modis statement that the armed forces have been given a green signal to do whatever is necessary to avenge the killings of indian jawans and teach pakistan an unforgettable lesson.
;;0.6734;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday asked isro scientists not to get disheartened by the hurdles in the moon mission chandrayaan-2 and asserted that there will be a new dawn and better tomorrow.
;;0.0;;she echoed bhagwats views, saying, prime minister narendramodi should take bhagwats word as his command.
;;0.5574;;in september last year, prime minister narendramodi and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe launched the ambitious project, entailing a total cost of rs 1.
;;-0.1531;;co/cgf5wbfsz9  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1525493942000new delhi: launching a fresh attack on prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi on saturday questioned his silence on the bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders facing corruption charges.
;;0.25;;in fact, we were in the thick of things  unloading raw material, finalising tenders and preparing for the visit of vvips including prime minister narendramodi who was expected to inaugurate the five-day event  when news of the postponement reached us.
;;0.0;;he also said that uttarakhand was prime minister narendramodi modis priority.
;;0.0;;yediyurappa, who was in shivamogga to review the situation in the city, said he is going new delhi on august 16 to meet prime minister narendramodi to discuss the situation in the aftermath of the deluge.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi today inaugurated the first phase of the rs 7,500-crore delhi-meerut expressway that will reduce the travel time considerably.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 20, 2018prime minister narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;ahmedabad: prime minister narendramodi will address the valedictory function of the national convention of the bjp mahila morcha on saturday.
;;0.6369;;saxena said the prime minister narendramodi had assured the khadi ayog of financial support.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 13, 2018prime minister narendramodi (afp photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;new delhi: a review of india-asean ties, participation in east asia and rcep summits and a meeting with us vice-president mike pence will be among the highlights of prime minister narendramodi 's two-day visit to singapore starting wednesday.
;;0.4404;;the anubhava mantapa and its concept of democratic exchange of views shot into limelight after prime minister narendramodi mentioned it in his motion of thanks to the presidents address, in lok sabha on february 7.
;;0.0;;the churn in the political waters of the state has set some of the statements made by devegowda about prime minister narendramodi , and union home minister amit shah in a different light.
;;-0.3612;;besides approaching the apex court, phadnis has also shot off a letter to prime minister narendramodi for expunging of adverse unfounded remarks made by the kapur commission against savarkar, whose portrait was unveiled in 2003 in the central hall of parliament.
;;0.8176;;chandrapur: the citizens here were in for a pleasant surprise on sunday when prime minister narendramodi made a proud mention of the five tribal ashram school students conquering the mount everest in his mann ki baat programme.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to return to india on saturday, after his three-nation tour in east asia.
;;0.5106;;sp leader balwant singh ramoowalia said at a press conference here on sunday that if prime minister narendramodi had ever partaken in langar, he would know it was served for free.
;;-0.5574;;vijayawada: speaking at the week-long nava nirmana deeksha, which began in vijayawada on saturday, chief minister n chandrababu naidu criticised prime minister narendramodi and opposition parties for ignoring the needs of andhra pradesh the cm accused modi of betraying telugu people and giving importance to gujarat at the cost of ap.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 18, 2018prime minister narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest cityhyderabad: to step up bjp campaign in the state, prime minister narendramodi will address public meetings on december 3 and 5 in telangana.
;;-0.9349;;begusarai: prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that he shares the anger and anguish of every indian over the terrorist attack in pulwama.
;;-0.34;;this story is from january 3, 2019prime minister narendramodi lauded the bravery of 1984 riots victims.
;;0.1027;;hyderabad: after going to town about telanganas rythu bandhu scheme for farmers in the national media, telangana chief minister k chandrashekar rao will meet prime minister narendramodi to apprise him about the states flagship scheme on june 15 in new delhi.
;;0.1531;;80,000 crore kaleshwaram irrigation project, which is in its completion stage and may invite narendramodi for a commissioning programme for the project, especially since there are efforts to have the first pump house of the massive project up and running as early as july.
;;0.4019;;the meeting with narendramodi is also the first in the wake of efforts that the telangana rashtra samithi (trs) president has been making to forge an alliance of regional parties as an alternative to bjp and congress.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at an election rally in koderma on mondaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.1779;;bokaro: prime minister narendramodi on monday said people who left their homes in jharkhand due to the terror of maoists years ago are returning home due the reassuring work on law and order and development done by the bjp government in the state and at the centre in the last five years.
;;0.7096;;she thanked prime minister narendramodi , union sports minister kiren rijiju , paralympic committee of india and the sports authority of india (sai) for their continuous efforts to support the paralympic players.
;;0.7184;;pm modi (ani photo)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday announced that a grand museum dedicated to all the former prime ministers of the country will be built in delhi.
;;0.0;;manama: prime minister narendramodi on sunday held talks with his bahraini counterpart prince khalifa bin salman al khalifa during which they discussed bilateral and regional issues.
;;0.0258;;co/sp58mukn2o  pib india (@pib_india) 1526887254000sochi: prime minister narendramodi on monday arrived in russia's black sea coastal city sochi for an informal summit with president vladimir putin that will focus on pressing global and regional issues, including impact of the us withdrawal from the iran nuclear deal.
;;-0.4215;;hyderabad: in what appears to be growing confrontation between the trs and the bjp ahead of next year's elections, the saffron party on tuesday took to the streets to protest chief minister k chandrasekhar rao 's criticism of prime minister narendramodi at a public meeting in karimnagar.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi said even before the budget that there should be affordable housing for everyone by 2022.
;;0.0;;co/tlrbsmgexl  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1561789729000osaka: prime minister narendramodi on saturday left for home after concluding his three-day visit to japan where he attended the g20 summit and met with the world leaders including us president donald trump during his stay in osaka, modi took part in a series of summit sessions, bilateral and multilateral meetings.
;;0.3612;;bengaluru: calling it a blatant lie, chief minister hd kumaraswamy on saturday refuted the allegation levelled by prime minister narendramodi , who said the karnataka cm worked like a clerk in the jd(s)-congress coalition government.
;;0.0;;amarinder singh (@capt_amarinder) 1520089385000new delhi: punjab's congress chief minister amarinder singh took to twitter to scold prime minister narendramodi for frivolous statements and for attempting to drive a wedge between him and his party.
;;0.3818;;he also noted that india is well on the path of fulfilling all the commitments made by the prime minister of india narendramodi , at the chogm 2018 much before the next chogm in 2020, according to the official communique.
;;0.3612;;co/cliq1fjkmp  amit shah (@amitshah) 1520398937000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday condemned in the strongest terms the vandalism of statues reported from states like tripura and tamil nadu over the last few days.
;;0.0;;bengaluru: prime minister narendramodi will be in the city to witness live, chandrayaan-2 's landing module ' vikram ' trying to pull off a historic soft-landing on the lunar surface in the early hours of saturday.
;;-0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi will arrive in bengaluru on september 6 and will view the chandrayaan landing during the wee hours on september 7 at isro telemetry, tracking and command network (istrac) near peenya, and will leave for mumbai on the same day, karnataka government's official release said.
;;0.4019;;the family has now appealed to prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj to intervene and help bring nayaz home.
;;0.0;;mangaluru: it was a brief halt but namma kudla found its way to prime minister narendramodi modis heart  through the traditional breakfast that he preferred over gujarati fare.
;;-0.4939;;co/qc8eae7iqf  inc sandesh (@incsandesh) 1519878987000new delhi: in protest against the government, senior congress leaderhas refused to attend a lokpal selection meeting to be chaired by prime minister narendramodi today.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi does not interfere with anybodys business.
;;0.7717;;ayodhya is known because of maryada purushottam sri ram, yogi stressed as he praised prime minister narendramodi for working to revive the glory of the city.
;;0.743;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted: it is a matter of immense joy and pride that mrs. kim jung-sook, first lady of the republic of korea visited ayodhya and also wore traditional indian clothing.
;;0.0;;vice president mike pence had raised this issue during his meeting with prime minister narendramodi in november.
;;0.4019;;making an announcement in this regard at a function in satara on february 24, chief minister devendra fadnavis said, following the concept announced by prime minister narendramodi in 2014, 37 police stations and offices of satara district have gone smart.
;;0.5423;;referring to prime minister narendramodi 's recent address, he emphasised that peace and prosperity were on their way to the state.
;;0.5106;;for one, there is increased focus on transparency in the corporate sector, which went up further after prime minister narendramodi spoke last july at an icai event and questioned their integrity.
;;0.34;;co/krktd06mnq  delhi metro rail corporation (@officialdmrc) 1565688232000new delhi: multi-layered security arrangements are in place for the 73rd independence day celebrations at the red fort, from where prime minister narendramodi will address the nation on august 15, officials said on tuesday.
;;-0.2586;;(ap)mahasamund/ chhindwara : continuing his tirade against congress over appointment of someone outside of the nehru-gandhi family as party chief, prime minister narendramodi on sunday claimed that dalit leader sitaram kesri was not allowed to complete his term and was thrown out of office to the footpath to make way for sonia gandhi addressing an election rally on the last day of electioneering in chhattisgarh , the pm said four generations of gandhi family ruled the country but did nothing to help the people.
;;0.128;;peru is a founder member of the international solar alliance which was launched by prime minister narendramodi at the 2015 un climate change conference in paris.
;;0.0;;the karnataka governor has encountered the constitution at the behest of prime minister narendramodi and amit shah, congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said.
;;0.128;;sources said prime minister narendramodi is likely to inaugurate the project and may also hold a public meeting in baghpat on may 10, a major controversy had broken out after the supreme court directed nhai to open the 135-km road before this month end.
;;0.8402;;riding on the popularity of prime minister narendramodi , sakshi maharaj says he is confident of a repeat of 2014 as he claims the support of nearly five lakh lodhs, a caste he belongs to.
;;0.0;;the issue of india's haj quota was discussed during prime minister narendramodi 's bilateral talks with crown prince of saudi arabia mohammed bin salman.
;;-0.4767;;he blamed prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah for creating confusion in karnataka.
;;-0.765;;gurugram: undeterred by his debacle in the jind bypoll, congress leader randeep surjewala on sunday launched a scathing attack on bjp governments at the centre and in haryana, claiming people were angry with prime minister narendramodi and chief minister manohar lal khattar as they had failed to fulfil their poll promises.
;;0.4215;;asked about pu's centenary celebrations, the vc said an invitation will be sent to prime minister narendramodi and education minister prakash javedekar in a day or two to grace the event.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 21, 2018prime minister narendramodi (ap)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4754;;ahmedabad: the most popular coinage by prime minister narendramodi after he undertook the sadbhavna mission as gujarat chief minister in 2011, was sabka sath, sabka vikas.
;;0.4019;;the maiden session of 17th lok sabha commenced on monday with prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi, defence minister rajnath singh, home minister amit shah and transport and highways minister nitin gadkari among the prominent membes who took oath on the first day.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with us president donald trump.
;;0.7003;;(pti)osaka: donald trump had a productive discussion with prime minister narendramodi on topics like iran, 5g and national security during their meeting here, the us president's daughter and top adviser ivanka trump has said as she described india as a critical trading partner, security partner and ally of america.
;;0.0;;surat: navsari mp cr paatils announcement that surat-sharjah inaugural flight will be flagged off by prime minister narendramodi on january 30 has left the senior officials at surat airport guessing.
;;0.0;;talking with toi, navsari mp cr paatil said, pm narendramodi is coming to surat to flag off the inaugural flight between surat and sharjah on january 30.
;;-0.296;;the gag order was relaxed by the court earlier this year with a limited restriction that prime minister narendramodi not be mentioned in the report.
;;0.6124;;according to him, sanitary workers are playing a vital role in prime minister narendramodi modis dream project swachh bharat.
;;0.7269;;new delhi: stay fit, play games but do not forget the traditional sports, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday, highlighting the role of physical and mental fitness for all-round development.
;;0.0;;shah also drew attention to prime minister narendramodi 's ' act east policy '.
;;0.0;;in his letter to the cm, he pointed out that at the january 10 cabinet meeting, it was announced that all clearances will be given in a week and prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the project.
;;0.0;;for the first time, four employees, including a physically challenged female employee have reached new delhi where they will be given keys of their new cars by prime minister narendramodi , who will later address the employees of shri hari krishna exports through video conferencing at the event organised at the companys headquarters in varachha on thursday.
;;0.0;;haryana remembered sir chhotu ram with prime minister narendramodi unveiling a 64-foot statue of the peasant leader at his native village in rohtak district, a much-awaited kundli-manesar-palwal expressway was thrown open to public, bahadurgarh got the metro train, student polls were held after gap of two decades and mayors were picked through direct elections for the first time.
;;0.3182;;akhilesh went on to hold prime minister narendramodi and cm yogi adityanath responsible for the lawlessness in up.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi is likely to launch the campaign against single use plastic (sup) on september 11 from mathura sources said the government is also likely to come out with a detailed description of what all constitute sup.
;;-0.4767;;bengaluru: after sending postcards to prime minister narendramodi raising their demands, iisc research scholars have now shot of a letter to the pm, urging him to address the issue of the poor stipend they are being paid.
;;0.0;;the meeting comes days after prime minister narendramodi delivered the keynote address at the shangri-la dialogue, where he articulated india's indo-pacific policy.
;;-0.8779;;kolkata: the centre sought a detailed report on the panchayat polls yet again on wednesday, a day after prime minister narendramodi took serious note of the violence hit polls, calling it a murder of democracy on tuesday.
;;0.2023;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi 's two-day meet with chinese president xi jinping is widely being seen as a significant thaw as far as the relation between the two asian powerhouses is concerned.
;;0.0;;the government in 2018 had set up an executive committee under the chairpersonship of prime minister narendramodi to spread mahatma gandhi's legacy among the people at the national and international level.
;;-0.8625;;owaisi asked whether prime minister narendramodi would call those who killed ansari terrorists.
;;0.9246;;this story is from november 20, 2018file photo of prime minister narendramodi (pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday unveiled the ease of doing business grand challenge aimed at attracting innovative ideas on artificial intelligence , internet of things, big data analytics, blockchain and other cutting edge technology to reform government processes.
;;0.4404;;she added that the mindset towards the para-athletes has changed a lot in the country and thanked prime minister narendramodi for advocating 'sabka saath sabka vikas'.
;;-0.3182;;before making the announcement, sivan got up from his seat and briefed prime minister narendramodi , who came to visit the moon landing to the isro centre, about the communication loss.
;;0.743;;gandhinagar: tata group's outgoing chairman ratan tata introduced his successor cyrus mistry to gujarat chief minister narendramodi in gandhinagar on thursday and is learnt to have discussed to renegotiate power purchase agreement (ppa) with the state government for its mundra umpp (ultra mega power project).
;;0.1027;;co/omyxhvanmv  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1520062268000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi and vietnamese president tran dai quang on saturday discussed ways to enhance cooperation in key areas of defence and trade.
;;-0.7845;;the sit should instead conduct a narco test on a journalist who is accused of planning to eliminate a pro-hindu writer and also a dalit leader from gujarat for conspiring to kill prime minister narendramodi , he added.
;;0.4019;;chennai: a proposal to purchase 500 electric buses for chennai city is among the wish list presented by chief minister edappadi k palanisamy to prime minister narendramodi at madurai on sunday when the foundation for the aiims centre was laid.
;;-0.7003;;union minister prakash javadekar accused chidambaram of insulting the self-employed people with his pakoda jibe and said congress had to pay a heavy price for running down a chaiwala, a reference to prime minister narendramodi modis background.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi was one of the first to offer condolences for the loss of the 60-year-old who had been the architect of bjps resurrection in madhya pradesh since 2003.
;;0.128;;co/va6nfg7fye  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1567668170000vladivostock: prime minister narendramodi on thursday visited the india business pavilion here and launched an indo-russian online platform, to bridge the gap between indian and russian startup ecosystems.
;;-0.6833;;during his israel visit july last year, prime minister narendramodi had visited this war memorial.
;;0.802;;horatti told reporters that he would discuss the farmers concerns with opposition leader in the legislative assembly jagadish shettar and impress upon him the need to hold discussions with party leaders to clarify whether the saffron party can prevail upon prime minister narendramodi to intervene in the mahadayi dispute and resolve it.
;;-0.128;;jaipur: prime minister narendramodi on thursday will announce the expansion of ' beti bachao beti padhao ' (bbbp) programme from the existing 161 to 640 districts all over the country and launch the national nutrition mission on the occasion of international women's day, in jhujhunu recently, jhunjhunu attained a remarkable achievement from having the worst sex ratio at birth among rajasthan districts to attaining minimum gender gap.
;;-0.4767;;on the occasion, the congress leader said that fake degree issue had started with prime minster narendramodi , union minister smriti irani, abvp chief of delhi university ankiv baisoya and now rao narbir singh was also involved in this.
;;-0.128;;new delhi: as soon as the lok sabha assembled on wednesday morning, congress leader of the house adhir ranjan chowdhury raised demand for the presence of prime minister narendramodi in the house and a statement from him on the kashmir mediation issue.
;;-0.2023;;new delhi: chief minister arvind kejriwal, who is also the delhi jal board chairman, has written to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention in convincing haryana to increase the amount of water being released for the wazirabad treatment plant to avert a crisis in ndmc areas and central delhi next month.
;;0.0;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest cityjaipur : ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to ajmer on october 6, the district administration constructed three helipads on a pasture land meant for the resting place for camels in pushkar normally, a single temporary helipad is made during visit of the president and the pm.
;;0.888;;new delhi: japanese premier shinzo abe on sunday said prime minister narendramodi was one of his most dependable friends and together with the indian leader, he would like to strengthen bilateral cooperation to realise a free and open indo-pacific.
;;-0.9081;;rajkot: former prime minister manmohan singh on thursday attacked prime minister narendramodi on the issue of demonetisation calling it a disastrous move for the economy and demanded that all documents and files related to the note ban be made public and made available for scrutiny of parliamentary committee.
;;0.1027;;anti-tank guided missile (atgm) nag +bengaluru: in line with prime minister narendramodi modis privatisation in defence sector policy, india is now ready to transfer crucial technology of its third generationto private industry.
;;-0.4767;;the trinamool congress (tmc) chief had also dared prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah to get him arrested.
;;0.5423;;singh urgently wants prime minister narendramodi 's government to provide debt relief, better prices for his crops and jobs for his sons when it unveils the annual fiscal budget on february 1.
;;0.4019;;he says while promising moon for the minorities, trs chief k chandrasekhar rao was meeting the bjp leadership, including gujarat chief minister narendramodi , even before the results of 2009 elections were out.
;;0.0;;beijing: prime minister narendramodi on monday congratulated chinese president xi jinping on his re-election for a second five-year term, saying he looks forward to work with him to further develop sino-india relations.
;;0.4767;;punjab chief minister amarinder singh has written to prime minister narendramodi seeking rs 1,000 crore for flood relief.
;;0.1779;;on the issue of an all-party delegation calling on prime minister narendramodi to press him to constitute the board immediately, the meeting resolved to get dmk working president m k stalin to work on it.
;;0.4939;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday invoked the vision of an 'evergreen revolution' in farm sector while exhorting the scientific and technological community to explore possibilities of creating agriculture clusters on the pattern of industrial clusters where different areas in the country can be identified with particular crops.
;;0.7096;;new delhi: the government has been working to free the housing sector of corruption and middlemen to ensure people get their own houses without hassle, prime minister narendramodi said today.
;;-0.2263;;bjp leader mukul roy apprised prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah about the incident, demanding a cbi enquiry.
;;-0.0516;;guwahati: putting on a brave face against opposition to the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2016, bjp on saturday said concrete steps to check illegal migration from bangladesh have been taken under prime minister narendramodi it was after modi came to power that the land-swap deal with bangladesh paved the way for sealing the indo-bangla border.
;;0.128;;it was launched on the sidelines of the un climate change conference during the prime minister narendramodi modis visit to paris in november 2015.
;;-0.5106;;thiruvananthapuram: chief minister pinarayi vijayan will take up the matter of releasing fr tom uzhunnalil, who has been held captive by terror outfit islamic state , with prime minister narendramodi in an upcoming meeting.
;;-0.4215;;but in varanasi, which witnessed a mega show of 'ganga darshan' by the french president emmanuel macron with the prime minister narendramodi just four days back on march 12, it remained a low-key affair on the inaugural day as no major activities were seen on friday.
;;-0.7717;;siddaramaiah hit out at prime minister narendramodi , taking a dig at the centres failure in apprehending the pnb fraudsters.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: aam aadmi party on sunday hit out at prime minister narendramodi after delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal was not invited for the inauguration of botanical garden (noida) to kalkaji section of delhi metros magenta line.
;;0.2748;;taking prime minister narendramodi modis remark that selling pakoras is also a kind of employment very seriously, three engineer friends from bhandara district of maharashtra are doing just that albeit with a different indian snack.
;;-0.4767;;though nitishs jd(u) felt a bit slighted after prime minister narendramodi refused to oblige the cms plea from the stage for central university status to patna university at its centenary celebration function in october last year, his government, known for a secular image, strongly differed with alliance partner bjp over the reason behind the murder of a saffron party workers father in darbhanga district.
;;0.0258;;addressing party workers and locals, sonkar said  following the pulwama terror attack, prime minister narendramodi had assured countrymen that our forces would be giving a befitting reply and today, our forces have taught them a strict lesson.
;;0.0;;ever since the countrys longest rail-cum-road bridge, connecting dibrugarh and dhemaji, was thrown open by prime minister narendramodi on december 25, an estimated 25 to 30 thousand people have come to visit the bridge on a daily basis.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi has last month commissioned the first of the six scorpene-class submarine kalvari into the indian navy and said its induction was a big step in the country's defence preparedness.
;;-0.7269;;nagpur: bharatiya republican party bahujan mahasangh chief prakash ambedkar on thursday said he was falsely implicated by the rss and the bjp in a fake case of alleged plot to kill prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.7184;;his rapport with opposition leaders was such that during the debate on demonetisation in 2016 in rajya sabha, then samajwadi party mp naresh agarwal in the presence of prime minister narendramodi had said he did not take even then finance minister jaitley into confidence.
;;-0.8442;;new delhi: a day after crossborder firing killed four army men including a major, congress accused prime minister narendramodi of lacking a pakistan policy, saying it was time the bjp leader told the country why he visited pakistan two years ago.
;;-0.7845;;vijayawada: angered over prime minister narendramodi modis accusation of misuse of funds given to ap, chief minister n chandrababu naidu has decided to intensify his fight against the corrupt bjp and autocratic modi at the national level.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , in a letter written in response to a congratulatory message from his pakistani counterpart imran khan after the lok sabha polls, had called for early operationalisation of the kartarpur corridor.
;;-0.4215;;soon after notification, thousands of engineers, especially from undivided dakshina kannada district, did a campaign on twitter, where they appealed to peoples representatives and union ministers including prime minister narendramodi , but got no response.
;;-0.4939;;the chief minister said he would likely to meet prime minister narendramodi on thursday to seek financial aid and that a survey is underway to assess the damage.
;;0.6597;;he taunted prime minister narendramodi and the bjp, saying, vaade kam, kaam zyada (less promises, more work) is what the congress swears by unlike the bjp which only makes false promises.
;;0.0;;the supply of cng began at two petrol pumps  on bypass road and rukanpura  in patna, two days after the inauguration of the city gas distribution (cgd) system by prime minister narendramodi in begusarai on 17th february.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi seems to have restricted himself to words.
;;0.0;;panaji: prime minister narendramodi met a state delegation on wednesday over the resumption of mining in goa and said he would look for a resolution to restart operations.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan have been working for the poor.
;;0.0;;lucknow: union minister smriti irani visited congress chief rahul gandhis bastion amethi on sunday to take stock of the preparations for prime minister narendramodi modis visit there on march 3.
;;-0.128;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday said access to medicines is a big concern for the poor and his government's constant endeavour is to ensure affordable healthcare for every indian.
;;0.7425;;new delhi: one of the most popular indian cartoon character ' chhota bheem ' has been inspired by prime minister narendramodi 's swachh bharat movement.
;;0.128;;the swacch bharat abhiyan, a scheme by prime minister narendramodi was launched five years back.
;;0.4939;;the app has been titled as chhota bheem swachh bharat ru, where the cartoon character can be seen holding a broom while standing next to prime minister narendramodi and his friend.
;;0.6705;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi and his nepalese counterpart k p sharma oli today held extensive deliberations covering entire expanse of bilateral relationship and vowed to boost ties in key areas of defence and security, connectivity and trade.
;;0.0;;the memorandum will then be submitted to prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.0956;;hyderabad: bjp national general secretary ram madhav on saturday took a dig at the attempts made by various political parties to form a tent and front to oppose prime minister narendramodi as individually they have realised that they cannot win against him.
;;0.0;;chennai: prime minister narendramodi is likely to inaugurate the chennai-madurai tejas express on march 1, southern railway officials told toi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;with that question to prime minister narendramodi , us president donald trump put the spotlight firmly on the nba's india debut next month where the organisers are expecting a full house.
;;0.25;;he also challenged prime minster narendramodi to dissolve the parliament, and face the people in the elections, speaking on the occasion of the party's diamond jubilee celebrations held at its headquarters in darussalam.
;;0.2023;;52nd african development bank (afdb) meet in gujarat's gandhinagar +new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said that africa is top priority for india's foreign and economic policy and there isn't a single african country which hasn't been visited by an indian minister.
;;0.0;;he pointed out that even prime minister narendramodi appoints a cabinet colleague to address administrative issues while he is travelling.
;;0.3612;;chennai: hours before prime minister narendramodi modis visit to tirupur in tamil nadu to launch various schemes and to take part in a public meeting, hashtags like #gobackmodi and #tnwelcomesmodi started trending on twitter.
;;0.4767;;this story is from october 21, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityvisakhapatnam: chief minister n. chandrababu appears to have upped the ante against the prime minister narendramodi led nda government by requesting an immediate assistance of rs.1,200 crore for the relief and rehabilitation of the two districts ravaged by titli , political observers said on saturday.
;;0.5106;;pm modi (ani photo)(with inputs from pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the first 100 days of new nda government have been of development, trust and big changes in the country.
;;0.5423;;new delhi: palestinian president mahmoud abbas arrived here on sunday on a four-day visit during which he will hold extensive talks with prime minister narendramodi on key bilateral, regional and international issues, including the middle east peace process.
;;-0.1779;;hyderabad: telangana bjp president k laxman demanded an apology from chief minister k chandrasekhar rao for his 'derogatory' remarks against prime minister narendramodi at a public meeting in karimnagar two days ago.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi modis administration now is pivoting toward promoting evs in public transportation and fleet operations  primarily, two- and three-wheelers, taxis and buses.
;;-0.2263;;kathiria had in october 2017 written to prime minister narendramodi demanding that a ministry gau mantralaya  be set up for cow protection.
;;0.2617;;sounding a poll budge, prime minister narendramodi at a public meeting in rohtak on sunday not only presented his government's report card in the first 100 days of governance but also praised the manohar lal khattar-led government for fighting corruption and nepotism.
;;-0.0258;;he told reporters here on tuesday that prime minister narendramodi had been determined to give a a fitting reply for the pulwama terror attack, which had been achieved with outstanding expertise by the iaf.
;;-0.5267;;in the threatening videos recovered from them, nia has found clippings of prime minister narendramodi , senior bjp leaders, l k advani, rajnath singh, gen (retd) v k singh, vhp leader praveen togadia, and pictures of embassies of us, russia, france, israel and myanmar.
;;0.6597;;once people of india decide to do something, there is no force that can prevent them from getting the desired results, said prime minister narendramodi emphasising how the commitment was fulfilled four years in advance.
;;0.4404;;washington: the white house has given a thumbs up to last week's meeting between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping , saying it was a good thing that the world leaders were getting along.
;;0.4927;;and i am very pleased today to come in the aftermath of the wuhan summit where the consensus between our leaders on global and regional issues has expanded, he said, referring to the summit meeting between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi.
;;0.4215;;sonia gandhi (ani photo)congress president smt sonia gandhi has extended her greetings to prime minister, shri narendramodi on his birthda https://t.
;;0.4215;;co/mann4zqe6z  congress (@incindia) 1568694852000new delhi: congress president sonia gandhi on tuesday extended greetings to prime minister narendramodi on his 69th birthday.
;;0.4215;;congress president smt sonia gandhi has extended her greetings to prime minister, shri narendramodi on his birthday.
;;-0.3182;;belagavi/mysuru: sitavva jodatti, an activist who was conferred the padma shri for her struggle to eradicate devadasi culture for the past two decades, and darshan, a mysuru resident, found mention in prime minister narendramodi 's 'mann ki baat' on sunday.
;;0.0;;congress leader rahul gandhi, who represents the wayanad lok sabha seat from kerala, spoke to prime minister narendramodi on the floods and sought aid.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and chief minister shivraj singh chouhan have addressed rallies in the constituency.
;;0.0;;mumbai: with the budget session of parliament set to begin on february 1, muslim women have written a letter to prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi urging them to collaborate to bring about a law against triple talaq (talaq-e-bidat).
;;0.0;;co/dy09dx7ozg  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1566743033000france: prime minister narendramodi arrives in biarritz for the #g7summit.
;;0.0;;co/dqqpdkqiou  ani (@ani) 1566742727000biarritz: prime minister narendramodi on sunday arrived in france to attend the g7 summit where he will speak on burning global issues of environment, climate and digital transformation and also meet the world leaders.
;;0.0;;new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee is scheduled to meet prime minister narendramodi here on wednesday, according to state secretariat sources in kolkata.
;;0.2732;;co/zxakhm1ygg  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1563866825000new delhi: donald trump's stunning claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue triggered a massive political row on tuesday even as the government asserted that no such request was made to the us president and all issues will have to be resolved with islamabad bilaterally.
;;0.1531;;this story is from december 17, 2018raebareli/allahabad: prime minister narendramodi on sunday recalled supersession of three senior sc judges who had, through the verdict in the keshavananda bharathi case in 1973, ruled that while a government can amend the fundamental rights, it cannot change the basic structure and nature of the constitution.
;;0.0;;ric informal meetopensus-india bilateraljai trilateralinformal brics meetingbilateral with kingdom of saudi arabianew delhi: prime minister narendramodi arrived in japan on thursday for the g20 summit in osaka.
;;0.5574;;jodhpur: at a time when the issue of triple talaq is being debated in and outside the supreme court , a muslim woman from the city has appealed to prime minister narendramodi to abolish this system with immediate effect.
;;-0.8834;;without naming any country, the five leaders -- including prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping -- reiterated that it is the responsibility of all states to prevent financing of terrorist networks and of terrorist actions from their territories.
;;-0.4215;;he has put the onus on prime minister narendramodi to invite him to do so despite new delhis strenuous rejection of his earlier overture and its reiteration that kashmir was a strictly bilateral matter between india and pakistan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi along with brics nations' leaders on the sidelines of g20 summit in osaka on frid.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi , russian president vladimir putin , chinese president xi jinping , south african president cyril ramaphosa and brazil president michel temer met here on the sidelines of the g-20 summit and exchanged views on international political, security and global economic-financial issues, as well as challenges facing sustainable development.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi has shown an empty hand to the people of the state, he said, and alleged that ysrc chief jaganmohan reddy and janasena chief pawan kalyan are conspiring against the tdp and trying to weaken the party.
;;0.0;;new delhi: despite bilateral trade going down and russia increasingly aligning itself with china, india is doggedly pursuing bilateral relations with prime minister narendramodi set to hold the 18th annual summit with russian president vladimir putin in st petersburg during his fournation tour, starting monday .
;;0.7845;;prime minister narendramodi acted through his public comments on saturday to set the party line and quell any ambiguity over bjps response to the protests in favour of the accused irrespective of the communal fault-lines in jammu, where the party has consolidated its electoral support since the 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.5267;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday set the goal to achieve social justice in india.
;;0.0;;kollam: prime minister narendramodi opened kollam bypass in the presence of chief minister pinarayi vijayan and governor p sathasivam on tuesday.
;;0.765;;bishkek: prime minister narendramodi on friday called for greater cooperation among the sco countries in combatting terrorism, promoting economy, alternate energy and healthcare as he outlined india's commitment to peace and economic prosperity in the region.
;;-0.8442;;new delhi: a man has been nabbed for allegedly calling up the police control room and threatening to kill prime minister narendramodi .
;;-0.8225;;ahmedabad: what was the explosive yellow powder seized from ishrat jahan and three others allegedly sent to blow up chief minister narendramodi in a suicide attack?
;;0.6597;;lucknow: prime minister narendramodi will be calling 20 party mlas on their phone for a ground report from the state, even as bjp national president amit shah will be here on wednesday, meeting up chief minister yogi adityanath , two deputy chief ministers and office-bearers of the party.
;;0.2579;;trichy: opposition parties in the state will not allow prime minister narendramodi to enter tamil nadu if the bjp government at the centre goes ahead with the mekedatu reservoir project across cauvery river in karnataka, dmk president m k stalin said here on tuesday.
;;0.0;;on december 25, prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated the 12.
;;0.0;;stockholm: prime minister narendramodi has arrived in sweden for a two-day visit as he kicks off a trip that also will take him to britain pm modi landed monday at stockholm arlanda airport accompanied by a business delegation.
;;-0.5267;;ahmedabad: taking a dig at the ruling bjp government, congress leaders slammed chief minister narendramodi accusing him of ignoring the issues of common man in the state.
;;0.296;;this (agriculture) is an area where india and the bank can fruitfully join hands, prime minister narendramodi said while formally opening the 52nd african development bank's (afdb) annual event on tuesday.
;;-0.4215;;the father-daughter duo has approached everyone  from chief minister yogi adityanath to prime minister narendramodi  but to no avail.
;;0.296;;mumbai: days after prime minister narendramodi laid the foundation stone for the navi mumbai international airport , a public interest litigation was mentioned before the bombay high court that has claimed that the conditions for starting the project have not been met.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had told a goa delegation on february 7 that he would look for a resolution to restart mining operations.
;;0.0772;;earlier today, sitharaman had stated that the government-led by prime minister narendramodi has taken landmark steps in its second term for india to emerge as a $5 trillion economy in the next five years amid a domestic and global slowdown.
;;-0.3089;;bolpur: the desikottam, visva-bharatis highest accolade, will not be awarded by its chancellor, prime minister narendramodi during its friday convocation.
;;-0.296;;former pm manmohan singh accused prime minister narendramodi of messing up the economy with jumla policies while chidambaram asked what the heck have you been doing in the last four years, as congress tore into bjp regime over mismanagement of economy.
;;0.4404;;the document, a part of the 100 day-plan being prepared by union ministries on the direction of prime minister narendramodi , lays down the vision for the national transporter for the next three months.
;;0.3612;;the move will ensure that manual scavenging ends and the workers dont face any financial problems, gehlot said, adding that prime minister narendramodi is trying everything to fulfill the dreams of mahatma gandhi , b r ambedkar and deendayal upadhyaya he added that manual scavenging was banned in india though a legislation and the law was to be implemented throughout the country by december 2014.
;;0.0;;the membership drive was kicked off by prime minister narendramodi in varanasi earlier in the day.
;;-0.0711;;he also said that prime minister narendramodi does not have political wisdom like sardar patel and nehru .
;;0.3612;;if prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah are like lord krishna and arjun, then who are pandavas.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi recently lectured bjp legislators to show up more often.
;;0.34;;new delhi: from cheering when prime minister narendramodi made a reference to a popular mobile game, pubg , to nodding at the points discussed for steps taken by the pm for tackling depression, children at delhi schools gave all their attention to the live telecast of pariksha par charcha in their schools.
;;0.1027;;the defence industrial corridor, one of the two announced by prime minister narendramodi at up investors summit in february this year, will pass through six districts, agra , aligarh, jhansi, chitrakoot, kanpur and lucknow.
;;-0.296;;amethi: congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday accused prime minister narendramodi of halting projects in amethi , his lok sabha constituency.
;;0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi congratulated foreign minister sushma swaraj and mea officials as well as salve, who successfully put forward india's case in the world court.
;;0.2732;;as per the reports, thei, almostbhopal: on his 69th birthday, when prime minister narendramodi exhilarated to witness river narmada water touching a historic 138 meters in sardar sarovar dam , two cabinet ministers of congress-led kamal nath government unhappily alleged that the dam was fully filled before schedule to make pm modi's birthday memorable.
;;-0.8625;;new delhi: union road transport and shipping minister nitin gadkari has threatened to take legal action against anti-social elements after former jnu students union president shehla rashid made derogatory allegations against rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) and the minister relating to prime minister narendramodi i would be taking legal action on anti-social elements who have made bizarre comments; attributing personal motives to me, regarding the assassination threat to pm @narendramodi, the minister tweeted hours after rashids tweet, which created a storm in the social media.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: in their fourth meeting in a year, prime minister narendramodi and south african president cyril ramaphosa on friday set in motion a result-oriented plan of action to take forward bilateral relations in defence and security and trade and investment.
;;0.0;;the letter also has a logo of government of india and a photograph of prime m minister narendramodi describing the digital india concept.
;;0.5927;;he said the next lok sabha polls would be contested under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi but it would be better if the nda constituents took a decision on seat-sharing soon.
;;0.128;;his party colleague and rajya sabha mp, sanjay singh, lodged a complaint against prime minister narendramodi at the north avenue police station.
;;0.0;;a day ago, kharge sent a two-page note of dissent to prime minister narendramodi on shuklas appointment, pointing out that the 1983-batch ips officer does not have experience of handling anti-corruption cases.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi , who is in spain as part of his visit to europe, condemned the attack.
;;0.5106;;union minister for environment, forest and climate change prakash javadekar said india, under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , was taking decisive steps in achieving nationally determined contributions (ndcs), which is the heart of the 2015 paris pact.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has given a target to union power ministry to provide power connections to all households by march 2019.
;;0.765;;the success rate was better than that of prime minister narendramodi in these states, it is being claimed.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi had this month in a letter to his counterpart imran khan said that india remained committed to early operationalization of the corridor and that the indian government wanted it to remain open throughout the year.
;;-0.5106;;new delhi: congress on wednesday broke its vow of silence on pulwama and launched a scathing attack on prime minister narendramodi for his outreach to saudi arabia crown prince mohammed bin salman.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 30, 2018arvind kejriwal (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: chief minister arvind kejriwal on thursday hit out at prime minister narendramodi and his government after the centre granted sanction to the cbi to prosecute health minister satyendar jain in a disproportionate assets case .
;;0.3818;;the chief minister is expected to meet prime minister narendramodi on tuesday with a request to ensure that appropriate changes are made to the presidential order for implementation of cabinet decisions including the new zonal system, local status and 95  reservations in the zonal system in telangana.
;;0.0772;;the removal of the 1979 batch ut cadre ips officer alok verma, at loggerheads with the government and agencys supervising authority cvc, by a high-powered selection committee led by prime minister narendramodi , means that his hasty reversal of transfers of officers considered close to him will be undone again.
;;0.0;;5 lakh jobs, prime minister narendramodi announced at the up investors summit here on wednesday.
;;0.0;;describing the two-day up investors summit as the foundation for building a new uttar pradesh, prime minister narendramodi said the corridor would open up development in the state by linking the agra, aligarh, jhansi and chitrakoot belts.
;;0.0;;when chief minister shivraj singh chouhan met prime minister narendramodi in amarkantak on may 15, the cm was armed with all the information related to compensation for resettlement and rehabilitation of the project-hit.
;;0.9081;;new delhi: bjp 's newly appointed working president j p nadda monday said he will work to strengthen the party as its worker and thanked prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah for reposing faith in him.
;;0.0258;;west bengal assembly had passed a resolution'bengal' in english, 'bangla' in bengalinew delhi/ kolkata: the centre wednesday informed rajya sabha that it has not yet given its nod to change the name of west bengal to 'bangla' as proposed by the state government following which chief minister mamata banerjee dashed off a letter to prime minister narendramodi for expediting the matter.
;;0.4767;;new delhi, oct 21 () prime minister narendramodi will attend monday the fourth edition of the niti lecture series focussed on 'leveraging artificial intelligence for inclusive growth', according to an official statement.
;;0.0;;jaishankar said in partnership with the indian diaspora, prime minister narendramodi addressed events in san jose in 2015 and madison square in new york in 2014, and the september 22 event at houston will be the third.
;;0.2023;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that centre was taking initiatives to develop infrastructure for buddhist tourism in an attempt to connect southeast asia to the important buddhist sites in the country.
;;0.5106;;before he spoke, prime minister narendramodi said he appreciates abdullahs work towards deradicalisation.
;;0.2732;;aurangabad ( maharashtra ): stating that the government is committed to improving the condition of the women through various means, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday that a new big mission has begun which directly affects all the women in the country.
;;0.0;;once a close ally of prime minister narendramodi , togadia fell apart with him on the temple issue.
;;0.0;;texas too has a large indian population and prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to address a community rally in houston on september 22.
;;0.8271;;farmers, who are beneficiaries of the pm-kisan scheme, can also enroll for this schemegandhinagar: prime minister narendramodi modis ambitious pm kisan maandhan yojana ( pm-kmy ) scheme, may not get much traction in gujarat , due to the many restrictions on selection of beneficiaries, according to senior officers of the state government.
;;0.0;;following the pmo's directive, the town panchayat immediately conducted a survey of the particular road, which the resident had mentioned in his letter to narendramodi , sent on march 17, 2017.
;;0.0;;it was a young engineer s sagar, who had written to prime minister narendramodi , requesting to develop the road between kondana -madooru junction and sri sai baba mandira in the town panchayat.
;;0.1531;;the process of tenders is complete, and now the work of developing the road has begun, he said, thanking prime minister narendramodi for responding to his letter.
;;0.6249;;as a matter of fact, the air pollution in delhi has reduced by 25 per cent with the opening of the eastern and western peripheral expressways in delhi, thanks to prime minister narendramodi and union road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari, tiwari saidthe two expressways keep out nearly 60,000 heavy commercial vehicles from delhi roads, considerably reducing traffic congestion as well as pollution level, he said.
;;0.5574;;before this, former punjab chief minister parkash singh badal had echoed similar sentiments in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , during his visit to hussainiwala on march 23, 2015, to pay tributes to freedom fighters bhagat singh, rajguru, and sukhdev.
;;0.0;;in december 2016, prime minister narendramodi laid the foundation stone for the project.
;;0.1027;;noting that no new big industry has come to the region in the last four years, jain said: i would request prime minister narendramodi to ensure that cms do not hold the industry portfolio as they do not have time to sort out the issues facing the department.
;;0.4767;;cuttack: prime minister narendramodi on saturday accused rival parties of ganging up to protect dynasty politics and said his government runs on people's mandate, and not at the directions from janpath.
;;0.5106;;islamic state operatives +new delhi: a little over two weeks after prime minister narendramodi visited united arab emirates, five suspectedof indian origin have been deported from abu dhabi and are being extensively interrogated by central intelligence agencies.
;;0.886;;prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah wanted me to convey regards and best wishes for his early recovery, good health and long life.
;;-0.836;;in victory too, prime minister narendramodi continued his blistering criticism of sarkar and the left front, with a tweet that said, while we are naturally delighted about the historic victory in tripura, we will always have in our thoughts and prayers the bjp karyakartas who lost their lives due to mindless communist violence.
;;-0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi had promised the country after the pulwama attack that our force would take revenge and the pm has kept his promise, he said.
;;0.4939;;minister of state for culture and tourism (independent charge), prahalad singh patel: anipanaji: union minister prahlad singh patel praised prime minister narendramodi on thursday calling him the biggest brand ambassador of the country's tourism and culture.
;;0.0;;mumbai: launching a scathing attack on 49 celebrities for writing an open letter to prime minister narendramodi expressing concern over mob lynching, central bureau of film certification (cbfc) chairman prasoon joshi on friday said that there was an alarming need for positive thinking in the country.
;;-0.5859;;adhir ranjan chowdhury (pti photo)new delhi: congress leader adhir ranjan chowdhury stoked a controversy on monday with an objectionable remark against prime minister narendramodi in the lok sabha , with the bjp launching a scathing attack on him and his party, saying this arrogance will finish them.
;;-0.7783;;even as the congress high command plans to take on the narendramodi government, the two fighting factions led by mla vijay wadettiwar and ex-mp naresh pugalia failed to come together for the protest fast.
;;0.8625;;in nagpur, muttemwar slammed not only prime minister narendramodi but also city mp nitin gadkari for making false promises to voters to win polls.
;;0.6369;;the cm said that, regardless of the number of times prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah might make to the state ahead of the polls, they would be unable to prevent a congress win.
;;0.6597;;mumbai: the country has achieved the target of electrifying its villages 12 days ahead of a deadline set by prime minister narendramodi , the government said on sunday, which could give the ruling party a boost ahead of a general election in 2019.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi arrives in india on december 6.
;;-0.6908;;naidu has also hinted at the north neglecting the south when he said that prime minister narendramodi should not think that ap is far away from delhi so that the centre could neglect the southern state.
;;0.8068;;chennai: tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on thursday sought the intervention of prime minister narendramodi to remove the recently-introduced restrictive clauses for the handloom weavers' cooperative societies to avail of marketing incentives under national handloom development programme in the previous scheme, there was neither time limitation nor sales turnover as eligibility criteria, making it easier for the societies to avail of the incentives.
;;0.9042;;instead, indias steel factories are boosting production to keep up with prime minister narendramodi modis infrastructure plans as he aims to transform ageing infrastructure across the nation and create smart cities, replete with affordable housing, improved sanitation and better transportation.
;;0.2493;;the aircraft suddenly tilted heavily +hugs not good enough for us visas, tweets rahul in jibe at modi congress president rahul gandhi on thursday described the proposed us visa rules as a huge setback for india, and in a jibe at prime minister narendramodi said there were some things a hug can buy, but for visas you're on your own.
;;0.0;;congress sources said prime minister narendramodi called up rahul gandhi to enquire about the incident.
;;0.7717;;new delhi: all the indian missions across the world has been asked to celebrate the international day of yoga in a grand manner and a video message of prime minister narendramodi has been sent to all embassies for screening at the beginning of the yoga protocol, the external affairs ministry said thursday.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 11, 2019prime minister narendramodi will deliver the concluding speech at bjp's 2-day national council meet.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will deliver the concluding speech on saturday, laying down the agenda for the general elections.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi opted for delhi metro to travel in the citytravelled to the iskcon temple and back via the delhi metro.
;;0.0;;co/sfyo5lhcvo  narendramodi (@narendramodi) 1551191823000download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;new delhi: on tuesday, prime minister narendramodi opted for delhi metro to travel in the city.
;;0.7506;;likely to be visited in the coming days by prime minister narendramodi , who is personally monitoring reconstruction work at kedarpuri, several new attractions can be availed by devotees at kedarnath this season including a laser show on lord shiva and improved facilities, officials said.
;;0.0;;gonda: bjp mp from uttar pradesh's gonda brijbhushan sharan on saturday stoked controversy saying said that only prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adiyanath are not indulged in any kind of corruption activity.
;;0.0;;our prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adiyanath do not indulge in any kind of corruption.
;;-0.5859;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday lashed out at those who criticised india's potential to become a 5-trillion dollar economy and called them  professional pessimists .
;;0.6486;;he urged chief minister edappadi k palaniswami, who is in delhi, to meet prime minister narendramodi , to take the issue with him and get a solution for the benefit of the students who were waiting for the examination, he added.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi , defence minister rajnath singh, union home minister amit shah , andhra pradesh chief minister jagan mohan reddy among others condoled the demise of people in the tragic incident.
;;-0.6597;;bhopal: a day after over a dozen ruling congress-jd(s) mlas resigned in karnataka, senior congress leader ghulam nabi azad on sunday attacked prime minister narendramodi , saying the bjp had poached the party's mlas in several states and questioned where had the 'vishwas' (trust) gone.
;;0.25;;mumbai\thane: prime minister narendramodi 's dream project of bullet train is underway in mumbai thane, and the under the sea tunnel may finish completion by august 15, 2022, the md of national high speed rail corporation ltd. (nhsrcl) achal khare said.
;;0.6369;;he said that he has requested prime minister narendramodi , kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan and district administration to assure the release of the compensation of the wayanad people and their relocation to safer areas.
;;-0.886;;condemning the jammu and kashmir rape incident and hitting out at uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, chandrashekhar said, prime minister narendramodi is silent about the rape incident.
;;0.8271;;vadodara: patidar quota stir leader hardik patel, who was in varnama on sunday evening to honour the community students , alleged that prime minister narendramodi had given benefits to the people from his caste by giving them reservation when he was the chief minister.
;;-0.7269;;raj made this announcement after he faced backlash from bjp sympathizers for questioning the silence of prime minister narendramodi on gauris murder.
;;0.0;;he added that the government led by prime minister narendramodi has managed to provide jobs to only 4.
;;0.0;;the meeting was cordial and aimed at providing a new impetus to bilateral trade and commercial ties, in line with the mandate given by prime minister narendramodi and the us president donald trump during their meeting at osaka , japan on 28 june 2019, the commerce department said in a statement.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis visit to washington should take place soonest possible.
;;0.0;;saturdays event was attended by union minister of state for ayush shripad naik, mps narendramodi sawaikar and vinay tendulkar, dhavalikar, health minister vishwajit rane, sanvordem mla, chairman of goa state infrastructure development corporation deepak pauskar and chief secretary dharmendra sharma.
;;-0.7506;;file photobahraich: upset over alleged abduction and conversion of a sikh girl to islam in pakistan , members of the sikh community here have submitted a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi , requesting him to raise the issue before the un.
;;0.0;;new delhi: delhi university teachers association ( duta ) has written to prime minister narendramodi against the autonomy of the university as it would pave the way for privatisation of education.
;;0.4019;;read morenew delhi: opposition parties, including the congress, which are opposed to holding of simultaneous elections to lok sabha and state assemblies, will take a call on wednesday morning whether to attend a meeting convened by prime minister narendramodi on the 'one nation, one election' issue.
;;-0.4767;;the jd(s)-congress governments much-touted farm loan waiver scheme  a pet project of chief minister hd kumaraswamy  has come under strident attack from prime minister narendramodi , ahead of this years lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;ironically, it comes in the wake of prime minister narendramodi modis lollipop jibe.
;;-0.6249;;mumbai: prime minister narendramodi on saturday offered prayers to lord ganesh in suburban vile parle in mumbai.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi today called up jd (s) leader h d deve gowda to wish him on his birthday.
;;0.1779;;the lingayat strongman is known to have espoused the cause of farmers, something which was repeately referred to by prime minister narendramodi in his election speeches.
;;0.34;;the us president had on monday claimed that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir.
;;0.1027;;co/oruoac8hj9  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1564120932000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi along with lok sabha speaker om birla, defence minister rajnath singh and home minister amit shah participated in a tree plantation drive organised by the lok sabha secretariat on friday.
;;0.6705;;washington: president donald trump does not make up things, a top presidential advisor said on tuesday when asked about a question on his stunning claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, remarks which has been strongly refuted by india.
;;0.8625;;talking about development works taken during the four and a half years long regime of prime minister narendramodi led central government, irani said: under the leadership of prime minister modi, whether it is the interest of the nation, farmers or common men, every sector has witnessed remarkable improvement.
;;0.4767;;this story is from december 3, 2018jitendra deshprabhudownload the times of india news app for latest citypanaji: a day after state bjp president and rajya sabha member vinay tendulkar claimed that chief minister manohar parrikar would call prime minister narendramodi to resolve the mining issue; the congress party insisted that parrikar had no intention to see mining operations restart in goa.
;;-0.4449;;the commissioner, who gave orders on disclosure of academic records of ba pass students of 1978-batch (the year prime minister narendramodi graduated) of delhi university and summoned the rbi governor for not following supreme court on transparency, said the executive did not have powers to amend salary and tenure of information commissioner as per the 2005 act.
;;0.1779;;the lingayat strongman is known to have espoused the cause of farmers, something which was repeately referred to by prime minister narendramodi in his election speeches.
;;0.4215;;e sreedharandownload the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: former delhi metro rail corporation chief e sreedharan has urged prime minister narendramodi to turn down aap governments proposal to give free travel to women in delhi metro, saying it would set an alarming precedent for all other metro rail projects in the country.
;;-0.7269;;new delhi: accusing bjp leaders of backing a string of fraudsters, congress said prime minister narendramodi should sack his senior ministers and party colleagues who have regularly fought in courts for fugitives and financial offenders facing law.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in 2015 had set a target of reducing india's oil dependence by 10 per cent to 67 per cent by 2022 (from 77 per cent in 2014-15).
;;-0.6124;;thiruvananthapuram: prime minister narendramodi made a quick visit to poonthura on tuesday, one of the worst-affected fishing hamlets along keralas southern coast from cyclone ockhi, where he met families of dead and missing fishermen and promised all possible help from the centre to help them tide over the tragedy.
;;0.6369;;union tourism minister kj alphons and prime minister narendramodi during a visit to poonthura in kerala to meet cyclone ockhi victims on tuesdayaccording to an official communication from the state government, the pm agreed to take immediate steps to improve the scientific and communication facilities to predict ochkilike natural calamities.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with bihar chief minister nitish kumar at patna airport on sundaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.9349;;begusarai: prime minister narendramodi said on sunday he shares the anger and anguish of every indian over the terrorist attack in which 40 crpf personnel were martyred at pulwama in jammu and kashmir last thursday.
;;-0.6908;;internal communication we have recovered instructs cadre to eliminate prime minister narendramodi in action similar to what helped kill (former pm) rajiv gandhi.
;;0.0;;bonne called on prime minister narendramodi and held wide-ranging talks with doval on thursday, his counterpart for the strategic dialogue, it said.
;;0.8126;;new delhi: responding to prime minister narendramodi 's barbs that congress should get someone outside the nehru-gandhi family to lead the party, former union minister p chidambaram listed out names of the party's past presidents who did not belong to the first family of the grand old party.
;;0.0;;on may 2, chief minister vijay rupani, along with 113 members of the national committee dealing with the celebrations will present to prime minister narendramodi the detailed plans for the commemoration.
;;0.0;;the rs 287 crore revitalization plan for the sabarmati ashram proposed by narendramodi when he was the chief minister of gujarat is awaiting clearance from the centre.
;;-0.5194;;accusing the trs government of not sincerely implementing the welfare schemes of the central government in telangana, laxman said the state government feared that prime minister narendramodi 's popularity would rise.
;;0.7269;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will chair a meet with top industrialists and policy makers on monday to brainstorm on measures required to realise his vision of india breaking into the top 50 in the world banks ease of doing business index, sources said.
;;0.1027;;)seoul/new delhi: india is looking at the south korean model for prime minister narendramodi modis flagship universal healthcare programme, ayushman bharat , much in line with the governments inclination to look at development models in east asian countries rather than europe or the us.
;;0.9325;;new delhi: at a time when pakistan is virtually begging for support from the muslim world against india for kashmir, it faces a huge rebuff from the united arab emirates (uae), with the key islamic nation set to host prime minister narendramodi and honour him with the countrys highest civilian award.
;;-0.4588;;this story is from december 5, 2018swami agnivesh (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citythrissur: prime minister narendramodi and sangh parivar are trying to divert attention from their failures by raking up communal issues such as ram janmabhoomi, said activist swami agnivesh .
;;0.25;;the setting up of biofuel complex at dhuriyapar consisting of compressed biogas (cbg) and 2g ethanol plants at a cost of rs 1050 crores is a historic step towards fulfilling the vision of prime minister narendramodi to double farmers income by 2022, said pradhan.
;;0.0;;argentina's president mauricio macri (l) shakes hands with prime minister narendramodi before a meeting in ne.
;;0.0258;;new delhi: sending a strong signal to international peace-makers, prime minister narendramodi on monday unequivocally declared that the time for talks was over and india was determined to take concrete steps against terrorism.
;;0.5574;;bjp cadres also raised slogans in praise of prime minister narendramodi and union minister of state for finance and shipping and kanyakumari mp pon radhakrishnan started speaking after the mlas.
;;0.4588;;raipur: prime minister narendramodi on thursday dedicated to the nation the integrated command and control centre set up at naya raipur - the upcoming capital city of chhattisgarh the centre will control and monitor online water and power supply, sanitation, traffic movement, integrated building management, city connectivity and internet infrastructure (data centre), under one roof.
;;0.0;;i will come back only after prime minister narendramodi finishes his two proposed visits to gujarat.
;;-0.6705;;the congress partys aggressive posters to counter the prime minister narendramodi ignited a poster war in the city, as the bjps city unit also began placing posters right next to the their rivals billboards and posters.
;;0.0;;this year, france and current g7 president emmanuel macron invited prime minister narendramodi and leaders of south africa, australia, chile, egypt, rwanda, burkina faso, senegal and spain to attend the summit.
;;0.7311;;new delhi: india and france are not looking at the number of agreements but to build a strong strategic partnership during prime minister narendramodi 's visit to the european country.
;;0.7351;;agartala: scripting its landmark victory in this tiny state in north-east, bjp now wants a show of strength for the swearing-in of the new government in tripura the state party is in touch with the pmo for dates from prime minister narendramodi , who would be the chief guest at the swearing-in ceremony.
;;0.6597;;while naming amar patnaik and sasmit as bjd's rajya sabha candidates, patnaik had on friday said that prime minister narendramodi and union home minister and bjp chief amit shah spoke to him and his party will support vaishnav.
;;0.0;;the chief minister said she had been describing it as a dark day since demonetisation was announced by prime minister narendramodi in 2016.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet , chaired by prime minister narendramodi , approved rightsizing competition commission of india cci ) in pursuance of the minimum government  maximum governance, an official release said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping meet today at the annual shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit being held in the chinese city of qingdao .
;;-0.128;;taking a jibe at bjp's poll propaganda on development agenda, nath said that prime minister narendramodi addressed public meetings in chhindwara but did not talk about farmers.
;;0.7003;;we need to create this infrastructure to help fulfil the dream of prime minister narendramodi to empower agriculturists, peasants, and cultivators.
;;-0.0516;;with general elections less than a year away and prime minister narendramodi facing a united opposition, political uncertainty looms large too.
;;-0.5423;;noida: ncr rwa (confederation of ncr residents welfare associations-conrwa) has urged prime minister narendramodi and hrd minister prakash javadekar to put a stay on cbse's decision to re-conduct class 12 economics and class 10 mathematics exam as it amounts to harassing lakhs of students and their parents for a folly of few.
;;-0.9168;;we have written to prime minister narendramodi and hrd minister prakash javadekar today urging them to scrap and disallow the cbses decision for a re-exam of class xii economics and class x maths papers following their leak as is its very disheartening to lakhs of students across the country who appeared for the said exams and would be harassed for no fault of theirs, said ps jain, president conrwa.
;;0.5574;;chennai: a day after prime minister narendramodi said the bjp was open to aligning with old friends, in an apparent reference to every party in tamil nadu except the congress and the left parties, the dmk and the bjp got into a war of attrition on friday.
;;0.4588;;osaka: prime minister narendramodi on saturday used the g20 summit here to promote india's traditional healing measures, yoga and his flagship ayushman bharat health scheme.
;;0.765;;ahmedabad: prime minister narendramodi held a close door round table meeting with heads of 27 global sovereign wealth funds, pension funds and institutional investors, on the evening friday, the first day of the three-day vibrant gujarat summit.
;;0.6597;;gandhinagar: the new bharatiya janata party government led by vijay rupani and his deputy nitin patel will take the oath of secrecy today in presence of prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah at the new secretariat.
;;0.0;;the first thinking on a joint india-japan moon mission was made public in 2017, during a multi-space agencies' meeting in bengaluru and it was then also part of the intergovernmental discussions during prime minister narendramodi 's visit to japan in 2018.
;;0.8442;;indiaindiaindiabengaluru: prime minister narendramodi on monday hit out at the opposition for opposing technology in the form of aadhaar card and electronic voting machines (evms), and said that the bjp wants to promote a modernby giving importance to skill development and innovation.
;;0.8807;;addressing bjp yuva morcha (youth wing) workers via the ' narendramodi app ,' the prime minister also lauded efforts of party workers in maintaining the public mood in favour of the party, despite rumours of a hung assembly in the may 12 elections in karnataka at 45 degrees temperature, i have seen the enthusiasm of people.
;;0.4215;;bengaluru: karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy on wednesday said the jd(s) along with congress had succeeded in tying prime minister narendramodi 's ' ashwamedha ' horse (victory horse) in karnataka, fulfilling his aim.
;;0.0;;i had said after the uttar pradesh election results came out that my aim is to tie the ashwamwedha horse of narendramodi and amit shah (bjp president).
;;0.0;;speaking to reporters after being sworn in as the chief minister, he said probably, in the days to come, amit shah has to go to narendramodi with lifeless ashwamedha horse, as we have tied their horse.
;;0.5267;;the contract was signed in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and uzbekistan president shavkat mirziyoyev, who are here for the vibrant gujarat summit that began friday.
;;0.6486;;he was responding to a question on the criticism by his party colleagues over backing jairam ramesh 's remarks that the prime minister should not be demonised and salman khurshid's statement that finding something good prime minister narendramodi has done is like finding a needle in a haystack.
;;0.5267;;she also draws inspiration from prime minister narendramodi who, she says, has changed the face of rural india in the last four-and-ahalf years.
;;0.5423;;co/hrwvcy87j1  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1561692195000osaka: prime minister narendramodi on friday held bilateral talks with crown prince of saudi arabia mohammed bin salman and discussed deepening cooperation in trade and investment, energy security and counter-terrorism with the invaluable strategic partner in osaka.
;;0.4019;;in a note circulated among the heads of political parties at a meeting called by prime minister narendramodi to discuss the one nation, one election issue, cpm general secretary sitaram yechury said holding simultaneous polls would tamper with the constitutional scheme of accountability of the government to the legislature.
;;0.4019;;speaking to reporters, congress legislature party leader siddaramaiah also reiterated his charge that the bjp was conspiring to topple the congress-jd(s) coalition government and that prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah were also involved in it.
;;0.296;;i have said kumaraswamy will be stable as chief minister of karnataka and run the administration for four more years, narendramodi will run the administration for five years at the centre .
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had on sunday congratulated the five students on their feat, in his 'mann ki baat' radio address.
;;0.0;;noting that bjp under prime minister narendramodi is making strides, the former rss pracharak-turned-politician said the masses will rally behind the pm in the upcoming lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 26, 2019prime minister narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0772;;pune: the state education department has issued a circular on january 21 making it mandatory for all government schools to make arrangements for viewing the ' pariksha pe charcha' programme by prime minister narendramodi on january 29.
;;0.0;;significantly, prime minister narendramodi is expected to visit shillong on december 16 to formally launch bjp's poll campaign.
;;0.0;;construction work on the second section of the highway  from up gate on delhi-ghaziabad border to dasna  has been expedited with prime minister narendramodi scheduled to inaugurate the first section, which is from nizamuddin bridge to up gate shortly.
;;0.802;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the achievements of his government in 2018 will fill everyone with glory, and hoped the journey towards the path of development will continue into 2019 as well.
;;-0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi and the cbi are conspiring to kill our leader.
;;0.8315;;imphal: manipur cm n biren singh on monday said he cannot tolerate humiliation of national heroes like rani of jhansi and prime minister narendramodi the chief minister's remarks came in the context of journalist kishorechandra wangkhemchas arrest under the national security act (nsa) last month for allegedly making derogatory comments against him.
;;0.3612;;hubballi: prime minister narendramodi sounded bjps lok sabha poll bugle in karnataka on sunday by taking a swipe at hd kumaraswamy , calling him a punching bag heading a majboor (helpless) government that was at the mercy of alliance partner congress .
;;-0.5994;;new delhi: congress on thursday used the second anniversary of notebandi to accuse prime minister narendramodi of dealing a long-term blow to the poor and the small industry through his ill-advised measure.
;;-0.4588;;panaji: the church in goa appealed to prime minister narendramodi on wednesday to eliminate the growing ideology of hate and subjugation of women within the country.
;;0.4215;;co/bbp432g4nt  shashi tharoor (@shashitharoor) 1563817293000washington: a furore erupted on monday as us president donald trump offering to mediate in the kashmir issue, claiming that prime minister narendramodi has asked him to help in the matter.
;;-0.296;;the ministry of external affairs issued a late-night denial, saying, no such request has been made by pm narendramodi to the us president.
;;0.3612;;us president donald trump claimed on monday that he was with pm narendramodi two weeks ago and the indian prime minister asked him if he (trump) would like to be a mediator or arbitrator.
;;0.3818;;this is also the resolve of our prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.3818;;read morekobe: prime minister narendramodi said on thursday the ties between india and japan have become stronger from the time the two countries cooperated to make a car to coming together to manufacture the bullet trains.
;;-0.8176;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday hit back at congress for mocking bjps new india ideas including the proposal of simultaneous elections (one nation, one election) and for committing the sin of spreading pessimism by objecting to every new initiative.
;;0.0;;akhilesh took a dig at prime minister narendramodi by recalling his statement during 2014 lok sabha polls electioneering that he was contesting from varanasi because 'maa ganga' has invited him.
;;-0.0516;;as a home minister of the country, i can say the crime rate has gone down in bihar after the enforcement of prohibition as compared to earlier period, singh said, adding even prime minister narendramodi had appreciated the prohibition in the state during his recent visit to champaran.
;;0.0;;claiming that bjp, under prime minister narendramodi modis leadership, is making strides, the former rss pracharak-turned-politician said the masses will rally behind him (pm) in the upcoming lok sabha polls.
;;0.5994;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi called chinese president xi jinping to offer congratulations for his re-election and discussed efforts to enhance high-level exchanges and deepen bilateral cooperation.
;;0.0;;sangma is also likely to meet prime minister narendramodi in this regard.
;;-0.4019;;coimbatore: mla m thiravidamani has written to prime minister narendramodi drawing his attention to a barrage of complaints faced by the constituent college of bharathiar university in gudalur.
;;0.4404;;he sent the indian flag and the map to prime minister narendramodi as a gift for scrapping article 370 and 35 a.speaking to tnie, ramesh said that he had made the indian flag with 70 milligrams of gold, while he used only 40 milligrams for making the india map.
;;-0.2023;;new delhi, jan 25 () india and south africa have resolved to work together to address the issue of fugitive economic offenders through international organisations and institutions, said a joint statement released after prime minister narendramodi and president cyril ramaphosa held talks here on friday.
;;-0.2732;;chandigarh: prime minister narendramodi unveiled the 135km kundli-ghaziabad-palwal (kgp) expressway, which is is expected to cut down travelling time between the two haryana towns from four hours to 72 minutes, at baghpat in uttar pradesh on sunday.
;;-0.5719;;new delhi: external affairs minister s jaishankar on tuesday denied us president donald trump's claim that prime minister narendramodi sought his role as a mediator on kashmir even as the opposition raised the issue vociferously and demanded that the pm personally clarify the matter.
;;-0.1779;;bhubaneswar: a threat call to the biju patnaik international airport on thursday, two days before the arrival of prime minister narendramodi , sent police and special operation group (spg) personnel into a tizzy.
;;-0.6597;;cm manohar parrikar, who briefed prime minister narendramodi about the tragedy, said there would be very few casualties.
;;0.0;;hyderabad: taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi , aimim chief asaduddin owaisi on thursday called the controversy around padmaavat as 'pakoda politics' of bjp .
;;0.0;;in separate letters written to prime minister narendramodi and union minister of food and public distribution ram vilas paswan , the chief minister said the ccl gap could not be solely attributed to the punjab.
;;0.0;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , the chief minister, who is also the chairman of the state-level organizing committee, has suggested that a national organizing committee, under the chairmanship of the prime minister, be constituted to oversee the celebrations of this historic event across the country.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday wished the countrymen on the occasion of the 70th republic day happy republic day to all fellow indians, prime minister narendramodi tweeted both in hindi and english.
;;0.7783;;the decision of the cabinet came days after chief justice of india ranjan gogoi wrote to prime minister narendramodi to increase the number of judges in the top court.
;;-0.296;;karnataka elections 2018: pm in nepal to influence hindus in karnataka, says ashok gehlot 01:25new delhi/kathmandu: congress on saturday accused prime minister narendramodi of timing his temple visit in nepal to coincide with voting in karnataka, saying his schedule was aimed at influencing the mandate in the crucial southern state.
;;0.0;;the decision about this was taken when prime minister narendramodi was hosted by president donald trump at the white house on june 26 last year.
;;0.0;;he also talked about discrimination of ladakh and jammu divisions by the previous regimes and said chowkidar, in an apparent reference to prime minister narendramodi , ensured that funds meant for these regions are spent for development.
;;-0.7184;;patna: as the bjp-led nda government at the centre is about to complete three years in power this month, the state jd(u) on saturday made a frontal attack on prime minister narendramodi , accusing him of failing to create government jobs.
;;-0.4939;;kolkata: chief minister mamata banerjee on saturday reacted sharply to prime minister narendramodi modis jibe on her fear for cbi and ed, saying it was the pot calling the kettle black (chalon kina chhucher dosh dhore).
;;-0.3291;;prime minister narendramodi raises ' beti bachao ' slogans, but his government has failed to provide minimum security to women.
;;-0.0;;majority of houses sanctioned under pmay scheme in the name of women: pm about 70  houses sanctioned under the pm awas yojana (pmay) for the poor are in the name of women, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday while linking his government's flagship programme to the dignity of people.
;;0.8625;;it has not been withdrawn even after a framework agreement was signed on august 3, 2015 by naga insurgent group nscn-im general secretary thuingaleng muivah and government interlocutor r n ravi in presence of prime minister narendramodi the framework agreement came after over 80 rounds of negotiations spanning 18 years with the first breakthrough in 1997 when the ceasefire agreement was sealed after decades of insurgency in nagaland.
;;0.1027;;on wednesday, pakistan had rejected india's request to allow its air space for prime minister narendramodi 's flight to the united states later this week.
;;0.128;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday launched a campaign to eradicate tuberculosis (tb) from india by 2025, five years ahead of a globally set deadline.
;;0.7351;;iaf sukhoi su-30mki fighter jets (reuters file photo)evaluation beginsindia moved a step closer to inviting bids for the purchase of 114 fighter jets, currently the worlds largest deal in play, as prime minister narendramodi seeks to boost the capability of the countrys armed forces and replace an aging combat aircraft fleet.
;;0.0;;new delhi: setting the narrative for 2019 general election, the narendramodi government will project the works done during its 48 months at the centre so far, pitting it against the 48-year rule by the gandhi family.
;;0.0;;one family either directly or indirectly ruled the country for 48 years, prime minister narendramodi had said in february while addressing a public meeting in puducherry while referring to the governments of jawaharlal nehru, indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi.
;;-0.2263;;meanwhile, a signature campaign by students and teachers of iim ahmedabad and bangalore and iit gandhinagar petitioning prime minister narendramodi to have charges against him quashed gained momentum after the arrest.
;;0.1779;;leader of the congress in lok sabha adhir ranjan chowdhury said that the aviation minister wants to sell air india, the railways minister wants to sell its assets and prime minister narendramodi , he alleged, will one day sell the country.
;;0.0;;joshi and shettar visited kims in the wake of prime minister narendramodi touring hubballi on february 10 to launch an election campaign in karnataka.
;;-0.4019;;he also took a dig at self-styled, progressive thinkers for criticising prime minister narendramodi for washing the feet of pourakarmikas on sunday.
;;0.0;;bhubaneswar: prime minister narendramodi laid the foundation of six new model degree colleges in the state through video-conferencing from jammu & kashmir on sunday.
;;0.2732;;rahul gandhi would address several issues plaguing the state as well as the dictatorial and anti-democratic attitudes of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister k chandrasekhar rao .
;;0.0;;this story is from november 25, 2018narendra modidownload the times of india news app for latest cityshimla: prime minister narendramodi is likely to attend the celebrations of one year of chief minister jai ram thakur-led bjp government in himachal pradesh next month.
;;0.5106;;new delhi: hailing the union budget as futuristic, bjp chief and home minister amit shah on friday said it reflects prime minister narendramodi 's vision where farmers prosper, poor lead a life of dignity, the middle class gets its due and indian enterprise gets a boost.
;;0.6908;;qingdao (china): prime minister narendramodi on sunday called for respect for sovereignty, economic growth, connectivity and unity among the members of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco).
;;0.0;;this story is from january 20, 2019prime minister narendramodi sits on a tank vehicle during the inauguration of the larsen and toubro armoured systems complex in hazira (afp)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0258;;silvassa: prime minister narendramodi on saturday scoffed at the kolkata rally of the 'mahagathbandhan', saying it is an alliance where the only selfish aim of the partners is to save their fast waning political careers.
;;0.0;;congress sources said prime minister narendramodi called up rahul to enquire about the incident.
;;0.0;;thousands of families in ambala district have been benefited with the healthcare scheme of the government and prime minister narendramodi started this scheme on september 23, 2018.
;;0.0;;mangaluru/tumakuru/gadag/shivamoga: prime minister narendramodi on saturday described congress move to oppose the triple talaq bill in rajya sabha as symptomatic of its anti-women mindset.
;;0.7506;;imphal: with lok sabha election around the corner, prime minister narendramodi on friday launched projects worth rs 1,500 crore for the development of manipur , which, he said, has a key role to play in the growth of 'new india'.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister narendramodi will lay the foundation stone for patna metro rail project on february 17, cm nitish kumar announced on wednesday.
;;-0.872;;pmo india (@pmoindia) 1495596607000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday announced ex gratia of rs two lakh for the next of kin of each of those killed in a bus accident in uttarakhand my prayers and solidarity with those who lost their loved ones in the unfortunate bus accident in uttarkashi .
;;-0.5994;;new delhi: there was no conversation in osaka between prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump on kashmir or mediation in the dispute, and this is borne out by official records of discussions by both the indian and us governments.
;;-0.8519;;new delhi: saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman on wednesday joined prime minister narendramodi in condemning the pulwama attack in the strongest terms even as india and saudi arabia agreed on the need to put pressure on countries that back terror and called on such states to dismantle terrorism infrastructures.
;;-0.5574;;after discussions on wednesday with prime minister narendramodi , saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman said: as far as terrorism and extremism are concerned  which are common concerns  i want to tell india that we will extend all cooperation to you, be it intelligence-sharing.
;;0.0;;the deliberations seem to have been held in a cordial setting with the crown prince, in informal conversations with indian leaders on his arrival at rashtrapati bhavan, referring to prime minister narendramodi as his elder brother and a leader he held in high regard.
;;0.946;;new delhi: body fit hai toh mind hit hai (if the body is fit, the mind is fit), said prime minister narendramodi while launching fit india campaign on national sports day celebrated every year on the birth anniversary of hockey wizard dhyan chand modi said india's improving sports performance is a reflection of the country's rising confidence as he paid tributes to the three-time olympic gold medallist.
;;0.34;;raipur: prime minister narendramodi was welcomed by chhattisgarh chief minister bhupesh baghel and state bjp leaders at the raipur airport after he made a brief stopover en route to odisha.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: in his second edition of the ' mann ki baat ' radio programme, prime minister narendramodi on sunday urged students to take part in a unique quiz competition on space and technology students scoring the highest in their respective states will get to witness the landing of chandrayaan-2 at sriharikota .
;;0.2732;;naidu further said that everyone in the country had accepted prime minister narendramodi as their leader.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will address the nation on the 53rd episode of his monthly radio-broadcast mann ki baat today at 11am.
;;0.0;;amarkantak: prime minister narendramodi is going to land some 18km from narmada temple on monday.
;;0.3182;;speaking on the occasion, nath said prime minister narendramodi launched the nssh initiative in ludhiana on october 18, 2016, and announced that ludhiana, being an important economic centre, would be included in the cities where the union ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises would set up nssh.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 30, 2019students are all ears as prime minister narendramodi gives tips on how to tackle exams.
;;0.5574;;chandigarh: prime minister narendramodi 's pariksha pe charcha' got positive response in the city from students and teachers.
;;0.0516;;vijayawada: even as prime minister narendramodi greeted the people of andhra pradesh on saturday without stating the reason, the anniversary of andhra pradesh bifurcation was observed as a day of protests here.
;;-0.9501;;new delhi/osaka: as the brics informal meeting in osaka on the margins of g-20 called for strengthening wto and fighting protectionism and terrorism, prime minister narendramodi again called for a global conference on terrorism, saying the world cant remain inactive just because there's a lack of consensus in the fight against terror.
;;0.8271;;a similar report on the ilrs was shared with the cabinet, chaired by the prime minister narendramodi , last wednesday when special committee on these projects claimed to have made substantial progress in three priority links  ken-betwa; damanganga-pinjal link (gujarat and maharashtra) and para-tapi-narmada (gujarat and maharashtra).
;;0.4404;;yavatmal: devising a novel way of protest to highlight the paltry financial aid offered to farmers by the centre in its budget for 2019-20, congressmen in yavatmal have resolved to send a demand draft for rs 17 to prime minister narendramodi through district collector.
;;-0.5719;;new delhi: congress on tuesday dismissed prime minister narendramodi modis interview on new years day on grounds that he did not address his governments failure to deliver on the promises it made in 2014, and that the bjps wipe out in the hindi heartland states had now forced modi to offer explanations.
;;0.7096;;union commerce and industry minister suresh prabhu is a standout performer in prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet, but one part of the vision he unveiled on goa startup and innovation day last week sent chills down collective spines in indias smallest state.
;;0.128;;this scheme was launched by prime minister narendramodi in september 2017.
;;0.4019;;jalpaiguri: prime minister narendramodi went full blast against chief minister mamata banerjee and her party in north bengal on friday, saying that bengal is headed for what happened in tripura, where people brought an end to the long-serving communist regime and made way for bjp.
;;0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi , chairing an all-party meeting on the eve of the first session of the new lok sabha, invited heads of all parties to a meeting on june 19 to discuss the one nation, one election issue and other important matters.
;;-0.2177;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday said buddhas teachings were very relevant to combat dominance of casteism and dynastic politics.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi listed his governments flagship initiatives such as opening bank accounts for the underprivileged, enabling a low-cost premium insurance scheme, free gas connections to poor households and other measures for welfare of the poor.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi asked culture minister mahesh sharma to ensure that all works on buddha and studies done by buddhist institutes were compiled and brought on a common platform through a web portal in a time-bound manner.
;;0.0;;chennai: dmk working president m k stalin has written letters to prime minister narendramodi and 10 chief ministers of non-bjp ruled states and union territory asking for a review of the parameters taken into consideration by the 15th finance commission for recommending devolution of funds.
;;0.7964;;reducing interest rates would please finance minister nirmala sitharaman, who delivered her first budget last month after being promoted by prime minister narendramodi following his re-election in may.
;;-0.6908;;stalin repeatedly faulted eps for failing to meet prime minister narendramodi over the cauvery row.
;;-0.4404;;the statement by an aiadmk minister to show green flag to prime minister narendramodi will bring disgrace to their party and will be a historic mistake.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi has said the coming lok sabha election will be one between janata (people) and the opposition alliance (mahagathbandan).
;;0.0;;kochi: the appeal of prime minister narendramodi and bjp's inclusive politics of sabka saath sabka vikas have found resonance all over the country, said senior bjp leader and union minister ravi shankar prasad.
;;0.2023;;co/uaryrx7yva  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1516646759000prime minister narendramodi on monday hosted a round-table meeting with ceos of top global companies in davos.
;;0.3182;;commend the valiant efforts of fire-fighters and those in rescue ops #presidentkovind*prime minister narendramodi expressed his anguish at the incident.
;;-0.6486;;election is not about rahul +bengaluru: congress president rahul gandhi on thursday said prime minister narendramodi 's attack on him declaring his prime ministerial ambitions was aimed at distracting attention.
;;0.0;;flutter as bjp functionary enters into argumentmeanwhile a commotion was created during the function as a bjp functionary entered into an argument with the corporation officials and aiadmk party leaders for missing prime minister narendramodi modis name in the banner set as the backdrop of the function.
;;0.4404;;later selvaraj and his supporters left the function hall, raising slogans invoking narendramodi .
;;0.0;;beside this, jamaat e islami hind lauded the recent visit by prime minister narendramodi to palestine.
;;0.0;;it may be mentioned that jagan mohan reddy had taken up the issue with prime minister narendramodi immediately after election results were out.
;;0.3182;;malik said a memorandum has also been sent to prime minister narendramodi reminding him the promise he had made in 2015 to fulfil the demands of the jats.
;;0.5994;;on march 26, 2015, narendramodi had assured that the reservation to jat community would be restored by introducing a new law.
;;0.0;;gandhi visited this site and was given literature about the basava philosophy 11 days earlier, after prime minister narendramodi mentioned this centre in his speech.
;;0.0;;mumbai: prime minister narendramodi will be in maharashtra on saturday to unveil projects at dhule and yavatmal the pm will launch central and western railway projects.
;;-0.3182;;it was in 2014 that bjp, under the prime minister narendramodi , that congress lost valsad.
;;0.0;;there were reports that the prime minister narendramodi had shot down the csmt museum project during a review meeting held with railway board officials on march 26.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has explained everything regarding evms in the rajya sabha for the people.
;;-0.4019;;while karnataka recently approached the centre for environmental clearance, tamil nadu approached prime minister narendramodi , asking him to reject the proposal completely.
;;-0.4019;;however, on monday, tamil nadu chief minister edappadi palaniswami shot off a letter to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention to reject karnatakas entire project proposal.
;;0.25;;the new gujarat bhavan inis yet another example of prime minister narendramodi modis vision and the famed gujarat model of executing a project.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to inaugurate this extraordinarily conceptualised and implemented gujarat experience on september 2.
;;0.0;;gujarat government had placed a request for a new gujarat bhavan and soon after narendramodi became the prime minister of india.
;;0.0;;on july 6, prime minister narendramodi will plant saplings in a model anand kanan navgrah vatika at harahua, along the panchkroshi parikrama route, as part of the total 2.
;;0.765;;he said that he is hopeful of getting full public support since prime minister narendramodi has called for tackling solid, liquid, and plastic wastes.
;;0.296;;reacting to the congress's attack on the government for having the upcoming event 'howdy modi' in houston, usa despite an economic slowdown, javadekar said the congress would never get such an opportunity like prime minister narendramodi the stadium is already houseful for the 'howdy modi' event.
;;0.1027;;new delhi, jun 6 () prime minister narendramodi today said the government is taking several steps to promote young entrepreneurs in the country, adding that startups are no longer confined to big cities.
;;0.0;;the two incidents are taking place just days before prime minister narendramodi is to formally launch bjps lok sabha election campaign in vidarbha .
;;0.9062;;this story is from november 17, 2018raipur: taking a swipe at congress for its leader shashi tharoor 's 'chaiwala could become pm due to pt nehru' statement, prime minister narendramodi on friday slammed the grand old party and dared it to make someone from outside the gandhi-nehru family their party chief 'just for five years' so that people could believe that nehru created a truly democratic system.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi is leaving for france on thursday on a bilateral visit during which further boosting of defence cooperation between the two countries will be discussed.
;;0.128;;the project costing rs 2,467 crore was launched by prime minister narendramodi through video conference from tirupur on sunday.
;;0.7269;;mangaluru: prime minister narendramodi elevated city-based artist karan acharyas repute to a higher orbit on saturday, even as the jam-packed crowd at the nehru maidan here cheered for the 29-year-olds talent.
;;0.763;;yusuff ali ma, chairman of uae-based lulu group, said the first budget of prime minister narendramodi 's second term in office has very efficiently covered almost all critical sectors which will surely boost india's march towards becoming a $5 trillion economy.
;;0.0;;manama: prime minister narendramodi arrived here on saturday to hold extensive talks with the king of bahrain , hamad bin isa al khalifa, on various bilateral and regional issues.
;;-0.4767;;representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest cityahmedabad: even more than two years after prime minister narendramodi demonetized notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 denominations, gujarat continues to throw up fake rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;-0.2411;;he hit out at prime minister narendramodi for not granting him an appointment while choosing to meet rival aiadmk leader o panneerselvam.
;;0.4019;;former deputy chief minister r ashoka said that prime minister narendramodi , during an interaction with party workers, felt that bengalurus infrastructure should match that of the national capital and that the partys manifesto is also focussed on the same.
;;0.4404;;m k stalinchennai: two days after the centre released the first quarter data on indian economy, dmk president m k stalin wanted prime minister narendramodi to consult economic experts immediately and do whatever is needed to make the economy grow once again at a good rate.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi is starting another round of re-engagement with neighbourhood leaders.
;;0.4019;;mdmk leader vaiko who came to participate in a party function in madurai on friday said they would wave black flags at prime minister narendramodi when he came to lay the foundation stone for the all india institute of medical sciences on january 27.
;;0.1531;;ajmer: priests and local people of pushkar have asked prime minister narendramodi to intervene in the matter of the drying pushkar sarovar, as it is hampering feelings of devotees who come to pushkar.
;;-0.296;;hubballi: irked by the number of political rallies and frequent visits of vvips like prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi, union minister nitin gadkari and jd(s) state president h d kumaraswamy , some citizens of hubballi-dharwad have launched an online campaign demanding a ban on political events in city limits.
;;-0.1779;;surat: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday urged the youths to counter the negative propaganda of the opposition through positivity and said 125 crore people of the country have resolved to work for new india that he has been envisioning.
;;-0.5994;;the parties, which decided to block trains on the bandh day, will also hold protest marches across cauvery delta districts to underscore the states rights in the water dispute, and show black flag to prime minister narendramodi and other union ministers during their visits to the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to inaugurate the bridge this december.
;;0.4215;;gandhinagar: prime minister narendramodi will lay the foundation stone for the rs 1,000 crore umiya dham  being developed by the powerful kadva patidar community  in ahmedabad on march 4.
;;0.0;;at the crematorium, where the mortal remains of 67-year-old swaraj were consigned to the flames, were prime minister narendramodi , home minister amit shah, vice-president m venkaiah naidu, leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, veteran bjp stalwart l k advani and congress leader anand sharma.
;;0.0;;new delhi: union culture and tourism minister prahlad patel was one of the first bidders as the e-auction for the gifts received by prime minister narendramodi opened on saturday.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: ahmed patel , a congress leader who is a rajya sabha member from gujarat, sent a letter to prime minister narendramodi on tuesday raising questions about the land acquisition process for the bullet train project .
;;0.2732;;jaishankar, a career diplomat and former foreign secretary, was inducted by prime minister narendramodi in his government and given the high profile ministry in a surprise development.
;;0.4019;;co/zgxkwdsuf4  ani (@ani) 1520144658000tumakuru (karnataka): hailing the bharatiya janata party (bjp)'s victory in the north-east states' polls, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that radicalisation can only be answered through integration.
;;0.0;;and in the gujarat assembly, the state government announced that the metro will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on march 4.
;;0.4019;;he could have spoken to prime minister narendramodi and convinced him on the necessity for cauvery management board.
;;0.6124;;having returned a good tally that halted bjp at 99 seats in prime minister narendramodi modis backyard, rahul gandhi is expected to use his enhanced standing to pursue a bold path as congress president and opt for tough decisions on organisational restructuring and electoral strategy.
;;0.4588;;he will be sworn in as the 10th chief minister of the state and the fourth bjp cm in the north-east region on march 9 at a grand function in agartala in the presence of prime minister narendramodi the bjp legislators also elected partys tribal leader and a scion of the royal family, jishnu dev varma, as the deputy chief minister.
;;-0.4404;;new delhi: it needed prime minister narendramodi modis high-voltage campaign, including showy bits like a sea-plane ride and an all-out assault on rival congresss patriotic credentials in the closing stages, to pull bjp past the finish line in a tricky election.
;;0.34;;the emotional content came at the end when the bjps top two  pm narendramodi and shah  pounced on the neech remark of congress leader mani shankar aiyar.
;;0.0;;he said socialist leader ram manohar lohia talked about smoke-less chulha and toilets for women and it is prime minister narendramodi who gave both.
;;-0.7003;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday accused the congress of insulting voters of the country by questioning the massive victory of the bjp in the lok sabha polls.
;;0.6124;;in that letter deshmukh had asked fadnavis to use his good offices with prime minister narendramodi and bjp preisdent amit shah to hasten creation of separate vidarbha state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi chairing the fifth meeting of the governing council of niti aayog, in new delhi o.
;;-0.9451;;read morenew delhi: in his first meeting with the chief ministers after re-election, prime minister narendramodi on saturday called for a collective fight against poverty, unemployment, corruption, and violence and for urgent steps to tackle drought and drinking water crisis in the country.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 11, 2018prime minister narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.34;;varanasi: following advance security liaison (asl) conducted by spg team with local administration and police, indian air force choppers conducted a fleet rehearsal on saturday for prime minister narendramodi 's proposed visit on november 12.
;;0.8807;;the congress leadership demanded that prime minister narendramodi make a statement on the judgment and sought an apology from the bjp leadership and former comptroller and auditor general vinod rai congress leaders calculate that the court ruling would help the party overcome the corruption taint on its image and help it take on the bjp with added vigour in the next round of assembly polls after a good show in gujarat.
;;0.7003;;the developments would be part of the yogi adityanath governments plan to invest rs 4,000 crore on infrastructure development in ayodhya, following prime minister narendramodi modis suggestion to develop infrastructure of religious cities, said government sources, adding that the idea is to holistically enlighten visitors with the personality of lord ram and all virtues he possessed.
;;0.5719;;kevadiya (narmada district): prime minister narendramodi celebrated his 69th birthday in his home state by participating in a gala event organized to mark the sardar sarovar dams water level touching 138.
;;0.3818;;box:pm narendramodi recalled his photography hobby after witnessing the picturesque scenes of narmada river gushing from the dam.
;;0.0;;poplai said the technology used for the project is the same as the one in prime minister narendramodi modis constituency of varanasi.
;;0.4215;;bhopal: chief minister shivraj singh chouhan met prime minister narendramodi , on wednesday during a meeting of chief ministers of three states  madhya pradesh, gujarat and maharashtra  to discuss export potential with regard to the united arab emirates (uae).
;;0.0;;on september 3, we had written to prime minister narendramodi and chief minister manohar lal khattar in blood.
;;-0.836;;lucknow: having taken a serious note of bjps shocking defeat in byelections and the recent resentment shown by four dalit mps against the state leadership, prime minister narendramodi is learnt to have expressed his concern to chief minister yogi adityanath over the state of affairs in uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;the tweet of a picture of armys dog unit on yoga day with the comment new india, was seemingly a jibe at prime minister narendramodi and the government.
;;-0.6249;;police in bhubaneswar on sunday arrested six congress workers, one of them the president of the state youth congress wing, for allegedly pulling down a poster of prime minister narendramodi during a protest over the hike in fuel prices at a filling station near delta square.
;;-0.2023;;gujarat files, that became a bestseller due to its explosive content about the alleged role of then chief minister narendramodi and bjp strongman amit shah, is about how ayyub, accompanied by a french assistant, pieces together what happened during the riots by coaxing top bureaucrats and police who had worked in gujarat between 2001 and 2010 to confide.
;;-0.4019;;around 150 of them were detained for attempting to hit an effigy of prime minster narendramodi with slippers.
;;0.0;;referring to prime minister narendramodi modis speech in lok sabha on thursday, pawar said, it was the last session of parliament before the elections.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi telephoned dattatreya and expressed grief and sent two union ministers nirmala sitharaman and santosh gangwar as governments representatives to attend the last rites.
;;0.0;;the way only prime minister narendramodi and two-four other people knew about demonetisation, similary this time too only a few people know what will happen in kashmir, shiv sena stated.
;;-0.5423;;new delhi: a patna court on saturday granted bail to former congress president rahul gandhi in connection with a defamation suit filed against him by bihar deputy cm sushil kumar modi the gandhi scion had said that all thieves had the surname modireferring to prime minister narendramodi , bank-fraud accused nirav modi and former indian premier league (ipl) commissioner lalit modiduring an election rally in karnataka's kolar district the senior bjp leader had filed the case before the chief judicial magistrate's (cjm) court in patna in april, taking exception to rahul's remark.
;;0.0772;;post cards were sent to prime minister narendramodi with a common text demanding to constitute an independent body for enabling tamil nadu to receive its due share in river cauvery.
;;0.0;;rajesh modi tweeted to prime minister narendramodi and all mlas and mps of bjp, rajkot is of vijay rupani, ahmedabad of amit shah and vadodara of pm narendramodi modi.
;;0.0;;the nda government led by prime minister narendramodi completed 100 days after coming to power for a second consecutive term with a massive mandate.
;;-0.3612;;chitradurga: accusing the congress of distorting history as part of a conspiracy to divide society, prime minister narendramodi today flayed the siddaramaiah government in karnataka for celebrating the jayantis of sultans for the sake of vote bank politics.
;;-0.3818;;in the latest book, tharoor argues that prime minister narendramodi is caught between liberal objectives and illiberal forces.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah were present in the house.
;;0.2023;;leaders of top 20 economies of the world, including prime minister narendramodi and the head of the european union are scheduled to meet in osaka, japan for the biannual g-20 summit.
;;0.6597;;delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal skipped the all-party meeting called by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday and sent party member raghav chadha to represent the party.
;;0.6705;;speaking in parliament in february, prime minister narendramodi had said he was pursuing mahatma gandhi's dream of a 'congress-mukt bharat' and accused the grand old party of eulogising the gandhi family when in power, at the cost of the country's development.
;;0.6908;;notably, prime minister narendramodi has recently outlined his vision for a new, developed and prosperous jammu and kashmir in his first speech since the abrogation of article 370, he said that article 370 had deprived the people of j&k of the benefits of well-argued and well thought out central legislations meant for the entire country.
;;0.0;;congress leader rahul gandhi also slammed prime minister narendramodi and finance minister nirmala sitharaman over their 'self-created economic disaster'.
;;-0.508;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday trained guns at the ruling siddaramaiah government in karnataka and accused them of not letting the benefits of ' fasal bima yojna ' reach the farmers.
;;0.0;;prime minister modi, while addressing kisan morcha karyakartas of karnataka through narendramodi (namo) app, said that a change in the government is needed to bring changes in the farmer's condition.
;;-0.1779;;new delhi: congress on sunday mocked prime minister narendramodi and his government for their alleged failure in creating jobs and reining in corruption as the opposition party marked april fool's day as ' jumla day '.
;;-0.2617;;panaji: the unemployment problem today is the root cause for many crimes across the state and country, all india congress committee secretary a chellakumar said on tuesday, adding that prime minister narendramodi had promised 10 crore jobs but had not delivered.
;;0.3612;;while a victory would help boost the sagging morale of the congress, which is on a downhill journey losing state after state since narendramodi came to power at the centre, defeat in karnataka, the only big state it rules apart from punjab, may further slowdown the momentum for the party.
;;0.0258;;in case the bjp gets the mandate, it reflects the enduring charisma of prime minister narendramodi and his capacity to power his party to victory across the country, clearing demographic and topographical obstacles, in combination with party's president amit shah's strategy.
;;-0.2732;;the purported victim, ramashankar patel, was one of the proposers for prime minister narendramodi when he filed his nomination from the varanasi lok sabha seat earlier this year.
;;-0.25;;claiming the congress leaders have gone in to depression in view of the widespread public support for prime minister narendramodi and chief minister jai ram thakur, he asked whether rahul gandhi was holding any constitutional post to become the chief guest of a government function at that time.
;;0.4767;;he said that narendramodi is the prime minister and every section of society and every person of the nation respect him a lot.
;;-0.6808;;jamshedpur: it was a closure of sorts for manjeet kaur , who received a compensation of rs 5 lakh announced by prime minister narendramodi for the kin of victims of the 1984 anti-sikh riots soon after he came to power in 2014.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 6, 2019prime minister narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0258;;thiruvananthapuram: prime minister narendramodi will reach kerala on january 15 and inaugurate kollam bypass, that is slated to be opened on february 2 by the state government.
;;0.4939;;47 lakh farmers in gujarat will be benefitted by the pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi scheme that was formally launched by prime minister narendramodi from gorakhpur on sunday.
;;0.1027;;parrikar was the defence minister when prime minister narendramodi , during his visit to france in 2015, announced a government-to-government deal wherein government of india would acquire 36 rafale jets in fly-away condition as quickly as possible.
;;0.0;;varanasi: prime minister narendramodi will distribute 1,000 electric potter wheels along with other pottery equipment among potters in varanasi on tuesday.
;;-0.3182;;(this story originally appeared in on jul 24, 2019)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi had closely monitored the launch of chandrayaan-2 by staying in touch with the indian space research organisation (isro) chief k. sivan and deputed his key officials including his additional principal secretary, p.k. mishra, the principal scientific advisor to government, k. vijayraghavan and the former isro chief and the honarary distinguished advisor to the department of space, k. radhakrishnan to coordinate with isro, especially during the 6-day delay in the launch.
;;-0.5267;;kolkata: after a group of eminent citizens expressed concern at the number of religious identity-based hate crimes in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee said on wednesday that whatever they stated was quite right and that she had been saying it for a long.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president and union home minister amit shah did not make a secret request to odisha chief minister naveen patnaik for the bjd's support to the bjp nominee in the rajya sabha bypolls, pradhan said.
;;-0.8442;;following the arrest of bhatt, who has accused gujarat chief minister narendramodi of complicity in the 2002 riots, police conducted a raid at his residence in memnagar area to check for evidence related to the complaint.
;;-0.6486;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest cityshahdol: b jp workers, who were charged up with the speech of prime minister narendramodi on friday, were soon in for a shock as soon as modi's chopper left for gwalior and news trickled in about sitting bjp mla from jaisingh nagar pramila singh defecting to the congress.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi is the other factor that is working on voters this election.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will dedicate the first ever 14-lane highway in the country to the nation on sunday.
;;0.0;;nrti, a pet project of prime minister narendramodi , has already started functioning temporarily from nair from september 5  teachers day  with the first batch of 103 students from 20 states of the country getting enrolled in two fully-residential undergraduate courses.
;;0.2235;;biarritz: prime minister narendramodi modis meeting with us president donald trump passed off without a hiccup with no offer of mediation on jammu and kashmir cropping up and trump, in fact, saying modi had told him the situation was under control.
;;0.6597;;pathankot: if the number of people at a political rally venue is the thumb rule for its success, then bjp and sad leadership are toiling hard to ensure a huge gathering at prime minister narendramodi modis maiden rally at gurdaspur on january 3, 2019.
;;0.0;;pm in pathankotprime minister narendramodi arrived at pathankot air force base on thursday morning, while on his way to address jan aadhar rally in dharamshala, himachal pradesh, to mark a year of bjp government in the state.
;;0.0;;boxpm, yogi in star campaign listprime minister narendramodi , uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, bjp president amit shah included in the list of star campaigners for bjp for the forthcoming polls.
;;0.1027;;once my application was cleared, i quickly booked a ticket, said desai, who was at the bandra-kurla complex grounds on friday to hear prime minister narendramodi speak.
;;0.8484;;this story is from october 21, 2018new delhi: a national award in the name of netaji subhash chandra bose will be given every year to police personnel for excellent work in rescue and relief operations during any kind of disaster, prime minister narendramodi announced sunday.
;;0.4588;;a review meeting was held with metro rail authorities on tuesday on improvement of feeder services and last mile connectivity for the 30km metro rail stretch between nagole and miyapur, which was inaugurated about two months ago by prime minister narendramodi .
;;-0.9652;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday that the lynching of a muslim man in jharkhand pained him and the guilty should be severely punished, while also stressing that it would be unfair to label the state a hub of mob violence as the law applied equally to incidents in all states.
;;0.0;;varanasi: prime minister narendramodi flagged off the first ever 10,000 hp electric locomotive converted from diesel loco at the diesel locomotive works (dlw) on tuesday.
;;0.7506;;in his address to the nation, prime minister narendramodi hailed isro's scientists saying that they live for the country and irrespective of setbacks, the country's resolve to reach the moon has strengthened more.
;;0.0772;;new delhi/ahmedabad: congress on thursday accused the election commission of acting like a captive puppet of bjp for not acting against prime minister narendramodi , who took out a roadshow on the day of polling in gujarat.
;;-0.4588;;motihari: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday firmly scotched speculation that recent communal violence has caused a rift in the bjp-jd(u) alliance, heaping fulsome praise on ally bihar chief minister nitish kumar for being a patient and able administrator fighting anti-social elements and corruption.
;;0.0;;lt commander ambika sudhakaran at the head of the indian navy contingentflying officer ragi ramachandran leads the indian air force squadprime minister narendramodi walks down rajpath, waving to the crowd having seen off the chief guest, south african president cyril ramaphosa, and president ram nath kovindmajor khushboo kanwar of the all-women assam rifles unitdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi wearing yellow and orange safa arrived at rajpath in usual fervour.
;;0.3818;;after the event, prime minister narendramodi , as usual, strode along rajpath greeting the children and youngsters lined up along the barricades and waving out to the others.
;;0.0;;new delhi: over 2,700 gifts received by prime minister narendramodi will go under the hammer from september 14, culture minister prahlad patel said.
;;-0.1027;;osaka: india has pitched strongly to deal with fugitive economic offenders , and prime minister narendramodi has flagged the issue at all global forums, the country's sherpa to g20 suresh prabhu said on saturday.
;;-0.5574;;in a hard-hitting speech, stalin used the occasion of the unveiling of a statue of his father and former dmk president m karunanidhi in chennai to take on prime minister narendramodi , dubbing him a 'nazist, fascist and sadist leader'.
;;0.0;;it will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi.
;;-0.3182;;such was bavaliyas clout that bjp lost the 2017 election here despite prime minister narendramodi addressing a massive public gathering.
;;0.1027;;the stock of expired drugs has been growing for nearly seven months and druggists have now written to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to abandon credit notes and instead replace the expired drugs with new ones.
;;-0.3804;;the chief minister was particularly critical of prime minister narendramodi and the nda government.
;;0.1779;;this story is from november 6, 2018hsiidc said minor work like cleaning and setting up boards is leftdownload the times of india news app for latest citygurugram: the inauguration of the 83-km kundli-manesar stretch of the kmp expressway by prime minister narendramodi has been postponed by a week from its earlier date of november 10.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi arrived in japan on thursday early morning to attend the g20 summit on june 28-29 in osaka.
;;0.5267;;surat: the 'national salt satyagraha memorial', which recreates the spirit of dandi march of mahatma gandhi against the salt tax imposed by british in 1930, will be dedicated to the nation by prime minister narendramodi in dandi in navsari district on wednesday.
;;0.936;;bjp state president kanna lakshminarayana had already won the trust of its national leadership including prime minister narendramodi and party supremo amit shah making him an undisputed leader in the party state wing.
;;-0.7269;;prime minister narendramodi has met bjp president amit shah , finance minister arun jaitley and agriculture minister radha mohan singh to discuss farm distress, triggering talk that the government may soon unveil a mega plan to tackle the problem.
;;0.8176;;meanwhile, the industrial development department is taking special care to ensure that the suggestions given by prime minister narendramodi during the inaugural event of the investors' summit are implemented at the earliest.
;;0.802;;adilabad: much before prime minister narendramodi promised to double farmers income, telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao had promised to turn agriculture into a festival for cultivators.
;;0.6908;;sources said that the congress had decided to corner the bjp governments at the state and centre on the issues of price rise, law and order and false promises of prime minister narendramodi in hamirpur, party workers had raised the issue of lack of coordination between the party organization and state government in the past that resulted in the debacle in the assembly elections.
;;-0.128;;all the media persons in sehore are dishonest), said pragya while laughing out her anger against local media during the birthday celebrations of prime minister narendramodi , in sehore on tuesday.
;;0.4215;;he said the government headed by chief minister narendramodi favoured heavy industrialization in the state at the cost of farmers.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday cited a special court's conclusion that cbi's inquiry into sohrabuddin case was a plot to falsely implicate political leaders, to rebut opposition's charge that his government was misusing investigating agencies against political opponents.
;;-0.6705;;according to cpi finance secretary ms bhatia: the dramatic move of demonetization by narendramodi has inflicted colossal damage on the indian economy, resulting in closure of several lakhs of small and medium enterprises, and loss of jobs to millions of workers.
;;-0.2263;;it is with this in mind that our prime minister narendramodi , during his visit to afghanistan on december 24, 2015 to inaugurate the parliament building, stopped over in lahore, pakistan, he said.
;;0.2263;;the comments come days after prime minister narendramodi termed those questioning the economic potential as professional pessimists and exuded confidence in the country becoming a $5-trillion economic giant during the course of his governments second term itself.
;;0.7579;;the young scientist said that prime minister narendramodi gave the group a free hand, and urged them to make a contribution to the army in any manner possible.
;;0.7096;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday emphasised on participation of more and more women in building 'new india' and urged the scientific community to deliberate on how ' artificial intelligence ' (ai) could help the country in helping differently abled persons, tackling natural disasters, extending health services and assisting farmers .
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi (reuters photo)prime minister narendramodi said that even those parties without president should send their representatives to the twin meetings.
;;0.0;;jaishankar's visit is mainly to finalise arrangements for president xi's visit to india later this year for the second informal summit with prime minister narendramodi in his opening remarks, jaishankar said as you know india-china relationship has a very unique place in global politics.
;;0.0;;chennai: the aiadmk (puratchi thalaivi amma) faction has said that prime minister narendramodi confirmed his participation in the valedictory function of the birth centenary celebrations of aiadmk founder m g ramachandran (mgr), organised by the faction, in october.
;;0.5106;;davos: prime minister narendramodi made a strong pitch to investors on tuesday and said the government had rolled out the red carpet and was removing red tape.
;;0.0;;throughout the time, he stood by prime minister narendramodi in all the situations and crises.
;;0.5106;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi signed off on the last episode of his monthly radio programme ' mann ki baat ' before the lok sabha elections, expressing confidence that he would be back to renew the programme in may and looked forward to several years of conversations with the public.
;;0.5719;;patnaik said that prime minister narendramodi refrained from giving any assurance to odisha to resolve the dispute with chhattisgarh during his recent visit to cuttack.
;;0.4019;;shimla: at a time when acute water shortage in shimla has brought bjp and the municipal corporation on backfoot, bjps national spokesperson dr sambit patra said that prime minister narendramodi loves himachal pradesh and he still remembers his time spent in the state.
;;0.0;;the indian government, however, dismissed president trump's astonishing claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate.
;;-0.4404;;hubballi: taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi for claiming to be a kannadiga, chief minister siddaramaiah on tuesday wondered how could a man who refused to resolve mahadayi issue and rejected the states plea for a separate flag become a kannadiga.
;;0.0;;a force of 5,000 cops policemen from different corners of the state has been stationed in amarkantak for the concluding ceremony of narmada seva yatra in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan on monday.
;;0.1027;;ahmedabad: as police conducted a rehearsal of security arrangements for prime minister narendramodi modis visit, and with people thronging the ahmedabad municipal corporations flower show on the riverfront, commuters bore the brunt of mismanagement by traffic cops, which led to major traffic jams.
;;0.3182;;varanasi: prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate over 30 finished projects and lay the foundation of over rs 2900 crore fresh projects during his scheduled varanasi visit on tuesday.
;;0.34;;as the first nepalese cricketer to play in the ipl, he had already earned a mention from prime minister narendramodi during his visit to kathmandu last month.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday launched 'kisan maan-dhan yojana' or pm-kmy and urged the farmers to join the old age pension scheme.
;;0.6808;;new delhi: the congress on thursday said the truth in the 2g spectrum allocation case had finally prevailed and prime minister narendramodi should apologise to the nation for its propaganda against the party.
;;-0.9186;;co/xbs4jrehh2  dr harsh vardhan (@drharshvardhan) 1561121465000(with inputs from agencies)new delhi: union health minister harsh vardhan on friday said that prime minister narendramodi is constantly monitoring the situation in bihar's muzaffarpur where over 120 children have died due to encephalitis vardhan said that he visited the district on the prime minister's instructions and said the centre is committed to defeat the illness.
;;-0.7269;;on the first day of his visit, modi unveiled a bust of mahatma gandhi at the prestigious yonsei university in seoul along with south korean president moon jae-in and former un secretary-general ban ki-moon pm narendramodi laid a wreath at the national cemetery of republic of korea that entombs remains of 165000 martyrs and paid homage to the fallen soldiers, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
;;0.0;;her efforts did not go unnoticed as in march 2015, prime minister narendramodi tweeted about her work and subsequently mentioned her once again in his toronto speech later that year.
;;0.5719;;trichy: tamil people should thank prime minister narendramodi for resolving the cauvery issue, as he found a solution to the century-old problem, said union minister pon radhakrishnan at mannargudi on sunday.
;;-0.0258;;this step has been implemented as the state governments project under the name sone jal sanjivani abhiyan and was initiated after prime minister narendramodi wrote a letter to village heads on june 8 requesting them to join hands to deal water crisis by constructing ponds taankas etc in their respective regions.
;;0.1027;;lauding prime minister narendramodi for his decisiveness, jaitley said unlike the previous prime minister (manmohan singh), modi has been decisive in taking steps with regard to demonetisation, surgical strike against pakistan and the goods and services tax (gst).
;;0.9052;;but what is taking centrestage in political discussions is an autorickshaw driver 's token of love for prime minister narendramodi a resident of mangaluru and an ardent modi fan, 44-year-old s satish prabhu will usher in the fourth year of modi rule by slashing autorickshaw fare to re 1 for four days from friday.
;;0.0772;;he has put up a poster on the rear of his vehicle (bearing registration number ka20 9388) announcing: on the occasion of the fourth year of the narendramodi led bjp government, the autorickshaw fare has been reduced to re 1 for up to 5km.
;;0.0258;;new delhi: in a late night announcement on monday, prime minister narendramodi said he will take a seaplane to travel from sabarmati river on tuesday morning to reach dharoi.
;;0.3182;;bengaluru: a city girl on tuesday got prime minister narendramodi to counsel parents not to exert undue pressure on their wards for excelling in academics.
;;0.0;;(with agency inputs)* prime minister narendramodi on thursday embarked on a two-day state visit to france during which he will hold talks with french president emmanuel macron .
;;0.0;;with heavyweights such as prime minister narendramodi , congress leader rahul gandhi and cpm leader sitaram yechury flocking to kochi, election campaign has started informally and the byelection will test the water.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi , faleiro said that the incident flew in the face of his swachh bharat campaign.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister narendramodi is likely to dedicate the new indo-nepal railway line being laid between jaynagar (india) and bardibas (nepal) soon.
;;0.8519;;kochi: addressing an impressive gathering of his partys booth level leaders from across kerala on tuesday, congress president rahul gandhi tore into prime minister narendramodi , saying that his regime is trying to create two indias, one for the richest of the rich and the other for the poor and marginalised.
;;0.765;;we have decided that if narendramodi can give maximum income guarantee to 15 rich people, we will give minimum income guarantee to every single citizen, he said.
;;0.2732;;we have committed that in 2019, we will have a government that will make up for all the crimes that narendramodi has done against farmers in five years, gandhi said.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi is all set to inaugurate the 4.
;;0.34;;training guns at bjp mps, he claimed that no other mp from haryana dared to express themselves in the presence of prime minister narendramodi as they were permitted to open their mouth only to praise him.
;;0.0;;punjab chief minister capt amarinder singh met prime minister narendramodi on the issue and urged him to release rs 100 per quintal as compensation for farmers.
;;0.453;;but, chief minister ys jagan mohan reddy, after meeting prime minister narendramodi in delhi, stated that he could not demand special status from the nda government as it has a big strength in the lok sabha.
;;-0.128;;gandhi's remarks came days after bjp leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , attacked the congress during the campaigning for the may 12 karnataka assembly polls for promoting dynasty politics and called rahul gandhi a 'naamdar'.
;;0.34;;hyderabad: elaborate security arrangements have been made for prime minister narendramodi modis public meeting at lb stadium scheduled for december 3 .
;;0.4019;;co/tvgoguvk4l  pib india (@pib_india) 1526951288000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi arrived here on late tuesday midnight after wrapping up his one-day informal summit with russian president vladimir putin in russia's sochi in a special gesture, president vladimir putin personally bid farewell to pm narendramodi at the airport at the conclusion of pm's short visit to russia.
;;0.0;;varanasi: during his visit to the city on tuesday, prime minister narendramodi will flag-off the worlds first electric engine converted from diesel locomotive at the diesel locomotive works (dlw).
;;-0.6705;;new delhi/london: days after a violent mob of overseas pakistanis and khalistanis vandalised the indian high commission in london , british premier boris johnson on tuesday regretted the incident in a telephonic conversation with prime minister narendramodi in the first conversation with johnson after he became prime minister, modi drew attention to the challenges posed by vested interests pursuing their motivated agenda, including by violent means.
;;0.0;;volodin said the parliamentary delegations interactions with prime minister narendramodi and vice-president venkaiah naidu have been very fruitful.
;;0.2023;;another problem is that all the top leaders, from pm narendramodi , to party president amit shah, speak in hindi, something which is a disconnect with most telangana people, except in some urban pockets.
;;0.8271;;this perception of the party being a second front of prime minister narendramodi has emerged in recent year with the aimim contesting elections in maharashtra and uttar pradesh, where it indirectly ensured that the muslim votes got split, helping the bjp win.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi has approved the motor vehicle (amendment) bill.
;;0.3612;;new delhi: chief minister arvind kejriwal on wednesday appealed to prime minister narendramodi to grant full statehood status to delhi.
;;-0.0258;;co/dxueeikzxu  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1567654209000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday described the blast at a firecracker factory in punjab as heart-wrenching and hoped for the early recovery of those injured.
;;0.4215;;co/sbrmsqkvtl  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1513222801000mumbai: prime minister narendramodi today commissioned the ins kalvari submarine saying it will play a big part in india's defence.
;;-0.1531;;kanyakumari: prime minister narendramodi who will visit the district on tuesday will not be visiting cyclone ockhi affected fishermen or farmers at their place owing to technical reasons and will instead meet them at kanyakumari.
;;-0.1531;;the minister said that affected fishermen and farmers have been invited to meet narendramodi at an alternate location in kanyakumari.
;;0.0;;this would be the first meeting on trade issues after the meeting of prime minister narendramodi with the us president in japan on the sidelines of the g20 summit.
;;-0.2732;;without naming congress or any of the other players in gujarat, shah told a press conference that bjp had not factored in that the level of campaign by its rivals would stoop to such low levels, especially the kind of language that was used against prime minister narendramodi , an obvious reference to the neech remark by congress leader mani shankar aiyer.
;;0.296;;yusra alamburdwan: a 14-year-old girl from pirbahram in east burdwan will join prime minister narendramodi and scientists to watch the chandrayan-ii monn landing live from india space research organizations control room in bengaluru early on september 7.
;;-0.6597;;madurai the manmohan singh government weakened the lokpal and lok ayukta while the narendramodi government made it even worse for these anti-corruption bodies, alleged social activist anna hazare here on saturday.
;;-0.5448;;prime minister narendramodi had not fulfilled the promises he made when he first walked into the parliament, he said.
;;0.0;;full text of prime minister narendramodi modis statement on his us tripmy upcoming usa visit would include various high-level programmes that would further cement indias ties with usa, https://t.
;;0.7184;;co/5kruhttosx  narendramodi (@narendramodi) 1568985774000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday said that his visit to the us from september 21 to 27 would present india as a vibrant land of opportunities.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to embark on a seven-day visit to the us where he will be seen interacting with ceos of leading energy companies in houston before his address at the 74th session of united nation general assembly in new york.
;;0.8885;;prime minister narendramodi being enthusiastically welcomed by the indian community, in manama, bahrain (pti)in a kind and humanitarian gesture, the government of bahrain has pardoned 250 indians serving sentences in bahrain https://t.
;;0.2732;;co/qtb2opcxmt  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1566712521000manama (bahrain): in an humanitarian gesture, the bahrain government on sunday pardoned 250 indians serving sentences in the gulf nation during the maiden visit of prime minister narendramodi to the oil-rich country.
;;0.0;;he said they were looking forward to the next programme of canada-india business council in new delhi on thursday, followed by a dinner with prime minister narendramodi , union ministers, and mps.
;;0.5719;;panaji: the indian coast guard fraternity at goa joined prime minister narendramodi and other countrymen in wholeheartedly celebrating the fifth international yoga day on 21 jun 2019.
;;0.2023;;new delhi/ moradabad: union home minister amit shah , uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and bjp working president jp nadda on sunday tuned in to prime minister narendramodi 's radio programme ' mann ki baat ' which resumed after over two months.
;;0.1397;;it is not only believed to be one of the most important occasions for jains but also tourists and political leaders as evident from the fact that president ram nath kovind inaugurated it and prime minister narendramodi took part in its concluding ceremony.
;;0.2023;;quick edit:mumbai: prime minister narendramodi on saturday said the isro scientists will be undeterred by the setback on the chandrayaan-2 mission, and asserted the nation will achieve its goal of reaching the moon.
;;0.4019;;mumbai: ending days of speculation about him joining the bjp, ncp's lok sabha member udayanraje bhosale on friday declared he is joining the ruling party in the presence of prime minister narendramodi in delhi on saturday.
;;0.6369;;(pti)houston: the howdy, modi diaspora rally here addressed by prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump was a tremendous display of bigger ideas and visionary leadership to further accelerate the indo-us strategic partnership, a top american diplomat has said.
;;0.8555;;chennai: a day after former chief minister o panneerselvam wished prime minister narendramodi on his successful completion of three years in office, chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on saturday congratulated modi and also thanked him for extending cooperation and support to the state government.
;;0.4215;;the governor was satisfied with our replies, palaniswami told reporters after the 30-minute meeting at raj bhavan that came a day after purohit met prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh in new delhi.
;;0.4404;;bhopal: known for his matchless publicity campaigns, madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan gave a unique gift to prime minister narendramodi on completing three years in office, a eulogistic video composition titled 'saal teen behtareen', showcasing the achievements of modi government's three years.
;;0.0;;the comments by trump were his first and comes two weeks since his meeting with prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the g7 summit in france on august 26.
;;0.3182;;visakhapatnam: bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) city wing, refusing to back down, submitted a fresh letter on thursday to the chief ministers office seeking permission to hold prime minister narendramodi modis meeting at the au engineering college grounds.
;;0.4019;;the minister was in meetings with prime minister narendramodi as late as last evening, the latter tweeted, calling him a devoted public servant.
;;0.4767;;his statement comes a day after prime minister narendramodi extended invitation for alliance with former friends (dmk and aiadmk).
;;0.4939;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday met leaders of various political parties having representation in parliament to explore possibilities of holding lok sabha and assembly elections together amid no show by various opposition parties.
;;0.7964;;kashmiri pandits, who had gathered in washington dc from various parts of the united states, raised slogans in support of prime minister narendramodi for taking the bold and historic step.
;;0.0;;in an email interview to rajeev deshpande, he spoke about his encounter with prime minister narendramodi during the shooting of man vs wild, which will be telecast on monday.
;;0.6597;;vadodara: it was a pleasant surprise for 57-year-old ruksana sheikh, who lives in chhota udepur, when she was informed a couple of days back that she will be talking to prime minister narendramodi through video conference on thursday.
;;0.5574;;the former career diplomat also lavished praise on prime minister narendramodi for the changes in the country in the last five years.
;;0.3818;;it measured the activity on the hashtag #gujaratelection2017 between december 1 and 18 and found that prime minister narendramodi was the top mentioned political figure, chief minister vijay rupani was the most mentioned election candidate, and development the top conversation topic.
;;0.128;;it was launched on the sidelines of the un climate change conference during the prime minister narendramodi modis visit to paris in november, 2015.
;;-0.4019;;aurangabad: prime minister narendramodi should have ascertained his statement about pakistan before criticising him, ncp chief sharad pawar said here on friday.
;;0.3612;;gorakhpur: prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the kisan samman nidhi yojana from gorakhpur under which rs 2,000, the first installment of rs 6,000 annual financial assistance to farmers announced in interim budget will be credited to farmers account on february 24, said bjp zonal vice president, stayendra sinha.
;;0.128;;the reliance chairman made four commitments to up in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and cm yogi.
;;0.4767;;singapore: prime minister narendramodi on thursday felicitated the winners of the first india- singapore hackathon, a platform for the youth of the two countries to harness and showcase their innovations.
;;0.6705;;pm narendramodi met and felicitated the winning teams of india singapore hackathon, agreed to during the visit of pm to singapore in june 2018, ministry of external affairs spokesman raveesh kumar tweeted.
;;0.0;;he made the announcement, while speaking to reporters after inspecting the rs 150 crore super-speciality hospital, which will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on january 27.
;;0.1027;;kanpur: the countrys first semi-high speed t-18 express, later named vande bharat , flagged off by prime minister narendramodi on friday from new delhi, reached the kanpur central railway station 58 minutes late on sunday.
;;0.4588;;they said 'yes', they will benefit, gadkari said at a news conclave here on the four years of prime minister narendramodi 's government.
;;0.0;;he said the government has submitted memorandums and copies of resolutions passed in the legislative assembly and all-party meetings to prime minister narendramodi and others urging them to expedite the process to constitute the board and committee.
;;0.6597;;there is a possibility that congress, samajwadi party, bahujan samaj party and the aam aadmi party may not field their candidates if patel fights against prime minister narendramodi from varanasi.
;;0.5574;;rajinikanthchennai: a day after actor rajinikanth hailed prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah as krishna and arjuna for removing the special status to jammu and kashmir, president of tamil nadu congress committee k s alagiri asked the actor to read mahabharatham properly.
;;-0.2732;;lucknow: days after two bjp mps wrote to prime minister narendramodi , another parliamentarian from up's nagina, yashwant singh, has written to the centre on the increasing marginalisation of the dalit community in india while questioning the failed promises on pending bills on quota in promotions.
;;-0.0772;;we still believe that odisha chief minister naveen patnaik struck a secret deal with prime minister narendramodi to escape the cbi guillotine.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , in his independence day address, had appealed to the countrymen to shun single-use plastic.
;;0.3818;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi instructed his council of ministers on wednesday to make only those claims which can be established and also not to appoint their near and dear ones in advisory roles in ministries.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi held the first pragati meeting of his second term, today: aninew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday chaired his thirtieth interaction through pragati - the ict-based, multi-modal platform for pro-active governance and timely implementation.
;;0.7469;;kcr may overtly appear to be criticizing bjp and congress, but covertly he is a strong supporter of prime minister narendramodi and his rhetoric is under the influence of amit shah, he said.
;;0.25;;the choice of orange has sparked debates back home with some opposition politicians accusing prime minister narendramodi 's right-wing hindu nationalist party of pushing its trademark saffron hue on the team.
;;0.0;;mangaluru: the pitched campaigns of prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah in the coast have decimated the congress into oblivion in these parts, especially in the key districts of dakshina kannada and udupi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi inaugurated india's first multi-modal terminal on the ganga river in his parliamentary constituency and received the country's first container cargo transported on inland waterways from kolkata.
;;0.4215;;in 2014, narendramodi succeeded in making the parliamentary election resemble a presidential contest.
;;-0.3612;;agra: as soon as chief minister yogi adityanath reached kothi meena bazaar on friday afternoon to oversee preparations for prime minister narendramodi modis rally at the place on january 9, he was met with disgruntled residents demanding solutions to problems ranging from water scarcity to corruption in government schemes.
;;-0.34;;it was about a month ago that prime minister narendramodi , during his monthly radio address 'mann ki baat', stressed on the idea of bidding adieu to single-use plastic with an aim to make india plastic-free from october 2.
;;0.5423;;hubballi/bengaluru: hours before prime minister narendramodi could land in hubballi on sunday to launch the bjps lok sabha campaign in the state, state bjp president bs yeddyurappa dropped a bombshell by admitting that the voice in an audio clip released by chief minister hd kumaraswamy of him trying to buy the loyalty of a jd(s) mla, was indeed his.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 5, 2019pm narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.5719;;bhubaneswar: less than a fortnight ago on december 24, a key part of prime minister narendramodi modis speech at a public meeting in khurda was his reference to the chit fund scam in the state.
;;0.0;;in my individual capacity, i am appealing to prime minister narendramodi and jal shakti minister gajendra singh shekhawat to take over the polavaram project so as to complete it in a span of one-and-a-half-years, he said.
;;0.0;;addressing a mammoth gathering of page observers here, shah added that the nda is only going to install the next government under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.34;;police said an elaborate security cordon has been thrown over jc nagar, in view of prime minister narendramodi 's rally at the adjoining palace grounds.
;;-0.128;;hardik said that they protested by shaving off their hair at the same place of saurashtra where prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated saurashtra narmada avataran irrigation (sauni) project on april 17.
;;0.1027;;vijila sathyananth of the aiadmk said the governor's rule was necessary in jammu and kashmir after the mess it had witnessed and expressed confidence that prime minister narendramodi would lead the way for a transformative solution to its problems.
;;0.0;;also get prime minster narendramodi to visit these places.
;;0.4939;;sggu officials said that the mous were inspired by a recent conference of director generals of police where prime minister narendramodi had mentioned that such exchanges should take place.
;;0.0;;this is the first proposal shah has moved in the lok sabha after being appointed as the home minister in the second tenure of the narendramodi government.
;;0.0;;premchandaran said prime minister narendramodi is advocating for simultaneous state assembly and lok sabha polls in the country then why assembly polls were not held along with general elections in jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.2263;;new delhi: lok sabha on tuesday witnessed an uproar over us president donald trump 's remarks on kashmir mediation, with congress demanding a reply from prime minister narendramodi on the issue.
;;0.0;;chennai: prime minister narendramodi is likely to inaugurate the chennai-madurai tejas express on march 1, southern railway officials told toi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;a pmo communication said prime minister narendramodi , who will be in jalpaiguri on friday, will inaugurate the circuit bench  31 years after it was first conceived in 1988  after laying the foundation stone for the four-laning of falakata-salsalabari section of national highway-31d there.
;;0.0;;the reason: prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit the place in sant kabir nagar district, 300 km away from lucknow.
;;0.0;;guwahati: bjp president ranjeet kumar dass on monday said prime minister narendramodi will kick off the partys lok sabha poll campaign from the state on january 4.
;;0.4118;;tirupur: prime minister narendramodi on sunday launched a stinging attack on the congress, the dmk and other political rivals joining hands against the bjp, but spared mention of the aiadmk , keeping open the option of an alliance with tamil nadu's ruling party.
;;-0.4215;;the event is likely to be flagged off by prime minister narendramodi , but there is no confirmation as yet.
;;-0.765;;bhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister kamal nath on sunday launched a scathing attack on the nda government at the centre and said the bjp government led by prime minister narendramodi betrayed the farmers and youth of the country.
;;0.0;;the 182-metre statue was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in october 2018.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi has given a positive assurance and the central team, which visited the state, will apprise the centre about the losses, he said.
;;0.0;;jaipur: with a close finish in the assembly polls showing that prime minister narendramodi will continue to be a factor in the state in the 2019 general elections, it is likely that congress will consider aicc general secretary ashok gehlot as the more apt chief minister for rajasthan for such circumstances.
;;0.0;;new delhi: pm narendramodi has also included france in his itinerary for his tour to europe starting may 29.
;;0.4215;;mysurus young yoga exponent kushi h recently got the opportunity to meet prime minister narendramodi in new delhi, during which she put on a presentation to consider yoga a sport.
;;0.0;;earlier, netaji subhash chandra bose 's grandnephew, chandra kumar bose, in an open letter, had asked prime minister narendramodi to announce the former's birth anniversary as 'patriots day' or 'deshprem diwas'.
;;-0.296;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi , his ministers and first time lok sabha members -- amit shah , ravi shankar prasad and smriti irani-- have been given front row seats along with upa chairperson sonia gandhi in the lower house, while congress leader rahul gandhi retains his old seat in the second row.
;;0.0;;the statue of unity is likely to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on october 31.
;;-0.5859;;meerut: in a sharp attack at bhim army chief chandrashekhar azad who has announced to contest from varanasi against prime minister narendramodi , bahujan samaj party chief mayawati has dubbed it a conspiracy by bjp to divide dalit votes.
;;-0.8271;;in his speech, akhilesh targeted prime minister narendramodi for failing to check the killing of army jawans on the borders.
;;0.0;;congress claims that parrikar is using the files to blackmail prime minister narendramodi in order to hold on to his post as the chief minister of the state.
;;0.2732;;he also alleged that karnataka bjp chief b s yeddyurappa's personal assistant as well as union minister piyush goyal were carrying out 'operation kamala' on the direction of prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah.
;;0.4019;;manali: chief minister jai ram thakur has said that on his recent trip to delhi, prime minister narendramodi expressed his wish to visit lahaul-spiti via rohtang tunnel.
;;0.5267;;on the last day of the session on july 25, the state government has reportedly planned to move a congratulatory resolution for prime minister narendramodi and amit shah for winning the lok sabha elections.
;;0.224;;chennai: chief minister edappadi k palaniswamy finds himself in a predicament, having mounted pressure on the centre by revealing that prime minister narendramodi was not keen on meeting an all-party delegation from tamil nadu to discuss the establishment of the cauvery water management board , as directed by the supreme court in its february 16 verdict.
;;0.0;;rajkot: senior congress leader salman khurshid on saturday alleged that the narendramodi modis fairytale government has become a nightmare.
;;0.0;;before proceeding for morbi, khurshid, while talking to media persons in rajkot, alleged that prime minister narendramodi did only campaigns in its four years of rule rather than some real work.
;;0.6705;;new delhi: a committee for giving time-bound suggestions on the issue of 'one nation, one election' will be set up by prime minister narendramodi , defence minister rajnath singh announced on wednesday after a meeting of chiefs of political parties.
;;0.4404;;kolkata: leaders from over a dozen opposition parties came together on saturday, vowing at a mega rally here to put up a united fight in the coming lok sabha elections and oust prime minister narendramodi from power.
;;-0.2263;;this story is from december 20, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citydharamshala: a day after a row erupted over the shifting of the venue of prime minister narendramodi modis rally to be held here on december 27, himachal pradesh minister kishan kapoor on tuesday said the decision was taken after the security agencies rejected it.
;;0.0772;;co/pnbjjviibj  mayawati (@mayawati) 1562494438000lucknow: hitting out at prime minister narendramodi for his size of the cake matters remark, bsp supremo mayawati said on sunday the pm is talking about cake for people when a majority of them is reeling under the problem of roti-rozi.
;;0.6369;;file photojammu: the bjp will observe 'seva saptah' (service week) from september 14 across the country to pray for long life and good health of prime minister narendramodi , a senior leader said on saturday.
;;-0.5719;;his profile photo is of prime minister narendramodi and his entire social media presence is filled with hate against kejriwal.
;;0.3818;;traffic on several stretches could be diverted during rush hours as prime minister narendramodi , uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and around 80 delegates from some of the 196 participating countries are scheduled to attend the 14th session of the conference of party (cop-14) at the expo mart in greater noida both pm modi and chief minister yogi adityanath are expected to use a helicopter to arrive at the venue, but the traffic police said there could be diversions on the dnd flyway and noida-greater noida expressway in case the vvips take the road instead.
;;0.4019;;khandu urged prime minister narendramodi to intervene and resolve the matter.
;;0.0;;* the bjp , whose election campaign in karnataka was spearheaded by prime minister narendramodi , appears to be on course to form the government in karnataka, with the congress settling at a distant second after initial rounds of counting.
;;0.0;;the first one of this year - named param shivay - was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi at iit-bhu in varanasi in february.
;;-0.7579;;new delhi: aap would protest outside the residence of prime minister narendramodi on sunday to urge him to speak on the kathua and unnao rapes.
;;0.6486;;at that time, bjps pm candidate narendramodi had come out with a slogan promising to protect women.
;;0.0;;jab hamari sarkar hogi tab hamsey poochna (you ask this question to prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0;;the chief minister submitted a list of proposals, seeking release of funds to the tune of rs 17,350 crore, during his meeting with prime minister narendramodi these proposals, including gst dues from the centre and allocation for local bodies among others, were the same that cm has repeatedly submitted to the centre in the past three years.
;;0.0;;palanpur: back from china, chief minister narendramodi observed a day-long fast in patan as part of his sadbhavana mission.
;;-0.2263;;moscow: russia will press india for early placement of final orders for 200 kamov ka-226 light utility helicopters under a $1 billion joint manufacturing deal, delayed by almost a year, when president vladimir putin meets prime minister narendramodi for bilateral talks at the eastern economic forum in vladivostok next week.
;;-0.5574;;sources said, the action was in line with prime minister narendramodi 's address to the nation from the ramparts of red fort when he said some black sheep in the tax administration may have misused their powers and harassed taxpayers, either by targeting honest assesses or by taking excessive action for minor or procedural violations.
;;0.0258;;through sitharaman, they are able to reach out to prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, whenever there is need, said another leader.
;;0.6369;;he also praised the bjp-led nda government at the centre saying not a single family would remain without shelter by 2022 given the vision of prime minister narendramodi to provide housing for members of all sections of the society.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi led by example by participating in the membership drive in his constituency varanasi on saturday.
;;-0.743;;his aggressive campaign against prime minister narendramodi made him bjps enemy no.
;;-0.7717;;allah will defeat prime minister narendramodi , insult naidu, ensure rahul gandhis defeat and majils victory, he said.
;;0.3058;;prime minister narendramodi may have forgiven her for previous statements but this country will never pardon her reckless statements.
;;-0.9584;;tonk (rajasthan): prime minister narendramodi on saturday deplored incidents of harassment of kashmiris outside jammu & kashmir after the pulwama terror attack and said indias fight is not against kashmir or its residents but terrorism and enemies of humanity.
;;0.7003;;pachpadra (barmer): amid an erupting crowd of over two lakh chanting his name, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday flagged off commencement of work on the rs 43,129-crore rajasthan refinery here and said the project will provide new energy to india when she celebrates her 75th year of independence in 2022.
;;-0.5574;;gandhi, whose party had announced the fast over a variety of issues, including alleged caste and communal violence, accused prime minister narendramodi of being anti-dalit.
;;-0.6369;;the accused updated his mobile number on truecaller under the name of dadri mla tejpal nagar with a fake display picture of nagar with prime minister narendramodi he then found sp city arun kumar singhs number on the internet and called him to demand the release of saurabhs seized bike.
;;0.4588;;washington: prime minister narendramodi will be visiting new york and houston in the third week of september, continuing new delhi's tradition of engagement with the trump administration and the indian-american community in the us on the sidelines of the un general assembly meet.
;;0.4767;;ahead of the session, the bjp parliamentary party was reconstituted with prime minister narendramodi as the leader of the house in the lok sabha and defence minister rajnath singh being his deputy.
;;0.3182;;on sunday, prime minister narendramodi chaired a customary all-party meet where he said that the parliament session should begin with fresh zeal and new thinking.
;;0.2732;;he will also pay a courtesy visit to prime minister narendramodi following his landslide victory in the december 7 assembly elections for the second time.
;;0.4019;;congress legislature party leader mukesh agnihotri asked him to tell about the rallies of prime minister narendramodi and money spent on those.
;;0.926;;new delhi: finding something good prime minister narendramodi has done would be like looking for a needle in a haystack, senior congress leader salman khurshid said on sunday, days after some party leaders called for praising the pm whenever he does good work.
;;0.6808;;to counter prime minister narendramodi modis recent promise to give rs 6,000 per acre a year to 12 crore farmers, kumaraswamy announced a new scheme called raitha siri to offer farmers financial assistance of rs10,000 per hectare to encourage farmers to grow millets.
;;-0.7922;;chennai: dmk working president m k stalin has accused prime minister narendramodi of murdering democracy by ensuring the swearing-in of a bjp government in karnataka that did not enjoy a majority.
;;0.4939;;the congress in kerala on tuesday decided to seek an explanation from shashi tharoor , mp, who is facing flak over his remark that prime minister narendramodi should be praised for doing the right things.
;;0.1154;;mumbai/new delhi: prime minister narendramodi might have flown vvip flights around the world in in his forty two month long tenure, but the thirty minute long flight that he took on monday to travel the 180 km distance from sabarmati river to dharoi dam in mehsana will go down in the annals of vvip flying for a number of firsts.
;;-0.296;;chandigarh: punjab chief minister amarinder singh has sought personal intervention of prime minister narendramodi to put a stop to the practice of making frequent changes in the guidelines of rashtriya krishi vikas yojana (rkvy).
;;0.743;;new delhi: on a day prime minister narendramodi sought positive and innovative arguments in parliament, nda prepared to counter the opposition over its bid to corner modi on his comments on pakistan and former pm manmohan singh by raking up a dinner for pakistani dignitaries by congress veteran mani shankar aiyar generally, winter starts with diwali.
;;0.802;;the annual meet, which was opened by prime minister narendramodi on may 23, saw indian policy makers promising greater engagement of india into overall development of the african continent.
;;-0.8462;;pm modi speaking in rs (rstv/pti photo)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the lynching of a young man by a mob in jharkhand had pained him but said it was unfair to blame the entire state for it.
;;0.4588;;bhubaneswar: the women and child development department has planned a grand mission shakti convention in puri coinciding with prime minister narendramodi modis rally at baripada in mayurbhanj district on january 5.
;;0.0;;in a reference to prime minister narendramodi , tawde said, but.
;;0.9136;;kathmandu: india is ready to be the sherpa to help nepal scale the mountain of success, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday, hailing the himalayan nation's successful journey from bullets to ballots.
;;0.6249;;paswan on thursday shot off a letter to prime minister narendramodi with his demand to protect the interest of scs and sts.
;;0.4404;;he thanked prime minister narendramodi and said, the step is in line with the bjp government's 'sabka saath, sabka vikash, sabka vishwas' mantra.
;;0.0;;also, the national conference of director general of police (dgps) is planned at kevadia colony on december 19 and 20 which the prime minister narendramodi will chair through video conferencing.
;;-0.4019;;kanpur: sounding caution to both the central and the up governments ramjanmabhoomi nyas president nritya gopal das said here on friday that if the two together failed to build the temple now, prime minister narendramodi and cm yogi adityanath would lose trust of the people.
;;0.3182;;chief minister ys jaganmohan reddy had reminded the centre of the scs promise during his two meetings with prime minister narendramodi in the last one month.
;;0.7506;;the state government had expected the centre to be benevolent after prime minister narendramodi received chief minister ys jaganmohan warmly during their first meeting after the elections.
;;-0.6249;;mishra (78), who was in charge of the micro, small and medium enterprises portfolio in the modi government, had resigned in 2017 after he he had crossed 75 years beyond which bjp leaders are barred from occupying official posts and cannot contest elections under an unwritten rule brought in by prime minister narendramodi he was elected as an mp in 2014 lok sabha elections from deoria in which he had defeated bahujan samaj party's niyaj ahmad with a margin of over 2.
;;0.3612;;naidu, who interacted with party leaders through teleconference, criticised prime minister narendramodi , alleging he was capable of resorting to anarchism.
;;0.0;;she said the state government is working on the path shown by prime minister narendramodi to double the income of farmers.
;;-0.2023;;indore: prime minister narendramodi on sunday took a dig at congress general secretary digvijaya singh and alleged that he was not campaigning for the party because people would remember the bad state of affairs in madhya pradesh during his tenure as chief minister.
;;-0.128;;his remarks came days after prime minister narendramodi on monday categorically rejected any scope for third party mediation on kashmir, saying it was a bilateral issue between india and pakistan - a position that was immediately backed by us president donald trump who had recently offered to mediate.
;;0.8126;;former union minister jitin prasada (file photo)thnew delhi: claiming population control as a congress plank in the wake of prime minister narendramodi modis independence day exhortation, young leader and former union minister jitin prasada on thursday said the party should make the issue part of its active agenda with the idea of stabilising population in national interest.
;;0.0;;this thursday, prime minister narendramodi inaugurated a new regional air connectivity scheme which aims to put smaller cities on the aviation map.
;;-0.1027;;(ani)new delhi: the congress on tuesday panned prime minister narendramodi 's reply to the motion of thanks to the president's address, alleging that he resorted to old evading tactics to hoodwink the common people as if he was still in election mode and failed to address the real issues.
;;0.0;;the 182-metre statue was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in october 2018.
;;0.25;;referring to prime minister narendramodi modis move to provide 10  quota for economically weaker section (ews), deshmukh said the same criteria should ideally apply for rte as well.
;;0.1531;;vijayawada: chief minister n chandrababu naidu on saturday said prime minister narendramodi is visiting guntur on sunday to rub salt to the state bifurcation wounds and derive sadistic pleasure over the suffering of people in ap.
;;0.743;;he congratulated prime minister narendramodi for his unwavering commitment towards ensuring unity and integrity of our motherland.
;;0.3612;;the cm had arrived in greater noida to oversee preparations for prime minister narendramodi modis visit to inaugurate petrotech 2019 on monday.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 26, 2018the first passenger train was which was flagged off by prime minister narendramodi from dibrugarh on tuesday.
;;-0.6808;;kcr is trying to fool farmers by criticising prime minister narendramodi for not having done anything concrete for the welfare of the ryots.
;;-0.3182;;chouhan lauded prime minister narendramodi for building the nation and alleged congress prime ministers nehru, indira gandhi and rajeev gandhi weakened' the country.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (reuters photo)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi is likely to launch the campaign against single-use plastic (sup) on september 11 from mathura.
;;0.5106;;sources added the bjp was trying to coordinate and see if prime minister narendramodi was free to travel to goa for the inauguration.
;;0.296;;kolkata: there will be a strong presence of bengal in the singapore-india ceos forum on wednesday in the back drop of the visit of prime minister narendramodi in this island nation for the second time.
;;-0.3182;;recalling a call given by prime minister narendramodi during his visit to ujire in 2017 to preserve the environment, heggade said given that a lack of irrigation facilities is a stark reality that most parts of karnataka faces, and 120-odd taluks are facing a drought-like situation, the kshetra will take up lake development with the department of minor irrigation in a big way.
;;0.4215;;biarritz/london: prime minister narendramodi has discussed with un chief antonio guterres his proposal for a global coalition for disaster-resilient infrastructure, which india hopes to launch on the margins of the un general assembly next month.
;;0.6908;;in his letter shah reiterated the contributions made by his party for andhra pradesh saying that prime minister narendramodi has always held the interest of the people of the state paramount.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi has left no stone unturned in ensuring the growth and prosperity of the people of andhra pradesh, he wrote.
;;0.4019;;earlier this month, tdp - which has 16 mps in rajya sabha - announced its decision to quit the bjp-led nda at the centre, a week after two of its representatives left the narendramodi government and a day after ysr congress moved a no-trust motion against the modi government over the issue of special status for andhra pradesh.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi kept election schedule in mind while suspending his monthly radio programme for over two months.
;;0.0258;;varanasi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday referred to rajiv gandhis famous remark that only 15  of central funds reached the targeted beneficiaries to attack the congress, saying if his government followed the corrupt practices set by the previous upa regime, nearly rs 4.
;;0.0772;;washington: us president donald trump will hold a number of meetings with world leaders, including prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping , on the sidelines of g-20 meeting in japan this week and is expected to discuss several issues, including trade.
;;0.0;;the list of his meetings on the sidelines of the g-20 summit include, australian prime minister scott morrison, japanese prime minister shinzo abe, prime minister narendramodi , chancellor angela merkel of germany, russian president vladimir putin , saudi crown prince mohammad bin salman, chinese president xi jinping and president recep tayyip erdogan from turkey, the official said.
;;-0.7783;;mevani dubbed prime minister narendramodi modis speech in chamarajanagar on tuesday dull and a disaster.
;;0.34;;the venue of the rally would be same where prime minister narendramodi and former chief minister bhupinder singh hooda had addressed rallies on september 8 and august 18, respectively.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 15, 2019prime minister narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;thiruvananthapuram: prime minister narendramodi 's visit to kerala on tuesday will set the tone for the bjp's campaign for the upcoming lok sabha elections.
;;-0.1027;;imphal: life was paralyzed in imphal on friday owing to a 'total shutdown' imposed by the coordinating committee (corcom) of four prominent underground organisations and other outlawed groups to denounce prime minister narendramodi 's manipur visit.
;;-0.7269;;the congress leader also condemned prime minister narendramodi for his indirect taunt against former finance minister p chidambaram during the recent public meeting in tirupur, where he indirectly referred to chidambaram as a recounting minister and termed him arrogant.
;;-0.2263;;in chennai, stalin demanded that prime minister narendramodi should intervene to end the controversy.
;;0.7269;;conveyed pm's (prime minister narendramodi ) greetings and appreciation for implementing india first'.
;;0.0;;shah should withdraw his suggestion and prime minister narendramodi should intervene to put an end to the controversy.
;;-0.4588;;ludhiana: at a time when several initiatives are being taken under prime minister narendramodi modis flagship cleanliness initiative swachh bharat mission, the residents of model town extension have to bear the foul smell emanating from the heaps of garbage, which has been lying here for a long time.
;;0.34;;emmanuel bonne, advisor to president of france meets prime minister narendramodi : aninew delhi: france's national security advisor (nsa) emmanuel bonne met prime minister narendramodi here on thursday.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi modis call to reform, perform and transform could be inspirational to scale new heights in efficiency and transformational leadership.
;;-0.6597;;he added that after pulwama attack shocked the country, prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah and up chief minister yogi adityanath was busy holding public meetings.
;;0.7269;;rijiju also spoke about government's ambitious project - fit india movement - which will be launched by prime minister narendramodi on august 29 at the indira gandhi stadium here.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will be the star speaker at the 2019 edition of the global business summit (gbs) presented by yes bank and the economic times and powered by facebook .
;;0.0;;davos: prime minister narendramodi today met swiss president alain berset here and discussed ways to deepen bilateral ties on the sidelines of the world economic forum (wef) annual summit.
;;-0.2263;;meanwhile, the union has written separate letters to prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath demanding action against right-wing activists for tarnishing the reputation of the educational institution by engineering the controversy over the removal of jinnahs portrait.
;;0.1655;;prime minister narendramodi 's call to save cows from plastic two years ago had spurred local authorities but littering of plastic waste and cattle feeding on garbage, including plastic, in cities is a common sight and plastic pollution can be seen even in rural areas including eco-sensitive ones like hills and sea coasts.
;;0.7906;;gorakhpur: chief minister aditya nath yogi, on friday, praised prime minister narendramodi for completion of three successful years of nda government with its policy of 'sabka saath, sabka vikas' and setting new milestones for development.
;;0.886;;he said the bjp's landslide victory in the lok sabha election was a triumph of prime minister narendramodi 's extraordinary popularity and credited the party workers for the victory.
;;0.6259;;ahmedabad: the shadow of encounters may have lifted from narendramodi and amit shah , as the report of the special task force headed by justice bedi, which probed 17 encounters between 2002 and 2007 when modi and shah were at helm of gujarat, has not named any top cops and politicians with no big names being recommended for trial.
;;-0.4767;;shahs indictment often led the critics of prime minister narendramodi to drag him into the controversy because he was the chief minister and held the cabinet portfolio of the home department in gujarat.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday arrived in south korea for his two-day visit, during which the two countries will seek to enhance cooperation in diverse areas, including trade and investment.
;;0.0;;it reads: prime minister narendramodi modis move to abolish rs 500 and rs 1,000 was intended as kala dhan ki safai (eliminating black money).
;;0.6705;;residents of the diamond city flooded the official twitter handle of prime minister narendramodi and union minister of state for civil aviation urging them to expedite the process for an international airport in surat we work for a working airport at surat (wwwas) members flooded the twitter handle of union minister jayant sinha and prime minister narendramodi posting old pictures of their meetings and representations submitted for improved facilities at surat airport and international air connectivity.
;;0.2023;;this story is from november 11, 2018varanasi: prime minister narendramodi will dedicate two important national highways in uttar pradesh's varanasi on november 12.
;;-0.7845;;bengaluru: two years after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation , experts and academicians on thursday said the ban of 500- and 1,000-rupee notes failed in its objective.
;;-0.6808;;delhi/osaka: prime minister narendramodi sought to keep the focus on terrorism when he met met chinese president xi jinping and his russian counterpart vladimir putin .
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi hosted russian president vladimir putin and chinese president xi jinping for an informal 'ric' meeting in osaka.
;;0.0;;his meeting with prime minister narendramodi +india has long had a field day putting tariffs on american products.
;;0.5106;;bhubaneswar: prime minister narendramodi on sunday showered praises on d prakash rao , a tea seller from cuttack , for his noble deed of educating poor slum kids of his locality.
;;0.6486;;gandhinagar: shankersinh vaghela , who had quit the congress earlier this year and floated a new outfit, today shared the stage with top bjp leaders at vijay rupani 's swearing-in ceremony here and was greeted by prime minister narendramodi at the event.
;;-0.936;;new delhi: the rss-affiliated sjm has urged prime minister narendramodi to create hurdles for chinese companies doing business in india as china continues to block new delhi's attempts to designate masood azhar, whose jem carried out the terrorist attack on a crpf convoy in pulwama, as a global terrorist.
;;0.4019;;its equally interesting that the meeting will be happening just weeks before chinese president xi jinping is scheduled to visit india for the second informal summit with prime minister narendramodi likely to be held in tamil nadu.
;;0.0;;however, it is up to the prime minister narendramodi to decide who would be part of his ministry.
;;-0.0387;;there is no option but to make prime minister narendramodi come back to power as a number of new projects, schemes implemented during his first tenure should be taken to the next level.
;;0.6428;;new delhi: spreading negativity is fairly easy, but people must come together to make positivity viral, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday adding that collective efforts of the people have ensured that india achieved a lot in 2018.
;;-0.0772;;addressing back-to-back meetings in vijayawada and kalyandurg in anantapur district on sunday, rahul said prime minister narendramodi betrayed the people of the country by going back on his 2014 election promises, which included deposit of rs 15 lakh in everyones bank accounts, and creation of 2 crore new jobs.
;;-0.7096;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi attacked congress for the logjam in parliament , saying democracy reached its lowest point in the budget session due to congress arrogance  and urged party mps to convey to the public how the main opposition had acted.
;;0.0;;the dam is expected to cross the frl before prime minister narendramodi modis likely visit to the state on his birthday on september 17.
;;0.1027;;chennai: the city corporation imparted training under swachh bharat mission to 215 campaigners who have been tasked with coordinating the implementation of prime minister narendramodi 's flagship project in the city.
;;0.8658;;davos: going beyond ease of doing business, prime minister narendramodi has said that the government is focusing on improving the ease of living for the common man, in what is seen as the latest slogan for better governance.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi has paved the way for our emergence as a strong political entity in meghalaya, which is looking for a respite from the clutches of congress, a bjp worker said, referring to the rally for change that the pm addressed on saturday.
;;0.0;;download the times of india news app for latest citybhubaneswar: a farmers body in the state on wednesday announced that it would try to meet and submit a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi during his visit to the state slated on december 24.
;;0.7269;;prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)the hardworking fraternity of chartered accountants has been furthering the culture of honesty and better corporate https://t.
;;-0.8074;;panaji: at a time when i&b ministrys controversial plan to punish journalists for peddling alleged fake news was scrapped by prime minister narendramodi , the goa legislative assemblys guidelines have put selective restrictions on coverage of the house proceedings.
;;-0.7579;;pm constituency stops power theft with underground cables in a country that loses a quarter of its electricity to theft, prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency  varanasi  has shown a way out by pushing distribution cables underground and deploying technology to track illegal connections.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi launched the rs 45,000-crore ipds for the country in varanasi in september 2015.
;;0.34;;we think prime minister narendramodi should intervene and assure the nation that these provisions would not be diluted.
;;-0.5106;;the protesting farmers urged prime minister narendramodi to initiate legal action against those responsible for firing at the protesters.
;;0.34;;balangir (odisha): prime minister narendramodi on tuesday launched a slew of projects worth over rs 1,550 crore for odisha.
;;0.743;;athawale said patel should stop supporting congress and instead back prime minister narendramodi and bjp to ensure that the benefits of reservation reached his community.
;;-0.2732;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday took a dig at the opposition over the rajya sabhas low productivity and urged the youth to question members of the upper house belonging to their states on their performance.
;;0.5267;;meanwhile, union minister of state for law and justice and the ministry of corporate affairs p p choudhary told media that bjp is seeking votes on the basis of work done by prime minister narendramodi and chief minister vasundhara raje.
;;0.0;;in a unique gesture, prime minister narendramodi had on sunday washed the feet of safai workers as a mark of .
;;0.8074;;agra: hailing prime minister narendramodi for the unprecedented gesture of washing safai workers feet at kumbh in prayagraj, sanitation workers also urged him to ensure better wages and safer working conditions for them.
;;0.4767;;in a unique gesture, prime minister narendramodi had on sunday washed the feet of safai workers as a mark of respect for their efforts in the sanitation drive.
;;0.0;;agra: the students wing of congress, national students union of india (nsui), has opposed prime minister narendramodi modis visit to agra .
;;0.4215;;on january 2, a cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi approved the proposal of the scheme pending since 2008.
;;0.0;;the board, through its president, maulana rabey hasan nadvi, will request prime minister narendramodi to review the bill in consultation with the aimplb and womens organisations.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the first session of 17th lok sabha commenced here monday with prime minister narendramodi , who is also the leader of the house, taking oath as member.
;;-0.5994;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1527386555000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi paid homage to the first prime minister jawaharlal nehru on his 54th death anniversary on sunday.
;;0.0;;the two have been invited to have lunch with prime minister narendramodi on thursday.
;;-0.6486;;in the wake of the controversy over the shifting of venue and the uncertainty about the guest list at the event organized by the tibetan government-inexile, the narendramodi government tried to mend its damaged fences with the tibetan community in india, calling its relationship with the dalai lama a spiritual one.
;;0.6369;;union minister sharma said that tibetans had contributed a lot towards the mission of prime minister narendramodi of promoting indian values on a global platform.
;;0.4019;;he added that the pfi had stated that he had justified prime minister narendramodi at a function at kadavathoor.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday discussed with heads of various political parties, which have at least one mp either in the lok sabha or rajya sabha, the issue of one nation, one election.
;;-0.4404;;union minister of science and technology, dr harsh vardhan read out a message sent by prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0;;not a single bjp leader, including prime minister narendramodi , thought of telling parrikar to step down and focus on his health, deshprabhu said.
;;-0.6249;;the exercise is in pursuance with the directions of prime minister narendramodi during combined commanders conference (ccc) - 2015, with an aim to achieve disaster resilient india.
;;0.0;;tirupur: political rivalry between left-wing outfits and right-wing organizations has intensified in tirupur district ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit on february 10.
;;0.0;;he said in the letter that it was due to the endeavours of prime minister narendramodi that the mela had been listed as an intangible cultural heritage under unesco.
;;0.0;;dillon said prime minister narendramodi may also attend the concluding function on january 13 and launch the rs 350 commemorative coin to mark the birth anniversary of the last sikh guru.
;;0.0;;kamal nath said his contest is against the incumbent chief minister unless prime minister narendramodi turns it into one against him.
;;0.0;;his visit comes ahead of a meeting between us president donald trump and prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the g20 summit in osaka, japan on june 28-29.
;;0.7351;;he also thanked prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah for the strong willpower shown by them.
;;0.0;;mathura: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday escalated the debate over cow protection by suggesting that those arrayed against the cause had been reflexively opposing indian culture as retrograde.
;;0.3818;;tokyo: prime minister narendramodi on monday met japanese foreign minister taro kono and held productive, focused discussion on bilateral, regional and global issues.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the gangajal project during his visit to agra on jan 9.
;;-0.2023;;nagpur: farm activist and vasantrao naik sheti swavalamban mission chairman kishore tiwari has urged prime minister narendramodi to re-look into the status of the governments agrarian programme to resolve the farmers distress in drylands of the country.
;;0.4019;;yediyurappa further said that he would be leaving for new delhi today evening and would appraise the flood situation to prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah on tuesday and would seek immediate help from the centre.
;;-0.5994;;this story is from november 1, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citykevadiya (narmada): prime minister narendramodi said here on wednesday that the 182 metre worlds tallest statue - statue of unity- packed a potential to catapult narmada district on to the global tourism map.
;;-0.8074;;new delhi: in a bizarre punishment, a border security force bsf ) jawan who forgot to affix 'honourable' or 'shri' while referring to prime minister narendramodi has been penalised by the force, which called the mistake disrespect to the prime minister.
;;-0.5994;;the protesters gathered in front of the deputy commissioners office, and gave vent to their disappointment with prime minister narendramodi for his apathetic attitude towards the natural calamity that had ravaged several districts of the state.
;;0.0;;in the past, prime minister narendramodi , sundar singh bhandari, k n govindacharya and kushabhau thackaray have worked in the key position, which requires daily coordination between bjp and rss.
;;0.25;;earlier, pompeo, who is here on a two-day visit, called on prime minister narendramodi and held comprehensive talks with his indian counterpart s jaishankar.
;;0.5423;;rajinikanthchennai: actor rajinikanth on wednesday said the developments relating to kashmir, which concerns the security of the nation, has been handled strategically well by prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah .
;;0.6124;;however, gaur is upbeat after prime minister narendramodi warmly shook hands with him on stage at the party workers convention in bhopal and said, gaur ji, ek bar aur (one more time).
;;0.7845;;das said the scheme will help fulfill prime minister narendramodi 's promise of doubling the income of farmers by 2022.
;;0.4404;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1526615773000watch: hd deve gowda visits tirupati balaji temple on his birthday 01:12bengaluru: with the jd(s) possibly holding the cards as dramatic developments unfolded in karnataka, both prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi wished the party's supremo hd deve gowda on his birthday.
;;0.0;;the congress president sought the former pms cooperation in taking on narendramodi in karnataka and also across the country in the 2019 elections.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 13, 2018prime minister narendramodi during a global meet on infant and maternal health in new delhi on wednesdaymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will on thursday address a meeting of bjp mps, which will be followed by a seven-hour brainstorming session with key organisational leaders to analyse the results of the recent assembly polls, which came as the biggest electoral setback to the party since it stormed to power at the centre in 2014.
;;-0.4404;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said it would be a big mistake to think that pakistan would start behaving after just one surgical strike operation, underlining that it will take a long time to rein in indias western neighbour.
;;-0.25;;lucknow: after conferring the dalit mitra award on chief minister yogi adityanath dalit mahasabha has moved a proposal to bestow a similar title on prime minister narendramodi the announcement has come at a time when dalits and backwards across the country have taken to the streets to protest against alleged harassment of their community and a proposed change in the sc/st act.
;;-0.0258;;the jac alleged the move was aimed at ensuring that no students would be present on campus during the 105th indian science congress (isc) to be held in ou from january 3-7, the inauguration of which will be attended by prime minister narendramodi and chief minister k chandrasekhar rao they can't keep students away from one of the major events happening in the varsity.
;;-0.2593;;panaji: goan beneficiaries of central governments healthcare schemes, who were invited to the secretariat to interact with prime minister narendramodi , were disappointed as they didnt get a chance to speak to modi via video-conferencing.
;;0.0;;unshackling of jammu and kashmirnew delhi: one of the biggest decisions taken by prime minister narendramodi in the first 75 days of his government is undoubtedly the.
;;-0.296;;on december 16, 2014, a complaint was given to prime minister narendramodi by the factory workers association for a cbi probe into the entire issue.
;;0.4019;;surat: prime minister narendramodi on sunday called for making of a new india, which he envisioned as a country free of casteism communalism , corruption, and poverty which would help india become a global power to reckon with in next few years.
;;0.2732;;the construction of the flats in maloya had begun in june 2014 at a cost of rs 250 crore and prime minister narendramodi was to hand over the flat keys to the allottees in may last year, but he could not as the project was incomplete.
;;0.7906;;new delhi: the bjp is to organise a two-day training programme for all its mps, including prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah the party on sunday communicated to all its mps to ensure that they attend the abhyas varga starting august 3.
;;0.8807;;addressing the fifth meeting of the governing council of niti aayog at the rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , several union ministers and chief ministers of many states, nitish said it is a matter of great pleasure that the union government has implemented the pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi yojana to increase the income of farmers from the financial year 2018-19.
;;0.128;;financial assistance of rs 6,000 per annum is provided to small and marginal landholder farmers families with cultivable land holding up to 2 hectares across the country, under the scheme which was launched in february 2019 by narendramodi government.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone for the navi mumbai international airport was laid by prime minister narendramodi and the first flight is set to take off by 2019.
;;0.296;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday comprehensively reviewed the state of the economy with finance minister nirmala sitharaman as his government scrambled for solutions to tackle a fast-spreading slowdown in various sectors, which is eroding wealth and causing job losses.
;;0.0;;speaking about the reason for the consideration of mission bhagiratha theme, sources said that prime minister narendramodi inaugurated it in august 2016.
;;-0.3182;;jaipur: rajasthan pradesh congress committee (rpcc) president sachin pilot alleged that the state government which has lost its credibility tried to influence the voters by launching barmer refinery project by the prime minister narendramodi during the bypolls.
;;-0.4404;;speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a meeting to register their protest against the union government for the delay on thursday, bharathiraja argued that prime minister narendramodi modis reluctance to grant appointment to discuss on cauvery issue and his keenness in campaigning for his party in the poll bound karnataka revealed that the union government has decided to delay the constitution of the board .
;;0.0;;ahmedabad: ahmed patel , political advisor to all-india congress president sonia gandhi slammed prime minister narendramodi for dragging his name in his poll speeches during gujarat poll campaign.
;;0.4019;;patels tweet was in reaction to prime minister narendramodi on sunday repeatedly saying in public meetings across the state that a retired chief of pakistan army, arshad rafiq, had said that he will support congress if ahmed patel becomes chief minister.
;;0.3818;;rama raos act can be seen in the backdrop of prime minister narendramodi modis call to people to give a book instead of a bouquet as a greeting.
;;-0.4588;;puducherry: puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy on saturday said it was unfortunate that prime minister narendramodi did not announce any development scheme for the union territory, during his recent visit here.
;;-0.631;;but narendramodi is the only prime minister who disappointed the people of puducherry without making any announcements for its development (during his visit).
;;0.4019;;(ap)new delhi: west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress chief mamata banerjee on tuesday declined an invitation by the parliamentary affairs minister for a meeting of chiefs of all parties with prime minister narendramodi scheduled for wednesday on the issue of 'one nation, one election'.
;;-0.2263;;read moremumbai: the maharashtra congress on monday demanded that hoardings of prime minister narendramodi be removed from fuel pumps in the state as the election code of conduct was now in force.
;;0.4019;;the actor had spoken against prime minister narendramodi , and participated in a harmony rally against the bjp, that had left saffron outfits red-faced.
;;-0.4215;;mangaluru: a group of dyfi workers from ullal unit donning masks of prime minister narendramodi , union minister for road transport and highways nitin gadkari and dk mp nalin kumar kateel on sunday performed the mock inauguration of the thokkottu flyover.
;;0.5994;;guwahati/itanagar/agartala: prime minister narendramodi on saturday dedicated projects worth more than rs 20,000 crore to assam, arunachal pradesh and tripura, the three states that he visited on a two-day whirlwind tour of the northeast.
;;-0.4215;;chennai: the proposed visit of an all-party delegation to new delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi to stress for immediate constitution of the cauvery management board has run into rough weather with the pms appointment not forthcoming.
;;0.0;;stating that he would visit vadodara more often, hardik even scoffed at prime minister narendramodi for talking about his local connections at every rally.
;;0.0;;now the change brought in by prime minister narendramodi will give the same rights to people of kashmir as those in the rest of india.
;;0.6808;;pm narendramodi modiwant students to know about j&k issueahmedabad: to mark prime minister narendramodi modis birthday on september 17, schools have been directed to gift knowledge about the recent decision by modi-led nda government to abrogate the special status to jammu and kashmir under article 370 among students in secondary and higher secondary schools in ahmedabad city and rural areas.
;;0.0;;he said, if needed, he would take up the issue with prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah.
;;0.8197;;the users also said on social media that dholakia not only fooled his employees, but prime minister narendramodi as well by making him hand over the car keys to employees through video conferencing.
;;0.0;;for the first time, four employees, including a disabled woman, were handed over the car keys by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi.
;;0.5719;;they suspect narendramodi modis new-found enthusiasm in organising sufi conclaves as part of the grand design to neutralise the muslim community in india.
;;0.0258;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi said on monday that the ' ujjwala yojna ', a flagship welfare scheme of his government aimed at increasing lpg cylinder coverage among poor families, has led to a social transformation with over 45 per cent of its four crore beneficiaries being dalits and tribals.
;;0.4019;;the selection committee consists of prime minister narendramodi , leader of congress which is the largest opposition party in lok sabha, mallikarjun kharge, and cji ranjan gogoi.
;;0.1027;;the committee, comprising pm narendramodi , leader of congress in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge  who had filed a petition challenging the order to send verma on leave  and the cji or his nominee, will meet within a week as directed by the sc.
;;0.2732;;karur: dmk leader m k stalin, on thursday in karur, said that dmk-congress alliance has emerged as a strong front to scare prime minister narendramodi as bjp experienced a setback in their strongholds.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is afraid of dmk-congress alliance.
;;-0.6486;;thrissur: prime minister narendramodi on sunday launched a scathing attack on congress and communists saying they are united only in undermining institutions, corruption and in attacking him.
;;0.7269;;prime minister narendramodi , a man of humble origins, and trump, a billionaire and a flamboyant reality tv personality,during a white house visit in june, their hitherto phone friendship was sealed with hugs.
;;0.3182;;co/sj4uib2vnn  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1560946402000new delhi: external affairs minister s jaishankar met russian deputy prime minister yury trutnev on wednesday and discussed ways to strengthen ties between the two nation and prime minister narendramodi 's visit to vladivostok for the eastern economic forum later this year.
;;-0.128;;sources said the current plan started as a follow up of the october 12 meeting called by prime minister narendramodi to review domestic production profile of oil and gas and the roadmap for cutting import dependence by 10 per cent by 2022.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 6, 2019prime minister narendramodi poses for a group photograph during the 106th session of the indian science congr.
;;0.4019;;joshi's assertion came hours after the bjp's parliamentary party meeting, which was attended by prime minister narendramodi , home minister amit shah , external affairs minister s jaishankar and minister of animal husbandry, dairying and fisheries giriraj singh among others.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi claimed in davos that he was elected by 600 crore people when the population of india is 130 crore.
;;-0.7096;;several senior leaders including prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi , aimim chief asaduddin owaisi have condemned the unfortunate incident.
;;0.2732;;based on prime minister narendramodi modis idea, vidyanjali was introduced in schools across the country, and goa was one among the 20 states that agreed to implement the programme.
;;0.4215;;this story is from december 13, 2018prime minister narendramodi (reuters)new delhi: lives of around 840 more children under five years of age are being saved every day, as compared to four years ago because of government-led health interventions, prime minister narendramodi said while inaugurating a global conference on maternal and child health in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.7579;;the young scientist said that prime minister narendramodi gave the group a free hand, and urged them to make a contribution to the army in any manner possible.
;;-0.5106;;chennai: prime minister narendramodi , who has failed to form the cauvery management board , will be received at chennai airport with black flags on thursday, said veteran tamil film director bharathiraja.
;;-0.1531;;new delhi: upping the ante over hal 's reported cash crunch, congress president rahul gandhi on tuesday alleged that prime minister narendramodi paid rs 20,000 crore to france's dassault aviation even though it has not delivered a single rafale jet, but refuses to pay the dues of the indian aerospace major.
;;0.5267;;bhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik has urged prime minister narendramodi to set up a defence industry corridor and an aeronautical university in the state for growth of defence industry.
;;-0.5106;;it may be recalled cm k chandrashekar rao called prime minister narendramodi a liar and asked him is this country your fathers jagir and alleged that modi has hindu-muslim disease.
;;-0.4767;;gurugram: the police force remained on its toes in the city on saturday when jat leaders held a conclave in rohtak and announced they would boycott prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shahs political events in the state to protest delay in the grant of reservation to the community.
;;0.0;;co/7l0cqjphb2  narendramodi (@narendramodi) 1520072160000the victory of @bjp4tripura is not an ordinary electoral victory.
;;0.0;;co/wwboyiv2nn  narendramodi (@narendramodi) 1520072239000tweeted bjp president amit shah +congratulations to shri @rammadhavbjp ji, shri @sunil_deodhar ji, shri @himantabiswa ji, shri @bjpbiplab ji and i a https://t.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi had also promised it right in the presence of lord venkateswara in tirupati during his election campaign.
;;0.5267;;this story is from january 19, 2019prime minister narendramodi speaks during the vibrant gujarat global summit in gandhinagar on friday.
;;-0.0258;;gandhinagar: making an impassioned pitch for india as the ultimate investment destination, prime minister narendramodi on friday reached out to the international business community and said this country is the only place which offers democracy, demography and demand.
;;0.8658;;prime minister narendramodi says the private sector must continue to believe in the india story, assuring that he will do his best to make india a better place to do business.
;;0.4019;;prime minster narendramodi will be connecting with party workers and those who have been benefited from governments scheme through video conferencing on february 28.
;;0.0;;shimla: the 900-megawatt arun-3 hydroelectric power plant in kathmandu, whose foundation stone was jointly laid by prime minister narendramodi and his nepalese counterpart k p sharma oli on saturday, will be executed by shimla-based company sjvn.
;;0.4215;;a union cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi recently approved the setting up of the panel.
;;0.6908;;under the strong leadership of pm narendramodi and chief minister sarbananda sonowal , several steps have been taken to provide constitutional safeguards to the indigenous people of assam.
;;0.0;;guwahati: a day after prime minister narendramodi in silchar said the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2016 will be passed in parliament soon, 32 indigenous organizations led by north east students' organization (neso) and all assam students' union (aasu) called a total shutdown across the northeast on january 8.
;;-0.7096;;hazare came out in support of arrested gujarat police officer sanjiv bhatt who has accused gujarat chief minister narendramodi of complicity in the 2002 communal riots.
;;-0.4767;;what narendramodi has done is wrong.
;;-0.4588;;new delhi: opposition parties on tuesday latched on to the centre's u-turn on fake news order, saying prime minister narendramodi is losing control over his government.
;;-0.296;;bhopal: senior congress leader and rajya sabha mp digvijaya singh on monday reiterated that the narendramodi government is hiding facts on the situation in kashmir.
;;0.128;;on sunday too, the former chief minister had advised prime minister narendramodi , union home minister amit shah and ajit doval to deal with the kashmir issue carefully or kashmir will slip-out of our hands.
;;0.34;;i appeal to prime minister narendramodi , union home minister amit shah and national security advisor ajit doval to handle the situation sensibly or kashmir will slip out of our hands.
;;-0.1779;;in the run-up to elections, the ruling congress has been highlighting its achievements, misdeeds of the previous bjp government and purported failure of prime minister narendramodi in fulfilling his poll promises.
;;0.128;;it includes views expressed by personalities prime minister narendramodi , singer lata mangeshkar, former defense minister manohar parrikar , state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, actor nana patekar and many others.
;;0.3818;;soon after lok sabha had passed the bill on january 8, sarma had said that prime minister narendramodi , by dint of this proposed legislation, will ensure that 17 assembly seats in assam will never go to (aiudf chief) badruddin ajmal and jinnah.
;;0.0;;president of the meghalaya state unit of the npp, wr kharlukhi said, the lok sabha election will be a different ball game altogether, during which it would be primarily a clash between the personalities of prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi .
;;0.0;;nagpur: prime minister narendramodi may have claimed that all villages in the country have got electrified but state discom msedcl says this target will be achieved in the state only by the year end.
;;-0.128;;bengaluru: as many as 300 research scholars at the indian institute of science ( iisc ) bangalore on thursday wrote postcards to prime minister narendramodi highlighting their demand for a hike in stipend.
;;0.8074;;prime minister narendramodi is committed to ensuring good governance and restoring democratic ambience in tripura.
;;0.0;;saying that the country has been progressing in the right direction under prime minister narendramodi modis leadership, nath said he left congress in response to modis call for a new india.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was himself absent at the all-party meet, he said.
;;0.0;;bhopal: chief minister kamal nath has written a letter to prime minister narendramodi regarding translocation of gir lions to kuno national park in madhya pradesh.
;;0.9062;;he also alleged that the rs 7,525 crore project, out of which rs 5,071 crore (68 ) was to be borne by the state government, was intended to benefit prime minister narendramodi 's close friend gautam adani, 'who, after bearing only 32  of the project cost, will be able to lay his hand on a major chunk of the income and profit, once the project is realised'.
;;0.0;;co/wi7reszlwe  bjp (@bjp4india) 1565333202000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will soon be seen expressing his views on conservation of nature, his time in the himalayas, his encounters with wildlife in his youth and the cleanliness drive in india in an episode of man vs wild.
;;0.4215;;panaji: goa is one of the biggest beneficiaries of prime minister narendramodi modis government at the centre, chief minister manohar parrikar tweeted on saturday.
;;0.0;;paris: prime minister narendramodi on friday said india will achieve most of the cop 21 climate change goals set for 2030 in the next one and half years.
;;0.4404;;it's better if the centre includes stamp duty under gst or provides some subsidy on stamp duty for land and plot purchase under prime minister narendramodi 's housing for all by 2022 scheme,'' he added.
;;-0.2382;;we explain development programmes initiated in the past five years without making any personal attacks, but bjp leaders including prime minister narendramodi are making baseless allegations.
;;0.0;;india under the government of prime minister narendramodi has carried out some really fundamental reforms.
;;-0.2732;;with this situation before us, we have begun working on proper use of each drop of water, he said, citing the pledge of prime minister narendramodi to provide water to every household in the country.
;;-0.0516;;ahmedabad: together, they are perhaps the most unusual group of campaigners in gujarats high voltage polls  a group of 60 wealthy gujarati nris who have flown in to, as they say, spread the word that voters must back prime minister narendramodi and not be swayed by misleading forces.
;;0.0;;patel said ever since narendramodi took over as the pm, indian students in the us have one of their leaders as part of their assignments, rather than writing about american and other countries leaders all the time.
;;0.0;;banerjee is the first chief minister in the country who has taken up the issue with prime minister narendramodi in a letter earlier this week.
;;0.0;;lucknow: participants registering for the third international yoga day programme in the city to be led by prime minister narendramodi on june 21, will each get a yoga mat, a t-shirt and refreshments.
;;-0.2263;;co/qt7xt4nlb4  ani (@ani) 1514345901000bengaluru: farmer groups of north karnataka have called for a bandh on wednesday, demanding the intervention of prime minister narendramodi to implement the long-pending drinking water project by building a canal across two tributaries of the mahadayi  kalasa and banduri.
;;0.4404;;panaji: goa chief minister manohar parrikar on saturday congratulated prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah for the party's good performance in the assembly polls in three north eastern states.
;;0.0;;paswan said reservation is a constitutional right and added that prime minister narendramodi has reiterated it many times that it can not tampered with.
;;-0.128;;yeddyurappa, instead of touring the state, should take a delegation to new delhi and demand prime minister narendramodi to waive off all farmer loans.
;;-0.5106;;new delhi: cricketing legend sachin tendulkar failed to make his maiden speech in the rajya sabha on thursday as congress members continued to disrupt proceedings over prime minister narendramodi modis remark against his predecessor manmohan singh during the gujarat poll campaign.
;;0.0;;the campaign for theparliamentary-- that camean end on saturday evening -- saw roadshows and poll meetings by prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah,hief minister mamata banerjee and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath tmc has fielded apurba sarkar (david) against the congress mp, adhir ranjan chowdhurythe baharampur seat.
;;0.4019;;almost entire online campaigns are propelled by the prime party generals - prime minister narendramodi for bjp and congress vice president rahul gandhi .
;;0.0;;pandey said that of the three mmts proposed on nw-i, one at ramnagar in varanasi was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in november 2018 while other two are being constructed at sahibganj in jharkhand and haldia in west bengal.
;;0.0;;chaudhary congratulated the railway officials for their initiative to open the e-toilet under prime minister narendramodi 's swachh bharat mission, which aims to eradicate open-defection.
;;-0.0772;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi pointed out the mainstreaming of figures involved in the 26/11 mumbai attacks in the recent elections in pakistan, a clear reference to lashkar chief hafiz saeed, during his interaction with us vice-president mike pence in singapore on wednesday.
;;0.7964;;the renewed focus on the small and medium enterprises and helping them by way of interest subvention, as announced by prime minister narendramodi , would improve the competitiveness of indian exporters.
;;0.6705;;the idea of justice clock had come from prime minister narendramodi who had suggested for using the electronic system to rank performance of each of the hcs and subordinate courts, create a competition among them to rank higher.
;;0.0;;hundreds of nris in toronto have formed a group  nri4namo canada  to root for prime minister narendramodi .
;;-0.1531;;new delhi: taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi who is accused of ducking the press, his predecessor manmohan singh said that he was called a silent pm but was never afraid of speaking to the press.
;;0.2732;;it will take the country towards the 'evergreen' revolution, as desired by prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi has assured that the government is committed to the protection of arecanut farmers, kateel added.
;;-0.836;;ramnagar (mandla): on his first visit to a tribal region of mp on tuesday, prime minister narendramodi defended the recent ordinance allowing the death sentence for rapists of children below 12 years.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi , chief ministers of bjp-ruled states from across india, 15 union ministers, dignitaries from different fields, religious heads, and around 10,000 bjp workers are expected to participate in the swearing-in ceremony.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi paying tributes to the former union minister arun jaitley, at his residence, in n..
;;0.7184;;they have witnessed the changes brought in by the bjp government and have, therefore, placed their confidence in the party under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0772;;surat: an aware citizen in the diamond city has written to prime minister narendramodi exposing corruption in the railways.
;;0.4767;;varanasi: prime minister narendramodi is likely to inaugurate two ambitious projects - inter-model terminal at ramnagar on haldia-allahabad national waterway-i on river ganga and ring road phase-i - in his parliamentary constituency on november 12.
;;-0.34;;congress president rahul gandhi has launched pointed attacks at prime minister narendramodi over this issue.
;;0.2144;;the congress has been protesting against prime minister narendramodi 's now infamous statement on job creation by setting up pakoda vends in various states, which has earned the ire of the ruling bjp but congress legislators got a surprise when cm manohar lal khattar, en route to attend the budget session in the haryana assembly, stopped by their 'rehri' (cart) and bought some pakodas.
;;0.6124;;london: hundreds of demonstrators chanting slogans in favour of india's development and against atrocities taking place in the country have greeted prime minister narendramodi as arrived at 10 downing street to hold talks with his british counterpart theresa may.
;;0.6925;;ani photonew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday said an active opposition is important in a parliamentary democracy and they need not bother about their numbers but speak actively and participate in house proceedings.
;;0.4767;;gandhinagar: tata group's outgoing chairman ratan tata introduced his successor cyrus mistry to gujarat chief minister narendramodi in gandhinagar on thursday.
;;-0.2732;;today, prime minister narendramodi and haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar are walking the same path, with utter disregard for indias democratic and constitutional laws, he said.
;;0.1779;;earlier, pu vice-chancellor said the teachers, students and non-teaching staff had accepted the challenge posed by prime minister narendramodi and were striving hard to take the university to the top.
;;0.4767;;gandhinagar: prime minister narendramodi as the gujarat chief minister in 2012 had formed an ambitious gujarat water regulatory authority (gwra) with an aim to improving management of water resources in the state, but the state government, it seems, has put the idea in the cold storage.
;;0.4019;;mehbooba mufti (file photo)srinagar: former jammu & kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti on friday appealed to prime minister narendramodi not to tinker with the state's special status.
;;0.4019;;i appeal to prime minister narendramodi not to tinker with jammu and kashmir's special status, she said.
;;0.0;;mangaluru: prime minister narendramodi on saturday gave a new name to congress , ppp, saying it will be reduced to punjab, puducherry and (gandhi) parivar after the karnataka election results.
;;-0.4939;;udupi: prime minister narendramodi lashed out at congress chief rahul gandhi on tuesday for insulting former pm h d deve gowda , indicating that bjp has kept a door open for rapprochement with deve gowdas jd(s), which is expected to emerge as the kingmaker in case the elections throw up a hung assembly.
;;0.6124;;panaji: reacting to prime minister narendramodi modis meeting with mining dependants from goa, the congress party on wednesday said that the assurance given by modi was an election gimmick to create confusion among the mining dependant families and workers.
;;0.0;;the orange city has been chosen due to union transport minister nitin gadkari while varanasi is prime minister narendramodi modis constituency.
;;-0.4215;;co/4uzjp5mhva  times of india (@timesofindia) 1567827807000new delhi: isro chairman k sivan broke down soon after prime minister narendramodi concluded his speech following the setback of vikram lander.
;;0.0;;chennai: two years ago to the day, the morning after prime minister narendramodi caused a furore across the country with his demonetization announcement,in chennai,the burned body of a transsexual named tara was found outside the pondy bazaar police station.
;;0.2263;;jaipur: chief minister ashok gehlot , on sunday, termed prime minister narendramodi modis newly inaugurated farmer scheme which guarantees rs 6,000 annually to farmers, as a futile attempt to win elections.
;;0.4404;;in an interview to pti, the chief minister said prime minister narendramodi 's charisma was fading with growing anti-incumbency, and pitched for congress president rahul gandhi for the top job while also admitting that there was a lack of consensus among anti-bjp parties on choosing gandhi.
;;0.0;;recently, prime minister narendramodi had flagged off a new train from the balangir side.
;;0.6597;;the high-octane campaign for the december 7 assembly polls saw political heavy weights like prime minister narendramodi , congress chief rahul gandhi and trs president and chief minister k chandrasekhar rao and tdp supremo n chandrababu naidu criss-crossing the state addressing rallies.
;;0.2263;;while the preparations for the event began six months ago, fadnavis singlehandedly drafted an action plan, invited prime minister narendramodi for the inauguration and prepared a plan for signing of the mous.
;;0.0;;last week, prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated the 330 mw kishanganga hydroelectric project in jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.7579;;prime minister narendramodi , who was unsparing while criticising outgoing chief minister manik sarkar and the left front during campaigning, tweeted, while we are naturally delighted about the historic victory in tripura, we will always have in our thoughts and prayers the bjp karyakartas who lost their lives due to mindless communist violence.
;;0.5423;;the initiative has been launched by prime minister narendramodi , which will see quick funding, 25  mandatory procurement by government departments, and other sops as part of plans to boost the msme sector and the countrys economy.
;;0.3818;;new delhi: two years after prime minister narendramodi introduced the demonetisation scheme, both the central government and the opposition highlighted the benefits and ills of the note-ban move.
;;0.2732;;two years ago, on this day, prime minister narendramodi in a surprising move had declared rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes as non-legal and introduced new rs 500 and rs 2,000 notes.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to lay the foundation stone of the project in february next year.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone is likely to be laid by month-end when prime minister narendramodi would visit the city.
;;0.0;;new delhi: india and sweden are looking for some big outcomes at tuesdays summit when prime minister narendramodi travels to stockholm for a bilateral meeting and the first indo-nordic conference with iceland, finland, denmark, norway and sweden.
;;0.0;;file photo of prime minister narendramodi with his japanese counterpart shinzo abe.
;;0.0;;(ap)osaka: prime minister narendramodi is slated to meet his japanese counterpart shinzo abe in osaka, japan on thursday.
;;-0.296;;a number of directions have been issued to the delhi police, including more use of technology and transparent system to minimise grievances, following the last meeting of prime minister narendramodi with all secretaries and chief secretaries.
;;-0.0572;;jaisalmer: prime minister narendramodi on thursday met five collectors of backward districts in the state, and directed them to raise public awareness and focus on development despite topographical challenges.
;;0.0;;the appointments committee of the cabinet comprises prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah.
;;0.3612;;patna: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked bihar deputy cm sushil kumar modi whether his sons marriage was sloemnised peacefully or not as rjd chief lalu prasads son tej pratap yadav had threatened to create nuisance during the ceremony.
;;0.4019;;it (hcmtr) will help infuse a new life into the existing integrated transport system as it will connect to metro and the ring road, the chief minister said after the foundation laying ceremony of the third metro line by prime minister narendramodi on tuesday.
;;0.4588;;during his address, prime minister narendramodi said from stage that he was informed by chief minister jai ram thakur about the incident and all those who had suffered injuries would be given good treatment, free of cost.
;;-0.296;;the central government led by prime minister narendramodi has failed to create jobs.
;;0.4939;;she further praised the efforts of prime minister narendramodi for making june 21 as the international yoga day.
;;0.4019;;meghalaya chief minister conrad sangma, the convener of the convention, said the parties will send a delegation to meet prime minister narendramodi and president ram nath kovind seeking to scrap the bill passed in the lok sabha on january 8.
;;0.0;;the shiv sena chief had announced his ayodhya visit at the partys annual dussehra rally held at shivaji park where he had slammed prime minister narendramodi and said he would ask the pm why the bjp had not yet constructed the ram temple.
;;-0.5423;;kanyakumari: for many distraught families of fishermen who went missing under the impact of cyclone ockhi , the patient hearing given by prime minister narendramodi provided a soothing effect.
;;0.4404;;mumbai: congress chief rahul gandhi's development book has improved much since 2014 and he has his sister priyanka gandhi vadra's support, but they cannot be compared with prime minister narendramodi 's leadership, the shiv sena said on wednesday.
;;-0.4215;;8 per cent in the seven quarters after it against the 8 per cent recorded prior to the note ban , says former chief economic advisor arvind subramanian breaking his silence on the november 8, 2016 decision of prime minister narendramodi , he says that he does not have a strongly-backed empirical view apart from the fact that the welfare costs, especially on the informal sector, were substantial.
;;0.0;;vadodara: vadodara, the parliamentary constituency that prime minister narendramodi relinquished, will get a direct mahamana superfast express train to varanasi, the seat that modi decided to hold.
;;0.4767;;a few names that emerged during recent discussions are that of state home minister and cms blue-eyed boy bhupendra singh, state public relations minister and bjp chief amit shahs close confidant narottam mishra, lok sabha member from jabalpur rakesh singh, national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya , prime minister narendramodi modis trusted lieutenant narendramodi singh tomar and bjp in-charge of manipur prahlad singh patel.
;;-0.6908;;his murder comes close on the heels of prime minister narendramodi modis addressing the matua gathering at thakurnagar (on february 2).
;;0.34;;during their election campaigns across the state and the country, the political leaders, from prime minister narendramodi to congress president rahul gandhi, will be welcomed with a safa.
;;0.4767;;some traders have attributed the popularity of rajasthani turban to prime minister narendramodi who was seen wearing traditional rajasthani safa on republic day, 2015.
;;0.0;;new delhi: deputy cm manish sisodia on friday took on prime minister narendramodi over the sacking of atishi marlena , who had been advising delhi government on education reforms.
;;0.0;;(file photo)new delhi: in front of a massive gathering of the indian diaspora and with us president donald trump in attendance, prime minister narendramodi held out the message that india would remain a globalised, pluralistic and diverse power.
;;-0.3818;;the election is being viewed as a prestige battle for prime minister narendramodi and a litmus test for the leadership of soon-to-be congress chief rahul gandhi .
;;0.6808;;as part of the #humfittohindiafit campaign, the olympic medalist at athens 2004 spoke of the importance of fitness as stressed by prime minister narendramodi , and then got down and did 10 push-ups while encouraging indians to become fitter.
;;0.3818;;kuala lumpur: prime minister narendramodi today arrived here from indonesia to meet his newly-elected malaysian counterpart mahathir mohammad ninety-two-year-old mahathir was sworn in as malaysia's prime minister on may 10 after leading the opposition alliance to a stunning election victory over the barisan nasional (bn) coalition, which had ruled malaysia since 1957.
;;0.2484;;demanding transparency over the situation in the valley, gandhi said that prime minister narendramodi and the government must make it very clear and transparent on exactly what is happening in the union territories of j&k and ladakh.
;;-0.4215;;bengaluru: prime minister narendramodi and chief minister siddaramaiah locked horns for the second consecutive day on wednesday: the former said the congress government in the state was paying only lip sympathy to farmers in distress, and the latter sharply retorted that the bjp leader was insensitive to agriculturists.
;;0.5994;;as he played catch-up in the digital space with opponents like prime minister narendramodi , who, at 42.
;;-0.25;;udupi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday struck a chord with the electorate, reminiscing about bjps connect with this temple town from its forerunner  the jan sangh.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is a follower of swami vivekananda.
;;0.6249;;incorporating the vision make in india vision of prime minister narendramodi , my aspiration was to launch a well reputed international brand in india under the leadership and guidance of my son akshat who is a graduate from the uk and will be handling the manufacturing, marketing, selling and promotion of the brand in india.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi has accepted a plan with target of 2030.
;;0.6124;;a day after prime minister narendramodi assured karnatakas farmers that the bjp would resolve the mhadei water dispute if it came to power in the state, shah, on sunday, set a six-month deadline to resolve the issue.
;;0.5423;;co/4oow8spra3  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1561783660000new delhi/osaka: prime minister narendramodi ran a meeting marathon at the g-20 summit at osaka with nine bilateral meetings, two plurilaterals and one multilateral (brics) that covered a range of issues from trade, counter-terrorism, energy, climate change, maritime security and iran.
;;0.0;;raipur: the state's danteshwari sewa , being operated by women , got a thumbs up from prime minister narendramodi in his ' mann ki baat ' programme on sunday.
;;0.7845;;hyderabad: four years after prime minister narendramodi launched his ambitious digital india mission, around 51 railway stations coming under the ambits of both south central railway and east coast railway have got free wi-fi connectivity.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the centre has decided to rename three islands in andaman & nicobar - ross island as netaji subhas chandra bose island, neil island as shahid dweep and havelock island as swaraj dweep - coinciding with the 75th anniversary of bose having hoisted the national flag in port blair sources said the home ministry has almost completed formalities for the change in nomenclature and the new names will be announced by prime minister narendramodi during his visit to port blair on december 30.
;;-0.9607;;london: amid a nationwide outrage over the kathua and unnao rape cases, prime minister narendramodi today said rape is rape and should not be politicised.
;;-0.4767;;the congress had suspended aiyar from its primary membership and slapped a show-cause notice on him for his neech remark against prime minister narendramodi , which had mushroomed into a massive controversy just ahead of the gujarat polls.
;;-0.25;;later, the minister also brushed aside the objections of the bjp to the ysrc governments move to cancel contracts, saying, prime minister narendramodi himself said chandrababu naidu used polavaram project as an atm.
;;-0.7351;;guwahati/agartala/itanagar: in his second visit to assam in a month, prime minister narendramodi , facing black flag agitations and nude protests by those opposed to the citizenship (amendment) bill, on saturday said his government would ensure that the proposed amendment would, at no cost, hurt the language, identity and culture of assam and the northeast.
;;0.0;;the last week of january will have the key stars of the bjp, prime minister narendramodi and national president amit shah, in bengaluru on january 28 at the culmination function of former cm b s yeddyurappas 75-day parivarthana yatra.
;;0.8555;;director (student and youth welfare) sanjay kumar sinha outlined the significance of youth parliament, a brainchild of prime minister narendramodi , in national development and hoped such festivals would go a long way in strengthening democratic institutions in the country.
;;-0.7964;;chandigarh: punjab chief minister amarinder singh on friday described prime minister narendramodi as a jumlebaaz (con artist), master of deceit and disinformation, and the worst leader india had since independence.
;;0.4086;;new delhi: the congress today upped the ante in the lok sabha over the issue of prime minister narendramodi 's remarks against his predecessor manmohan singh , with the party protesting the speaker's decision not to allow them to raise the matter and asking her where was justice.
;;0.0;;co/cv5qq9fct8  gopal baglay (@meaindia) 1496037126000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi embarked on a four nation tour to germany, spain, russia and france on monday.
;;-0.0767;;party sources said prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah are not too happy about the state unit's inability to capitalize on the political vacuum left behind by jayalalithaa.
;;0.0;;harping on the three years of achievements of the narendramodi government, it began carrying out a 15-day campaign starting friday, highlighting the achievements of the centre.
;;0.0;;he listened to remarks by prime minister narendramodi and german chancellor angela merkel, then departed.
;;0.25;;union minister of state for home and bjp state president nityanand raibhopal: union minister of state for home nityanand rai made an embarrassing slip of the tongue on tuesday  in an attempt to praise prime minister narendramodi , he inadvertently described him as someone who can turn possible to impossible.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi worked hard to attain bjps objectives, which turned into big achievements.
;;0.5023;;co/77ycayrajs  niti aayog (@nitiaayog) 1560596782000new delhi: the goal of making india a $5 trillion economy by 2024 is challenging, but achievable with the concerted efforts of states, prime minister narendramodi said at the fifth meeting of niti aayog 's governing council in the national capital on saturday.
;;0.0;;hubballi: the state bjp unit announced that prime minister narendramodi will sound the poll bugle in karnataka for the lok sabha election from hubballi on february 10.
;;0.7096;;image used for representational purposestockholm: to give the world a better idea of prime minister narendramodi modis dream project of cleaning and rejuvenating the ganga, namami gange made its presence felt at the world water week  one of the biggest events on conserving and managing water contamination in the world  in stockholm namami gange pitched a big stall, and attracted environment warriors of all kinds, from water experts to activists.
;;0.7269;;panaji: the release of documents on social media pertaining to the procurement of frontline rafale fighter jets has vindicated the congress partys stand that prime minister narendramodi had kept chief minister manohar parrikar in the dark, the party said here on friday.
;;-0.5267;;parrikars notings vindicate our contention that prime minister narendramodi modis hands are linked to the scam, goa congress chief girish chodankar said.
;;-0.296;;some members of the felicitation organizing committee, which is headed by chief minister devendra fadnavis , felt the theme would also offend prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;-0.0258;;he demanded that prime minister narendramodi and defence minister nirmala sitharaman should apologize to the nation.
;;0.296;;santiniketan: prime minister narendramodi and his bangladeshi counterpart shiekh hasina wazed and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee will share the dais during the inauguration of bangladesh bhawan at visva-bharati university in santiniketan on may 25.
;;-0.5423;;bengaluru: two days after prime minister narendramodi termed karnataka government's farm loan waiver a cruel joke on farmers, chief minister hd kumaraswamy on sunday said modi's remarks were insensitive and factually incorrect.
;;0.0;;new delhi: as many as 49 celebrities from different fields including singer shubha mudgal, actor konkona sen sharma and filmmakers shyam benegal, anurag kashyap and mani ratnam, among others, have written an open letter to prime minister narendramodi over incidents of lynching in the country.
;;0.0;;madurai: four hashtags -- #gobackmodi, #gobacksadistmodi, #maduraithanksmodi and #tnwelcomesmodiare trending on twitter on sunday morning ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to madurai .
;;0.0;;chennai: prime minister narendramodi is coming to madurai in two days only to mislead people of tamil nadu, dmk president mk stlain said on friday.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will chair a meeting of heads of top state-run enterprises next month to chalk out a strategy for the functioning and role of cpses to realise the vision of a 'new india', officials said.
;;0.4019;;colva: curtorim mla aleixo reginaldo lourenco took a dig at prime minister narendramodi for promising to restart mining in goa through a video conference last sunday.
;;0.5423;;kurukshetra: during the swachh shakti 2019 convention of the women sarpanches from all over the country in kurukshetra, prime minister narendramodi conferred swachh shakti 2019 award to two women sarpanches of the region.
;;0.0;;a memorandum of intent was signed between the indian ministry of shipping and russia's ministry of transport for the development of maritime communications between the ports of chennai and vladivostok in russia's far east region after prime minister narendramodi 's talks with russian president vladimir putin modi, who arrived in russia on a two-day visit on wednesday, is the first indian prime minister to visit to the russian far east region .
;;0.2732;;though hasina will be in the region the previous day as well when she travels from kolkata to santiniketan to attend the convocation at visva-bharati along with prime minister narendramodi and inaugurates the bangladesh bhavan thereafter, she will fly to bolpur directly from kolkata airport in a helicopter on arrival from dhaka.
;;0.0;;there she will visit rabindra bhavan and then attend the convocation that will be chaired by the chancellor, prime minister narendramodi , who is expected to fly down to the indian air force aerodrome at panagarh and then take a chopper to santiniketan.
;;0.0;;prime minister jugnauth was received by prime minister narendramodi in the forecourt of the official presidential residence.
;;0.3612;;speaking to the media after the ceremonial reception, prime minister jugnauth said, firstly, let me thank pm narendramodi for invitation extended to me.
;;-0.7351;;new delhi: indias slowdown and a simmering shadow banking crisis is putting prime minister narendramodi modis goal of crafting a $5 trillion economy by 2025 at risk.
;;0.6705;;this story is from november 27, 2018prime minister narendramodi in nizamabad (ani photo)nizamabad: prime minister narendramodi on monday accused the trs and congress of perpetuating family rule and said the two parties were playing a friendly match in the telangana elections.
;;0.0;;pompeo, who arrived here tuesday night, called on prime minister narendramodi in the morning and discussed various aspects of the bilateral relationship.
;;0.0;;secretary pompeo called on pm narendramodi to exchange views on various aspects of indo-us relationship.
;;0.7579;;chandigarh: taking up the issue of agrarian crises with prime minister narendramodi , former punjab chief minister parkash singh badal has urged him to take immediate steps for ensuring guaranteed marketing of crops, along with a broad-based minimum support price (msp) regime and direct income support in the form of production subsidy.
;;0.7269;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked the party bjp mps to hold padayatras in their constituencies engaging with eminent citizens from each booth and spread mahatma gandhi 's vision on the rural economy.
;;0.4019;;kampala: india is emerging as a global manufacturing and start-up hub and many of the 'made-in-india' products, including cars and smart phones, are today exported to nations from whom the country used to import, prime minister narendramodi said today.
;;0.6901;;while a penchant for hindu symbolism is a leitmotif of prime minister narendramodi modis unique brand of politics domestically, one of the more interesting and under-reported aspects of his international diplomacy has been a focus on the cultural power of buddhism and indias special identity as its birthplace.
;;0.802;;baghpat: prime minister narendramodi on sunday turned the tables on congress and said the party had no respect for democracy and constitutional institutions including the supreme court, the election commission and even the indian army .
;;0.0;;women workers of bjp shouting slogans during prime minister narendramodi modis rally in churu on tuesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4939;;churu: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday held congress government responsible for no farmer from rajasthan getting the benefits of the newly launched pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi scheme.
;;0.8555;;the success rate was better than that of prime minister narendramodi in these states, the minister's office claimed while sharing the data.
;;0.5106;;kanyakumari: coming down heavily on mdmk general secretary vaiko for announcing a black flag protest during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to madurai on january 27, union minister of state for shipping and finance pon radhakrishnan said that vaiko should give up his plan to protect the dignity of the statethe kanyakumari mp was interacting with reporters in nagercoil on wednesday.
;;0.0;;joined by about 60-70 high school students from across the country, prime minister narendramodi will be present at the isro centre in bengaluru to witness live the space feat, according to officials.
;;-0.6808;;panaji: stating that the closure of iron ore mining operations had brought an economic catastrophe onto goa, the congress on thursday wrote to prime minister narendramodi , holding the bjp responsible for the current turmoil in the industry and in the states economy.
;;0.8271;;mangaluru: the bjp election office at bunts hostel was all smiles as the party supporters, who flocked the premises to listen to prime minister narendramodi modis address, seemed content with his answers that were laced with a heavy dose of wit.
;;0.0;;earlier, sunil kumar, election in-charge for bjp dakshina kannada, appealed to everyone present to work for prime minister narendramodi modis victory in the lok sabha election.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi is keeping tabs on the progress report and the team is routinely sending the pmo draft searches.
;;0.5106;;the demolition of the temple in a forest area in tughlakabad led to a big controversy, with the aap seeking prime minister narendramodi 's intervention in ensuring that the land be given back to the community to rebuild the place of worship.
;;-0.2023;;margao: south goa zilla panchayat members on friday unanimously resolved to write to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention to resolve the present mining crisis in goa.
;;0.4588;;amid the uncertainty mainstream political parties in the valley sought clarity from the centre on the issue and national conference president farooq abdullah asked for an appointment with prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.4404;;some visitors were also upset as a major attraction like the laser show in the evening remained closed from the second day after the inauguration by prime minister narendramodi on october 31.
;;0.0258;;in view of the stringent criticism of prime minister narendramodi over key issues of public interest, what will be your poll plank and what will be the outcome of the polls?
;;0.4767;;we are following the 5 f formula given by honourable prime minister narendramodi from farm to fiber, fiber to fabric, fabric to fashion, fashion to foreign.
;;0.8658;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi today asked youngsters to join the 'swachh bharat summer internship 2018' launched by his government and announced incentives, including credit point by the ugc, for participants, saying it is an opportunity for those who want to make a change in the society.
;;0.0;;30pm on february 14, but prime minister narendramodi stayed busy campaigning and addressing a meeting till 6.
;;0.2023;;along with his tweet, rathore also posted a video of himself where he talks about the significance of fitness as stressed by prime minister narendramodi , before goes down to do ten push-ups.
;;0.4939;;whenever i see prime minister narendramodi , i get inspired by him.
;;-0.765;;ahmedabad: prime minister narendramodi mentions pandit deendayal upadhyaya as a foremost figure who worked to uplift the poorest of the poor.
;;-0.2091;;lucknow: bsp chief mayawati on monday hit out at prime minister narendramodi over the rafale deal, saying that the chowkidar is important for the bjp/rss, not his honesty.
;;0.7506;;prime minister narendramodi (photo: ani)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi congratulated india's first full-time female finance minister nirmala sitharaman and her team for a citizen friendly, development friendly, and future oriented budget.
;;0.2023;;a screenshot of pm modi's twitter handle @narendramodi, showing he is followed by 50m usersnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi , known for reaching out to masses through social media, continues to be the most followed indian on twitter with his followers crossing 50 million mark on the microblogging site.
;;0.128;;new delhi: in what may clearly be construed as a pre-budget poll sop aimed at the middle class, prime minister narendramodi practically outed the agenda for the gst council's meeting scheduled for saturday, when he announced that 99  of the items in the gst slab will come under the 18  or lower tax bracket  leaving only luxury goods in the highest 28  tax slab.
;;-0.1531;;palaniswami had urged prime minister narendramodi on june 24 to deny permission to karnatakas proposal, amid reports of karnataka reaching out the ministry for clearance.
;;-0.6124;;but perhaps the main reason for aaps resounding defeat was that kejri positioned himself directly against narendramodi , who was projected as the face of the bjp.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to attend the event.
;;0.0;;on sunday, chief minister narendramodi will be inaugurating two flyovers in vadodara.
;;0.0;;36 lakh land owners in telangana will be benefited by the central governments kisan samaman nidhi programme in its first phase when prime minister narendramodi launches the programme in gorakhpur on february 24.
;;-0.0516;;the incidents of unprovoked firing and attempts to infiltrate the ib have increased in the last few days even as prime minister narendramodi is expected to reach jammu and kashmir tomorrow as part of an official visit.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 10, 2019pm narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.6124;;agartala/itanagar: prime minister narendramodi modis visits to tripura and arunachal pradesh led to widespread protests from anti-citizenship bill agitators on saturday.
;;-0.4588;;congress leaders led by taya addressed the gathering from atop a vehicle, attacking bjp, chief minister pema khandu and pm narendramodi .
;;-0.4019;;delhi: prime minister narendramodi , sonia gandhi and eam sushma swaraj pay tribute to people who lost lives in 200 https://t.
;;0.0;;co/5mm0w1iefz  ani (@ani) 1513143568000#delhi prime minister narendramodi meets former pm manmohan singh at the parliament.
;;-0.4767;;co/b4rd1zprfk  narendramodi (@narendramodi) 1513146620000tributes to the martyrs of the 2001 parliament attack.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump (ap file photo)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump will attempt to break a growing deadlock on trade while taking forward an increasingly deeper strategic relationship when they meet on the sidelines of the g20 summit in osaka in june end.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the annual meeting of the african development bank (afdb) on may 23 in gujarat, an event which would provide an opportunity for new delhi to deepen india's economic ties with africa.
;;-0.5994;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1495846696000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday paid tributes to pandit jawaharlal nehru on his 53rd death anniversary.
;;0.1779;;gandhinagar: gujarat may become the first state to adopt prime minister narendramodi modis new staffing model, allowing private individuals who are not ias officers, to be recruited to senior joint secretary-level posts.
;;-0.5267;;chief minister k chandrasekhar rao blames prime minister narendramodi , accusing him of being communal.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday inaugurated the 4.
;;0.2263;;kartarpur corridor project is an initiative of prime minister narendramodi and no other person knows more than him about the intelligence reports and reality of ground situation.
;;0.0;;patna: urban development and housing department (udhd) minister suresh sharma on tuesday said prime minister narendramodi might lay the foundation stone of the patna metro rail project during his patna visit on march 3 to address an nda rally.
;;-0.1027;;police said one of the features that give away the dubious site is that has names of prime minister narendramodi as well as of late rajiv gandhi.
;;0.5423;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday credited sardar valabhbhai patel with uniting india after partition and said it was his timely intervention which helped save jammu and kashmir from aggression.
;;0.3818;;new delhi: the national campaign committee for construction workers has approached prime minister narendramodi , opposing the government's move to subsume labour laws into four codes as it will repeal the bocw act under which various benefits are being provided to construction workers.
;;0.9442;;co/yd22vuvtpc  sachin tendulkar (@sachin_rt) 1567064748000new delhi: former indian batsman sachin tendulkar backed the 'fit india movement' launched by prime minister narendramodi on thursday as he spent time playing carrom board with senior citizens at an old age home and tennis with friends including vinod kambli spent some time with these wonder women at the st. anthony's old age home, felt blessed by the love shown by them.
;;0.4588;;earlier in the day, prime minister narendramodi launched a nation-wide 'fit india movement' at indira gandhi stadium complex in the national capital.
;;0.0;;this decision shows the pro-corporate stance of the bjp-led union government under prime minister narendramodi , kunal said while interacting with mediapersons in patna two days before the janadhikar mahasammelan that the cpi (ml) has planned to hold at gandhi maidan on may 1.
;;-0.296;;indore: the convenor of madhya pradesh bjps disciplinary committee monday said he has no official information that prime minister narendramodi had directly commented on the conduct of bjp mla akash vijayvargiya who was caught on camera hitting a civic officer with a cricket bat.
;;0.1496;;jalandhar: in its first year of coming to the power, the narendramodi government in 2015 had conferred padma vibhushan on parkash singh badal and in the last year of its five-year term it has conferred two padma awards, which might not have gone well with the badals as both awardees - advocate h s phoolka and senior akali leader sukhdev singh dhindsa have bitter equations with them.
;;0.3612;;when i called up prime minister narendramodi and union home minster rajnath singh to thank them, they just said that i deserved it.
;;-0.6908;;having completed three years in office last week, prime minister narendramodi could view the gross domestic product figures with some satisfaction after the doubts raised by his shock decision last november to scrap high-value banknotes in a move to flush out all the money indians hide from the taxman.
;;-0.5859;;manama: in a veiled attack on pakistan, india and bahrain on sunday called on the international community to reject the use of terrorism against other countries as both sides agreed to further enhance cooperation in the field of security, counter-terrorism and the exchange of intelligence and information during the visit of prime minister narendramodi to the gulf kingdom.
;;0.4215;;co/kph43kxg0j  sushil kumar modi (@sushilmodi) 1513599550000patna: bihar deputy chief minister and senior bjp leader sushil kumar modi on tuesday said party's victory in gujarat and himachal pradesh vindicated prime minister narendramodi 's big policy decisions of demonetisation and gst.
;;0.4404;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1560912839000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday wished good health and a long life to congress president rahul gandhi on his birthday.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi , us president donald trump and japanese premier shinzo abe will hold their first trilateral meeting this week on the sidelines of the g20 summit in argentina.
;;0.6249;;new york: india's engagement and outreach at the 74th session of the un general assembly, set to begin here next week, is unprecedented and prime minister narendramodi 's visit to the world organisation will result in a concrete, tangible, action-oriented outcomes, india's permanent representative to the un ambassador syed akbaruddin has said.
;;0.6486;;i have gladly observed in various international events during which i met with prime minister narendramodi , that common political will exists to improve the relations in every field between the two countries.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi had made it clear that reservation wont end at any cost.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will today inaugurate the up investors summit in lucknow.
;;0.2023;;the company's top executives, including chairman r c bhargava and managing director shinzo nakanishi, met chief minister narendramodi on tuesday to expedite setting up of its manufacturing foothold in the state.
;;0.5106;;on october 26, 2018, union minister of state for planning (independent charge) and gurgaon lok sabha mp rao inderjit singh wrote to prime minister narendramodi , saying that the president of india in his address to the joint session of parliament of 16th lok sabha had announced an aiims in each state and later the union health minister had written to the chief ministers of 15 states, including haryana, to identify three-four alternative locations and provide 200 acres of land free of cost for the same.
;;-0.1531;;lucknow: echoing congress line against prime minister narendramodi , rebel dalit mp , savitribai phule, said on sunday,  yeh chowkidar nahi, ghotalebaajon ka saajhidar hai (he is not the custodian, he is a partner of scamsters).
;;-0.5023;;the demand was also put forward before prime minister narendramodi during his visit to hussaniwala to pay tributes to martyrs bhagat singh, rajguru, sukhdev on march 23, 2015, but to no avail.
;;0.3182;;prominent industrialists who showered investments in the presence of the prime minister narendramodi were mukesh ambani, kumar mangalam birla, gautam adani , sudhir mehta and didier casimiro among others.
;;0.4019;;the bjp parliamentary board comprises prime minister narendramodi , party chief amit shah, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, transport minister nitin gadkari besides a few others.
;;0.765;;agra: prime minister narendramodi has assured chairman of the national commission for scheduled castes ram shankar katheria , that the union government will take all possible steps to safeguard interests of the sc/st community that is feeling aggrieved by the apex court's decision on the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act.
;;0.0;;bhopal: as part of the main bhi chowkidar campaign of bjp, prime minister narendramodi will interact with people through audio conferencing on sunday.
;;0.3818;;: prime minister narendramodi laid the foundation stone for entrepreneurship, innovation and career hub at cusat through video conferencing on sunday.
;;0.4019;;naidu said prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah were visiting the state only to help ysrc president jaganmohan reddy as they know that bjp would not get even 0.
;;0.4215;;the ordinance was approved at a cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi , the sources said.
;;-0.128;;sources said the committee is a follow up of the october 12 meeting called by prime minister narendramodi to review domestic production profile of oil and gas and the roadmap for cutting import dependence by 10 per cent by 2022.
;;0.1027;;jaipur: students enrolled/enrolling in coaching institutesiits and medical have appealed to prime minister narendramodi to exempt gst on coaching institutes in rajasthan.
;;0.7506;;west bengal cm mamata banerjeekolkata: describing her scheduled meeting with prime minister narendramodi on wednesday in new delhi as a courtesy one, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on tuesday said she would highlight various issues like funds that are due to the state during her talk with the pm.
;;0.0;;new delhi, nov 8 () prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the newly constructed multi-modal terminal on river ganga at varanasi monday, the government said.
;;-0.4767;;new delhi: congress lamented on monday that lynchings were the idea of new india and the new normal for the country under prime minister narendramodi and ruling bjp , alleging that mob justice, communal violence and atrocities against dalits have spiked in saffron-ruled states.
;;0.0;;bengaluru: all the wooing by prime minister narendramodi , and congress president rahul gandhi of late, notwithstanding, only a minuscule 24,348 non-resident indians (nris) have registered to vote with the election commission (ec).
;;0.0;;the protesters said the congress president is misleading people of the country by levelling baseless allegations against prime minister narendramodi in rafale deal even after the supreme court had dismissed pleas seeking a probe into the alleged irregularities in rafale deal.
;;-0.6486;;mumbai: a city-based ngo has written to prime minister narendramodi , who helms the national board for wildlife, seeking a cbi probe into the manner in which tigress avni was shot dead.
;;0.0;;according to a statement from his office, thakur also joined army personnel in leh to carry out a cleanliness drive to mark prime minister narendramodi 's 69th birthday.
;;-0.3612;;brushing aside allegations by siddaramaiah that central assistance to karnataka had fallen drastically under prime minister narendramodi , shah said under the 13th finance commission, when upa was in power, the state had got rs 88,000 crore.
;;-0.4588;;terming the visit of central team as an eye wash, he said he would boycott the visit by prime minister narendramodi to the state by carrying black flag protest if the centre fails to release rs 25,000 crore relief package to the state.
;;0.1901;;prime minister narendramodi had promised us that underworld don dawood ibrahim will be brought to india, but now the nda government has imported sugar from pakistan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi would inaugurate the 12.
;;0.5106;;the drive is being initiated to mark prime minister narendramodi modis call for a plastic free country through over a month-long drive swachhta hee sewa from september 11 to october 27 to commemorate mahatma gandhis 150th birth anniversary.
;;-0.4404;;during their address, the two trs legislators wondered how shah could criticise their government when it had been lauded by none other than prime minister narendramodi and the niti aayog.
;;0.6369;;lucknow: up chief minister yogi adityanath on sunday credited the bjp's historic performance in north eastern states to development-oriented policies of prime minister narendramodi and organisational skills of amit shah and said the day is not far when one party will be in power right from kashmir to kanyakumari.
;;0.0;;before masol came into limelight in 2014, when fossils found in the village caught the attention of prime minister narendramodi and the then france president, franois hollande, during a visit to chandigarh, the village had been relegated to oblivion.
;;0.4767;;the event, organised at a government school in new friends colony, came a day before prime minister narendramodi modis address to students across the country over pariksha pe charcha 2.
;;-0.4019;;pm modi (file photo)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday said when space is created for a dialogue, the room for conflict disappears.
;;0.0;;mumbai: a day after prime minister narendramodi made a pitch for smaller families to combat population explosion, bjp ally shiv sena on friday welcomed his remarks saying that late bal thackeray always advocated it.
;;0.4019;;the main aim of the meeting was to charge up the party workers for bringing back narendramodi as pm of nation and formation of bjp government in 2019.
;;0.0772;;if people want these public welfare schemes to continue, they should re-elect nda government by re electing narendramodi as pm, he said.
;;0.4588;;sources close to patel said he was first asked by leaders of the mahagathbandhan or grand alliance against the bjp to contest the varanasi parliamentary constituency, which prime minister narendramodi had by 3.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi has previously said that the court process will need to play out before any other initiative on the temple can be considered.
;;0.1779;;co/xrjmghche6  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1568971344000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday termed the decision to slash corporate tax as historic while the opposition parties used the announcement to attack the government, with the congress linking it with his us visit, saying it was amazed at what he will do for a stock market bump ahead of his houston speech.
;;0.6808;;new delhi: india and indonesia have agreed to upgrade their ties to comprehensive strategic partnership as the two countries signed 15 agreements including one on defence cooperation after extensive talks between prime minister narendramodi and indonesia president joko widodo in jakarta.
;;0.6197;;he also urged prime minister narendramodi not to disappoint the government employees if he wants to accomplish nation building.
;;0.2023;;washington: prime minister narendramodi and president donald trump are scheduled to meet twice in less than a week this month, india's top envoy to america has said, asserting that the india-us strategic relationship has the potential to become the defining partnership within this century.
;;-0.1027;;talking to media, gadkari said that all disputes over ken-betwa river linking project between madhya pradesh and uttar pradesh have been resolved and prime minister narendramodi would lay the foundation stone of the project in two months.
;;0.8625;;45 lakh crore which was bound to swell significantly while there will be a boost to made in india and make in india drive of the prime minister narendramodi asked why was it decided to increase the life of vehicles to be scrapped from earlier 15 years to present proposed 20 years, the minister said the decision was taken to protect the interest of people who would have taken loans to buy commercial vehicles.
;;-0.4767;;kurnool: continuing with his relentless attack on prime minister narendramodi and the government at the centre, chief minister n chandrababu naidu on sunday said the bjp is trying to obstruct the growth of andhra pradesh as it fears that the state will overtake gujarat in development.
;;0.3612;;mumbai: prime minister narendramodi 's recent visit to sweden will lead to greater cooperation between the two countries in green technology , says nila vikhe patil, the political adviser in the swedish pmo.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi, up cm yogi adityanath are the key campaigners.
;;0.0;;in his speech, he targeted prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi.
;;0.34;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday addressed the monthly radio programme mann ki baat ' and shared how the idea of the programme came into being.
;;-0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi undertook an adrenaline- charged campaign for the bjp, while congress president rahul gandhi helmed his party's electoral offensive.
;;0.0;;rahul will also campaign in prime minister narendramodi modis hometown, vadnagar, in mehsana district.
;;0.3612;;the hearing on friday assumes importance as prime minister narendramodi on tuesday suggested any decision on an ordinance on ram temple in ayodhya can happen only after the completion of the judicial process.
;;0.0;;hyderabad: days after his alleged remarks against prime minister narendramodi at public meetings in karimnagar and adilabad, trs president and chief minister k chandrasekhar rao said on saturday that he did not use any unparliamentary words against the pm.
;;0.4767;;i have nothing against narendramodi and have respect for him.
;;0.0;;read morechennai: three spacious sea-facing suites, each nearly 40 square metres, are being readied at fishermans cove resort near mamallapuram for the second informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping in october.
;;-0.5423;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citysrinagar: perform or suffer is the message of jammu and kashmir governor satyapal malik for the state's bureaucrats and he says he has been directed by prime minister narendramodi to build a badhiya (wonderful) kashmir where corruption, inefficiency and sluggishness will not be tolerated.
;;-0.6808;;winding up his high decibel poll campaign in karnataka on thursday, rahul, accompanied by all top congress leaders, interacted with the media here and responded to issues on rising incidents of crime against women, his visits to temples and personal attacks on siddaramaiah and him by prime minister narendramodi , during the election campaign.
;;0.5187;;islamabad: pakistan foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi on sunday tried to defend senate chairman sadiq sanjropting out of his pre-scheduled visit to the uae after the gulf nation honoured prime minister narendramodi with the highest civilian award, but ended up making contrasting statements on sunday.
;;-0.6124;;the agitators submitted a memorandum to the circle officer of dibrugarh west revenue circle, tarali das, addressed to prime minister narendramodi and chief minister sarbananda sonowal the ahom community has been demanding that the bogibeel bridge be named as swargadeo chaolung sukapha swamanyay setu after the first ahom king, chaolung sukapha.
;;-0.128;;chennai: a day after the centre introduced rules that would force beef dishes off the menu, more than 50 people from the indian national league protested on venkatnarayana road in t nagar, raising slogans against prime minister narendramodi and burning his effigy.
;;0.1531;;a senior official of the administration said, prime minister narendramodi has himself stressed on the improvement of air connectivity in the northeast.
;;0.0;;bengaluru re-elected congress' k j george, roshan baig and na haris, who prime minister narendramodi said were defaming bengaluru and bjp national president amit shah had pledged to rid the city of.
;;0.0;;a native of perambur in chennai, the boy received a letter from prime minister narendramodi in reply to his congratulatory letter soon after the election.
;;0.7506;;new delhi: bjp leaders greeted prime minister narendramodi on his 69th birthday on tuesday and hailed him as a visionary leader and statesman.
;;0.8271;;my greetings to our popular prime minister and a respected world leader pm narendramodi on his birthday.
;;0.5859;;meanwhile, the mizoram bru displaced people's forum (mbdpf), the apex body of the refugees, has urged prime minister narendramodi , union home minister rajnath singh, home secretary rajiv gauba and joint secretary (north-east) satyendra garg to extend their relief and other assistance until they returned to their homes in mizoram.
;;0.0;;kant said one of the things which prime minister narendramodi has been focusing on in recent times is the target of becoming a $5 trillion economy by 2024 and subsequently a $10 trillion economy by 2030.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 28, 2018pm narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.2263;;in a rare gesture, chief minister edappadi k palaniswami agreed to the suggestion from leader of opposition m k stalin that mps from the state should call on prime minister narendramodi to put pressure on the centre against the privatisation of the plant, the dream project of dmk founder c n annadurai.
;;-0.4767;;pm modi, uk pm boris johnsonnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday spoke to uk pm boris johnson over phone and raised the issue of violence against indians participating in independence day celebrations outside indian mission in london according to a statement issued by the prime minister's office, modi drew johnson's attention to the challenges posed by vested interests pursuing their motivated agenda, including by violent means.
;;-0.2263;;protesters held placards and raised slogans against prime minister narendramodi and union petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan .
;;0.0;;she must find resources for welfare programs announced by prime minister narendramodi modis government, including rs 87,000 crore ($12.
;;0.0;;even an election rally by prime minister narendramodi at santhemaralli in the border district was managed smoothly.
;;0.0;;but we object to the way the bjp is attempting to project chandrayaan-2 as the achievement of prime minister narendramodi .
;;-0.0516;;ayodhya: the government should bring an ordinance to construct ram temple, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray said on sunday in ayodhya , asserting that prime minister narendramodi has the courage to do so and there would be no one to stop it.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi has courage.
;;-0.7317;;beijing: china signalled on wednesday that it would continue to block indias entry into the nuclear suppliers group despite the special rapport struck between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping during the past three meetings starting with the wuhan talks in april last year.
;;-0.296;;new delhi: nepal, with a long history of contentious relations with india, will host prime minister narendramodi for the third time in four years, when modi lands in janakpur on friday to offer prayers at the janaki temple.
;;-0.5267;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday inaugurated two hydroelectric projects in jammu & kashmir, indicating his government's political will to respond to pakistan's use of terrorism against india with every option at its command, including using in full india's share of water from western tributaries of the indus, as possible leverage points.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will flag off the countrys first high-powered electric locomotive assembled in madhepura in bihar on tuesday.
;;0.3182;;jaisalmer: on the occasion of 20th anniversary of two nuclear tests that were conducted in pokhran field firing range on may 11 and 13, 1998, prime minister narendramodi has asked people to celebrate it as yuva shaurya shakti diwas.
;;-0.4588;;immediately after the government prevailed in the battle of nerves over the triple talaq bill, visitors at prime minister narendramodi modis office expected to meet a man in high spirits.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said the government was working to bring 50  of the country's crop area under a new insurance scheme in 2018-19 and would complete 50 of 99 targeted irrigation projects by end of this year and the remaining by next year.
;;0.2732;;at an all-party meeting called by prime minister narendramodi in delhi, patnaik, who is also the bjd president, strongly advocated a re-look into the land acquisition act and the forest conservation act.
;;0.0;;bjp has brought out its big guns, with prime minister narendramodi launching the party's campaign in the state last month and the party's national president amit shah building on that momentum by addressing an election rally in garo hills, home to chief minister mukul sangma , on saturday.
;;0.0;;the scheme announced for benefiting two categories of middle class homebuyers by prime minister narendramodi on december 31, 2016 was earlier extended twice till march 2019.
;;0.34;;dibrugarh: security has been beefed up in the two upper assam districts of dibrugarh and dhemaji on the eve of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to inaugurate the bogibeel bridge the pm will first land at the dibrugarh airport at 1.
;;-0.4588;;hyderabad: all india majlise-ittehadul muslimeen (aimim) chief asaduddin owaisi on tuesday took a dig at prime minister narendramodi on social media after a legislator from uttar pradesh was caught on camera allegedly threating a woman ias officer in public.
;;0.4767;;kcr himself had met prime minister narendramodi to get the centres approval.
;;-0.5574;;the sena leaders demanded that prime minister narendramodi get tough and initiate immediate action against the terrorists and pakistan which is supporting them.
;;-0.1593;;they claimed to have sent one lakh postcards to prime minister narendramodi with this demand from the head post office in trichy.
;;-0.1531;;tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswamidownload the times of india news app for latest citychennai: tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on monday sought the urgent personal intervention of prime minister narendramodi to deny karnatakas dam plan across the cauvery river.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , while launching pradhan mantri sahaj bijli har ghar yojana or saubhagya scheme on september 25 last year, had set the target for completing the electrification process across the country by december this year.
;;-0.6908;;kolar: aicc president rahul gandhi on saturday taunted prime minister narendramodi for lacking the guts to face the congress in parliament and using the nda allies to stall the proceedings in both houses, which were adjourned sine die without transacting business for 22 days.
;;0.4019;;it may be recalled that recently prime minister narendramodi had given a call to shut petrol bunks on sundays as it would be an environmentally-friendly move at the same time it would boost the nation's foreign exchange reserves.
;;0.6124;;ahmedabad: in a bid to strengthen the party cadre before the 2017 assembly polls, the bjp on sunday started functioning its 48,000 booths across gujarat, where its leaders listened to prime minister narendramodi 's radio programme 'mann ki baat'.
;;0.0;;mysuru: highlighting the many pioneering roles that sushma swaraj had essayed in her four-decade long political career, former mlc thontadaraya on wednesday said, her work as the union minister for external affairs in prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet was exemplary.
;;0.3818;;guwahati: the week leading up to the mizoram assembly election promises high-voltage election rhetoric, with prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi both scheduled to campaign in the state within three days of each other.
;;-0.7506;;the move comes less than a fortnight after vice president mike pence had a meeting with prime minister narendramodi in singapore, during which he is believed to have himself raised this issue and rued that even 10 years after the mumbai terrorist attack its perpetrators have not been brought to justice.
;;0.296;;the bjp leader alleged that nehru victimised mookerjee just like he did to the architect of constitution dr b r ambedkar and the first union home minister sardar vallabhbhai patel on abrogation of article 370 , he said everyone believed that the nda government led by prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah would take a definite decision on the matter and bring about change.
;;0.4588;;he said that there has been real improvement in the relationship between india and israel after prime minister narendramodi came to power in 2014.
;;0.5882;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi remains indias most popular leader with no competition in sight, according to a mega online survey by the times group despite the note ban, gst and a no-holds-barred poll campaign in gujarat, more than three quarters of respondents, in the survey conducted in nine languages across 10 times group media properties, said they will vote for him if lok sabha polls were held today.
;;0.0772;;rahul gandhi meets students during his visit to flood-affected areas at vazhikkadavunew delhi: congress leader rahul gandhi on friday criticised prime minister narendramodi for not visiting flood-hit areas in kerala and said the state was awaiting a relief package.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 16, 2019small talk: onstage during the kollam bypass inauguration on tuesday, prime minister narendramodi and chief m.
;;-0.705;;kollam: prime minister narendramodi modis claim that what happened in tripura will happen in kerala might seem a desperate attempt to shore up the morale of his party workers, but by branding congress-led udf and cpm-led ldf as two sides of the same coin he left no doubt that bjp and its nda allies would do their utmost to disrupt keralas decades-long bipolar political order in the upcoming general elections.
;;0.2732;;however, he is still well behind prime minister narendramodi , who has more than 48 million followers on the micro-blogging site.
;;0.2023;;davos: prime minister narendramodi held a much-anticipated roundtable with ceos of top global companies before his keynote address at the plenary session of the world economic forum (wef).
;;0.25;;here, toi presents highlights of the eventful meet, including reactions to the pm's speech, accounts of chance meetings and some off-the-cuff revelatory comments made by the pm:with pm narendramodi scheduled to speak at 11.
;;-0.4497;;prime minister narendramodi had laid the institutes foundation stone on october 4, 2017, but it took more than a year to perform its ground breaking ceremony due to delay in completion of formalities, including the transfer of required land.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi himself has fronted the debate on triple talaq, while asking for it not to be politicised.
;;0.5267;;what is your response to pm narendramodi modis comments that all efforts should be made to provide justice to muslim women?
;;0.128;;this story is from october 25, 2018mk stalin (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citychennai: the centre has changed the cbi chief as prime minister narendramodi is feeling the heat of a possible rafale-deal probe, said m k stalin on wednesday.
;;-0.8625;;the post on twitter carries a poem in light of the pulwama attack: it appeals to prime minister narendramodi to act as the time is now or never and urges people to identify terror sympathisers hiding among us and drag them out on the street and let them face the music.
;;0.4215;;(file photo)mumbai: amid reports that maharashtra's ruling bjp and shiv sena are hardening their positions on sharing of seats to contest the assembly polls, sena chief uddhav thackeray on saturday said, in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , that the saffron alliance is inevitable and it will return to power once again.
;;-0.2023;;new delhi: over a month after the delhi development authority razed the capitals kathputli colony , deeming it as illegal, a seven-member delegation of residents and artists met prime minister narendramodi on friday and urged him to grant the status of heritage artists village to the colony.
;;-0.4767;;chennai: dmk working president m k stalin on saturday said tamil nadu mps should resign if prime minister narendramodi refused to meet an all party delegation from the state to exert pressure on setting up a cauvery management board.
;;0.743;;mumbai: in lieu of prime minister narendramodi 's davos visit, market indices sensex and nifty saw positive trade on tuesday morning.
;;-0.2023;;sources said the event has been postponed due to the visit of prime minister narendramodi to tirupur on february 10.
;;-0.5719;;to a question, he said if required, he would take up khan's case with prime minster narendramodi if needed, will meet the prime minister to convey to him the injustice to khan, the sp leader, who has appeared before the media after a long time, said.
;;-0.25;;sathe had earlier sent rs 1,064, his earnings from onion sale in the wholesale market, to prime minister narendramodi on november 29 as a protest.
;;0.0772;;39-km long patna metro rail, the foundation stone for which was laid by prime minister narendramodi in begusarai, would become operational by 2024 while laying the foundation for the project at a parallel function at gate number 1 of patna zoo on sunday, sharma said work on the rs 13,365.
;;0.836;;washington: india and the united states have pledged to continue their strong bilateral strategic partnership, the pentagon said after a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and us defence secretary jim mattis mattis met the prime minister on the sidelines of the international institute for strategic studies' 17th asia security summit - also known as the shangri-la dialogue - in singapore on saturday.
;;0.0;;according to police sources, the women from surat had gone to take part in the convention which was addressed by prime minister narendramodi the truck was carrying plywood.
;;-0.6249;;the tweeple called for prime minister narendramodi modis intervention to put an end to this ongoing civic-work crisis.
;;0.4215;;patna: the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea), chaired by prime minister narendramodi , has approved rs 2,729.
;;0.6597;;in a media interaction, he said the party was fast gaining lost political ground across the country, as people have started seeing through the maze of fake promises made by prime minister narendramodi and the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
;;0.0;;bjp will bank on its most-dependable face, prime minister narendramodi , in the upcoming assembly elections.
;;0.4019;;the archbishop of delhi anil couto is not against prime minister narendramodi or any political party.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 16, 2019prime minister narendramodi inaugurated works at sree padmanabhaswamy temple under swadeshi darshan schemedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;thiruvananthapuram: prime minister narendramodi , on tuesday, inaugurated the first phase of works under swadeshi darshan scheme at sree padmanabhaswamy temple in the capital, even as several ldf and udf leaders alleged breach of protocol and politicization of the official function.
;;0.0;;belagavi: if everything goes according to plan, prime minister narendramodi will kickstart the lok sabha election campaign from belagavi on february 10.
;;-0.81;;the order mentions that the increasing number of complaints regarding air, water, noise, municipal solid waste, plastic waste and hazardous waste pollution in the state has not just resulted in piling up of right to information applications but also a spiral of grievances on public portal of prime minister narendramodi and state chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.6249;;mumbai: world banks india chief junaid ahmed said, that beti kamao needs to be added to prime minister narendramodi modis beti bachao, beti padhao programme as the country faces a crisis where women are dropping out of the workforce.
;;0.0;;the bjp has put up several banners at the junction of sena bhavan in dadar , with pictures of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis , thanking the two leaders for issuing permissions for the work speedily.
;;0.0258;;it is better if you reach out to prime minister narendramodi who will heed your woes.
;;-0.6249;;in a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi on tuesday, the cpm politburo asked for his immediate intervention to end the violence in tripura.
;;0.0;;raj congratulated prime minister narendramodi for the bjp's victory but tweeted weren't you supposed to sweep with your vikaas?
;;-0.1027;;the bjp leader denied any rift within the party regarding the jan jagaran yatra after senior party leader narendramodi denied his participation in it.
;;-0.7506;;new delhi: the bjp on sunday advised congress chief rahul gandhi to worry about his own chances in the 2019 lok sabha elections , after the latter predicted that prime minister narendramodi might lose the electoral fight in his constituency varanasi, reported pti.
;;0.6705;;lucknow : the uncle of the rape survivor said on saturday that he felt relieved after hearing prime minister narendramodi say that his niece will definitely get justice and the culprit will not be spared.
;;-0.5267;;meanwhile, a wildlife body claimed that two kites were rescued from prime minister narendramodi modis office after the birds collapsed due to severe heat exhaustion and dehydration.
;;0.4588;;the memorial built at a cost of rs86 crore was dedicated to the nation by prime minister narendramodi on january 30.
;;0.5499;;guwahati: one of assams largest labour unions, the assam chah mazdoor sangha (acms), hit out at prime minister narendramodi for bringing up his chaiwala days before the election but failing to ensure the daily minimum wage of rs 351 for tea garden employees after winning.
;;0.0;;he then met with india's prime minister narendramodi , where he was asked about attending the climate session.
;;0.1779;;ranchi: former bihar chief minister lalu prasad and cpi (ml) national general secretary dipankar bhattacharya accused prime minister narendramodi of supporting the vandalism on the statues of lenin in tripura and ramaswamy periyar in tamil nadu.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi created huge momentum for india during his nepal visit.
;;0.7506;;belagavi/panaji: a day after prime minister narendramodi assured farmers of the region that the bjp would resolve the mahadayi water dispute if the party came to power, bjp national president amit shah on sunday set a six-month deadline to find a solution.
;;0.4215;;tuticorin: a group of students from subbiah vidyalayam girls higher secondary school, on wednesday in tuticorin, got an opportunity to interact with prime minister narendramodi through video conferencing.
;;0.4939;;chennai: prime minister narendramodi modis ambitious bharatmala pariyojana project has made a sluggish progress in tamil nadu ever since its launch in 2017.
;;0.0;;rajkot: work on the proposed new international airport at rajkot is yet to take off even six months after prime minister narendramodi laid its foundation.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 9, 2019prime minister narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;kollam: even as ldf and udf claimed that their efforts had led to the realization of kollam bypass project, the prime minister's office (pmo) informed kollam mp n k premachandran that prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the bypass on january 15.
;;0.0;;but, the actual anti-nationals are prime minister narendramodi , chief minister sonowal, himanta biswa sarma and bjp president amit shah .
;;0.0;;vijayawada: andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu on friday took on the bjp-led nda government and prime minister narendramodi in his address to the gathering after breaking his 12-hour fast.
;;0.0;;sardar sarovar damahmedabad: a day before prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to arrive in gujarat , the water level in the sardar sarovar dam touched the full reservoir level of 138.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , will arrive in ahmedabad, on monday night and visit the sardar sarovar dam on tuesday to mark the occasion of the dam being filled to capacity for the first time.
;;-0.2912;;sources say that barring very few, including prime minister narendramodi , none is very sure of a repeat this time.
;;0.6433;;the move of political parties to show black flags to prime minister narendramodi is not wrong given how the centre treats tamil nadu with a big brother attitude, he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (ani photo)shramdaan'active participation from people in 'back to village' programme in j&k'ranchi: the twin villages of aara and keram in jharkhand shot to limelight on sunday when prime minister narendramodi lauded their water conservation efforts in his ' mann ki baat ' programme.
;;-0.2263;;chennai: protesters assembled outside the chennai airport a few minutes before the arrival of prime minister narendramodi in chennai to inaugurate the defexpo 2018.
;;0.0;;capt amarinder singh, who met congress president rahul gandhi earlier in the day, said prime minister narendramodi modis allegations on the punjab governments loan waiver scheme were completely incorrect.
;;0.0;;namo tv, a bjp-sponsored channel that publicised prime minister narendramodi 's rallies and other poll messages, had gone off air last month after the lok sabha polls in a written reply to a question in the rajya sabha, information and broadcasting minister prakash javadekar said, the 'namo tv' is not listed in the list of channels of ministry of information and broadcasting as it was a 'platform service' offered by dth operators to its subscribers.
;;0.1882;;tharoor made the remark weeks after facing wrath of his party's state unit for endorsing party colleague jairam ramesh's warning last month that demonising prime minister narendramodi all the time and not recognising his work will not help the party.
;;0.0;;the 182-metre-tall statue was unveiled by prime minister narendramodi on october 31 last year.
;;0.0;;two years ago, nirmal had also invited prime minister narendramodi to the mahasabha headquarters.
;;0.0;;on the last day of filing of nominations for the seat from where prime minister narendramodi is in the fray, only two activists from prakasam in andhra pradesh were able to file their nominations.
;;0.0;;new delhi: hitting out at maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis ' wife amruta on her recent remark of calling prime minister narendramodi as father of the country, senior congress leader mallikarjun kharge on wednesday said that only mahatma gandhi can be given the title of 'father of the nation'.
;;0.8313;;wishing the father of our country narendramodi ji a very happy birthday - who inspires us to work relentlessly towards the betterment of the society, amruta fadnavis tweeted.
;;-0.7184;;this story is from november 19, 2018new delhi: the congress attacked prime minister narendramodi on sunday after he claimed that its former president sitaram kesri came from a dalit and exploited community, saying kesri belonged to the other backward classes (obc) and was not a dalit.
;;0.4588;;furthermore, gadkari announced that prime minister narendramodi will receive the container vessel which traveled for the first time on inland waterways nw1 ganga at varanasi on november 12 at the newly-developed multimodel terminal dedicated to the nation.
;;0.7717;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday said his four-nation tour of germany, spain, russia and france beginning tomorrow is aimed at boosting india's economic engagement with these nations and inviting more investment.
;;0.0;;chennai: chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on wednesday will not have a one-on-one meeting with prime minister narendramodi to discuss constitution of the cauvery management board .
;;-0.3182;;this story is from november 9, 2018pti photoguwahati: continuing his tirade against prime minister narendramodi modis economic policies, former union minister p chidambaram said that the nda government is greedy for getting hold of reserve bank of india (rbi) money in the reserve.
;;0.4019;;while the ground work of the relationship was being laid by officials on both sides - in particular foreign secretary s jaishankar and national security adviser ajit k doval - in the first six months of the year, when they held multiple visits or hosted senior white house officials, it is the meeting of prime minister narendramodi with trump at the white house on june 26, which is said to be a landmark and a turning point in the bilateral relationship this year.
;;-0.6124;;navi mumbai: prime minister narendramodi will e-inaugurate a rs 18,000 crore economically weaker sections (ews) and low income group (lig) housing of 90,000 flats in the city during an mmrda function on december 18.
;;0.6124;;some of these leaders share close ties with prime minister narendramodi and the commemorative summit followed by republic day celebrations will give yet another opportunity for the indian pm and the asean leaders to deepen that, said people familiar with india-southeast asia relations.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi , home minister amit shah, defence minister rajnath singh party and working presid.
;;-0.4767;;while the immediate provocation was the controversy over us president donald trump's remarks on kashmir and the opposition's insistence that prime minister narendramodi personally clarify the issue, sources said the resentment in opposition runs on issues like the government refusing to refer key bills to parliamentary committees and the pm's junking the convention of briefing parliament after international visits.
;;0.6808;;co/wmxef6nfwd  cm of karnataka (@cmofkarnataka) 1565946346000new delhi/bengaluru: prime minister narendramodi on friday assured karnataka chief minister of central aid to speed up relief works in its flood-hit districts, an official said.
;;-0.4019;;the bjp top brass mourned the death of kanchi shankaracharya jayendra saraswathi with prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah recalling their interactions with the hindu priest.
;;-0.4019;;thakurnagar: at least 18 people, mostly women, were injured in a stampede-like situation at kamona sagar ground in thakurnagar, bongaon, when the crowd, that had gathered to attend prime minister narendramodi modis rally, started getting restive.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi too occasionally talks about the problem, and says congress deserves a gold medal for corruption.
;;0.6486;;dushyant gautam guided the attendees on membership and praised prime minister narendramodi for upliftment of economically weaker section with amenities like toilets, houses, water, and for the various developments in the country like sanitation and water conservation.
;;-0.7003;;new delhi: amid growing public outrage over the kathua and unnao incidents, a collective of retired civil servants has written to prime minister narendramodi calling the current situation a moment of existential crisis in which the governments response would determine whether the nation could overcome the crisis of constitutional values, of governance and the ethical order.
;;0.25;;new delhi: close on the heels of national security adviser ajit doval, external affairs minister s. jaishankar will pay a two-day visit to moscow from august 27 in preparation for prime minister narendramodi 's visit to vladivostok next month.
;;-0.1027;;here, the ministry of environment should pay attention to prime minister narendramodi modis comments at davos last year, snow in the arctic is melting, many islands are sinking or are about to sink.
;;0.3818;;she has recently written to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention to protect the heritage structures on the church premises.
;;0.0;;since the launch of mudra yojana by prime minister narendramodi in april 2015, banks have disbursed more than rs 3.
;;-0.4019;;rahul also attacked prime minister narendramodi for failing to safeguard the interests of farmers and youth.
;;0.2472;;new delhi, jan 25 () an rss affiliate on friday wrote to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to not buckle under pressure from the united states to defer the implementation of e-commerce norms as it will harm the interest of small entrepreneurs and shopkeepers.
;;-0.2263;;later, the repairing work was delayed following prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the city on january 9 to address a public rally.
;;-0.128;;hyderabad: stepping up the demand for bison polo ground land, trs floor leader in the lok sabha ap jithender reddy on wednesday urged prime minister narendramodi to transfer the ground in secunderabad to the state government, which is planning to construct a new and sprawling secretariat complex there.
;;-0.6124;;new delhi/panaji: upset by the lukewarm response of the central government to the three-day dharna in new delhi demanding resumption of mining in the state, the mining dependants have decided to hold a one-day goa bandh to press for their demand even as representation was submitted to the government for prime minister narendramodi modis intervention.
;;0.7184;;gowda assured the protesters that he will take their issue in parliament and, if needed, would also raise it with prime minister narendramodi the union leaders are hoping to get their demands heard in parliaments winter session and if that doesnt happen, they are ready to intensify their protest in the capital as well in goa.
;;0.9081;;it was only a fortnight ago that the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi approved creation of one circle office of cmrs, along with supporting officers and staff for carrying out functions of commission of metro railway safety as envisaged in the metro railways (operations and maintenance) act, 2002, in the commission of railway safety which falls under the civil aviation ministry.
;;-0.4767;;this story is from november 26, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: chief minister shivraj singh chouhan on sunday slammed congress for personal attack on prime minister narendramodi and him.
;;0.5943;;foreign office spokesman mohammad faisal said, kartarpur is not an isolated event and the process to engage india was set in motion by prime minister khan when he wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi in september, offering dialogue to resolve all disputes, including kashmir.
;;0.0772;;earlier this year, bhatt filed an affidavit in the supreme court and implicated chief minister narendramodi in the 2002 riots.
;;0.6697;;co/xxhrqrciit  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1495949960000i got a very interesting suggestion- since its 3rd yoga day, why not 3 generations of a family come together & practice yoga: pm #mannkibaat  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1495950255000new delhi: in his 32nd edition of 'mann ki baat', prime minister narendramodi on sunday welcomed the analyses being done in various media fora about the performance of, saying constructive criticism strengthens the democracy.
;;0.4215;;people are reposing faith in the leadership of prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi should not snatch jobs.
;;0.6956;;singh said prime minister narendramodi has been talking about achieving $5 trillion economy by 2024 but in the present situation it looks like a piped dream.
;;-0.7579;;the complaint was filed one month after flesh filed a complaint on the public grievance portal of prime minister narendramodi and indian consulate in dubai in september 2017.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi greeting union home minister amit shah after the jammu and kashmir reorganisation.
;;0.0772;;read morepresidents ruleparliament sessionrajya sabha number gamenew delhi: the rajya sabha on monday passed two bills and resolutions each moved by the narendramodi government revoking article 370 and article 35a of the constitution and bifurcating jammu and kashmir .
;;0.0;;had the bjp-pdp government continued, the narendramodi government would not have been able to bring about legislations on jammu and kashmir.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday conveyed to uae foreign minister sheikh abdullah bin zayed his resolve to step up cooperation with the gulf country in key sectors such as trade and energy.
;;0.7906;;prime minister narendramodi reiterated his strong commitment to work with the uae leadership to take the relationship to higher levels in all spheres of cooperation, including in trade and economy, energy, tourism and people-to-people contacts, the statement said.
;;0.1719;;k chandrasekhar rao (file photo)hyderabad: chief minister k chandrasekhar rao on sunday warned prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah not to hurt people of telangana by making, what he described, derogatory comments on the states bifurcation.
;;0.0;;incidentally, telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao met prime minister narendramodi on wednesday morning and the presidential notification came by evening.
;;-0.9794;;mathura: recalling the horrific 9/11 terrorist attack in the us, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday that terrorism has now become a global threat and an ideology not confined to any single nation and is deeply rooted and flourishing in pakistan now terrorism has become an ideology which is not confined to the boundary of any nation.
;;-0.6369;;the party alleged him of creating and promoting hatred and insulting prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah , in violation of model code of conduct.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 13, 2019a kite-seller shows kites with pictures of pm narendramodi and cm naveen patnaik in bhubaneswardownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;paswan said reservation is a constitutional right, and added that prime minister narendramodi has reiterated it many times that it can not tampered with.
;;0.34;;this story is from october 22, 2018prime minister narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest cityvaranasi: the indian carpet industry will capture 50  of the export market of the world in two years, said prime minister narendramodi , adding that the industry should try to take the export value from the existing rs 9,000 crore to rs 25,000 crore by 2022.
;;0.7579;;london: british prime minister boris johnson on tuesday said that a big free trade agreement (fta) was among the key issues he discussed with prime minister narendramodi during their meeting on the sidelines of the g7 summit in biarritz france , last month.
;;0.8591;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday dubbed the bjp's win over the left in tripura a victory of ideology and said the party needs to work hard to maintain its winning electoral streak, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar told reporters.
;;-0.4767;;while agreeing with prime minister narendramodi modis statement that periods of repression, like during the emergency, have left a stain on indias history, patel said: sadly, those dark days are now casting a shadow over india again.
;;0.4019;;winning performance in tripura +agartala: in 2016, prime minister narendramodi modis slogan of driving out every single illegal bangladeshi migrant from the country drove voters in assam to press the button in favour of bjp the same formula was nuanced two years later to deliver another, despite the majority voters here being those who had entered the once-tribal state from across the border.
;;-0.6124;;when he met delegations from the trading city, he expressed regret that they did not choose to inform him of their angst but the events did ring alarm bells, and led to a series of course corrections with shah pressing prime minister narendramodi to address the issue upfront in his poll rallies.
;;0.0;;new delhi: river ganga in prime minister narendramodi 's constituency varanasi may be among the first places in india to get a regular seaplane service.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had laid down the foundation stone of the bathinda campus in october 2016.
;;0.1027;;uttar pradesh: union defence minister rajnath singh on sunday said the bjp led central government did not rest even for a day and did 'an incredible' work during hundred days of prime minister narendramodi 's second term.
;;-0.6908;;this story is from november 25, 2018shankersinh vaghela (file photo)former dhandhuka mla resigns from bjp, may joindownload the times of india news app for latest citygandhinagar: shankersinh vaghela , former chief minister and former leader of the opposition who helped the bjp in the rajya sabha and assembly elections last year, attacked the bjp on saturday and challenged prime minister narendramodi on many fronts.
;;0.0;;targeting modi in his speech and tweets vaghela said, our pm narendramodi , instead of finding ways to reduce the rs 2.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 31, 2019prime minister narendramodi at the inauguration of national salt satyagraha memorial at dandi on the 71st dea.
;;-0.25;;surat: without naming the congress , prime minister narendramodi on wednesday lashed out at the opposition party saying that its perennial negative approach has only become more pronounced over the years.
;;0.0;;bhatt has annexed the fax massages sent to chief minister narendramodi , zadaphia and higher cops informing how mobs were gathering around gulbarg society and naroda patia, and how former congress mp ehsan jafri was sending sos.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi was to hand over flat keys to the allottees in may last year, but the project could not be completed.
;;0.6361;;if both (pakistan and india) want, i am ready to do it, he said, a day after attending 'howdy, modi' rally in houston, where he shared the stage with prime minister narendramodi and displayed a close friendship and a common vision on fighting terrorism at any point of time, i would be an extremely good arbitrator, he said.
;;0.0;;she was followed by prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was present in the house.
;;0.0;;following the establishment of international solar alliance in december 2017, prime minister narendramodi hosted its founding conference in new delhi in march 2018, during which the delhi solar agenda was adopted, she said.
;;0.3182;;the bjp leaders took strong exception to tdp visakhapatnam east legislator v ganesh leading a protest on monday where the activists used footwear on prime minister narendramodi 's photo.
;;0.128;;lucknow: justice rang nath pandey of the allahabad high court was on thursday denied an official farewell on his retirement, days after he reportedly wrote to prime minister narendramodi on deficiencies in the collegium system of appointing judges.
;;0.7845;;prime minister narendramodi too was greeted with loud cheers and slogans by bjp members when he arrived in the house just before shah was to respond to the debate on motion to abrogate special status to jammu and kashmir and a bill which splits the state into two union territories.
;;-0.4019;;noida: a police van on monday broke down in the middle of a road that prime minister narendramodi was to take to reach the expo mart and had to be pushed by four policemen to a side.
;;-0.2263;;(file photo)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will saturday chair the fifth meeting of the niti aayog's governing council which will focus on issues like the drought situation, farm distress, rain-water harvesting and preparedness for kharif crops.
;;-0.5267;;former congress mp jitendra singh went on to allege that in fact prime minister narendramodi had threatened both sp and bsp with cbi cases if they did not come together to ensure the defeat of congress in the bypolls.
;;0.6705;;meanwhile, with the assembly elections drawing neat, bjp is leaving no stone unturned to make prime minister narendramodi modis rally at rohtak on september 8 a success.
;;-0.4881;;now that the government has passed the citizenship bill in the lok sabha , crushing all aspirations and democratic voices of the people, we wont allow prime minister narendramodi to enter assam.
;;-0.5106;;new delhi: saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman on wednesday ordered the release of 850 indian prisoners lodged in his country's jails on prime minister narendramodi 's request as the two leaders held extensive talks here, according to the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;texas: prime minister narendramodi is slated to address a 50,000 people-strong gathering at the nrg stadium in houston here on september 22.
;;0.6249;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi asked nda leaders to works towards creating an environment in favour of holding simultaneous lok sabha and assembly polls , a bjp ally said after a meeting of the ruling alliance.
;;0.0;;pune: prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate projects in two higher education institutions in the city on sunday.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi also approved that the final mbbs examination should be held as a common examination throughout the country, and serve as an an exit test, to be called the national exit test (next).
;;0.0;;according to a rashtrapathi bhavan press release, the president directed that the work of the ministry of civil aviation be looked after by prime minister narendramodi .
;;-0.7717;;similarly, he said when prime minister narendramodi made a surprise visit to meet his counterpart nawaz sharif there was a terrorist attack on the pathankot air force base.
;;-0.4019;;earlier, after paying obeisance at the golden temple, mann said rs 17 per day cash support to poor farmers offered by prime minister narendramodi in the union budget was a mockery of farming community.
;;0.0;;the hospital building was inaugurated on november 21, 2006, by narendramodi who the chief minister of gujarat at the time.
;;0.6908;;coming down heavily on chief minister narendramodi , he said that modi should have postponed celebrating the kutch rann utsav and the money thus saved should have been used for those who were rendered homeless following demolition for the srfdp.
;;0.0;;patna/new delhi: bihar chief minister nitish kumar , who skipped a luncheon meeting convened by congress president sonia gandhi on friday, will be present in the capital on saturday for a lunch hosted by pm narendramodi for his mauritian counterpart pravind jugnauth.
;;0.4404;;after his re-election, nadda thanked prime minister narendramodi , bjp national president amit shah and the state congress.
;;-0.3802;;the congress party tried to malign the image of prime minister narendramodi over the rafale deal, but it didnt succeed, he said.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 19, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityimphal: prime minister narendramodi will lay foundation stones for flood lighting systems at khuman lampak sports complex here on january 4, chief minister n biren singh said on tuesday.
;;0.4019;;bengaluru: prime minister narendramodi on friday said india is now moving forward from women development to women-led development, and women first was the mantra of his government and the party.
;;0.5859;;addressing karnataka bjp mahila morcha karyakartas via the ' narendramodi app ', the prime minister asked them to win the may 12 karnataka assembly elections by concentrating on booths.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated the ic-iitp in july 2015.
;;0.3612;;kerjiwal's remarks come a few days after he assured prime minister narendramodi of his government's cooperation to develop delhi.
;;-0.0772;;india has denied trump's claim that prime minister narendramodi requested him to mediate between india and pakistan for resolving the kashmir issue.
;;-0.4767;;launching an attack on prime minister narendramodi , he said: making a hole in pocket of small businessmen and start-ups, modi government introduced a new tax overnight, called 'gabbar singh tax' (gst).
;;0.5994;;gabbard, 38, on thursday extended her warm welcome to prime minister narendramodi for his upcoming us visit beginning on saturday.
;;0.4939;;this new focus to fulfil the basic demands of the local people in a timebound manner comes after prime minister narendramodi in his mann ki baat address this july praised the j&k administrations back to village programme.
;;-0.597;;banerjee didnt hide her displeasure over prime minister narendramodi modis flagging off of the semi high-speed delhi-varanasi vande bharat express the day after the tragedy.
;;0.0258;;his name was proposed by prime minister narendramodi on the third day of lok sabha session and got the backing of all the nda allies.
;;-0.836;;they demanded prime minister narendramodi to take harsh steps to curb terrorists and later observed silence for two minutes.
;;-0.296;;bhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik on monday urged prime minister narendramodi to stop work of polavaram project , saying it would submerge many tribal villages and displace several primitive tribes people.
;;0.128;;launched in 2014 by prime minister narendramodi , the second phase of the financial inclusion scheme that seeks to provide a bank account to everyone ends in august.
;;0.0;;chandigarh: the vice-chancellor of panjab university , professor raj kumar, along with his delegation, on thursday attended 106th indian science congress, which was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi at jalandhar at the event, kumar invited three nobel laureates  german-american biochemist thomas sudoph; hungarian-born israeli biochemist avram hershko; and physicist frederick duncan michael haldane  to the university.
;;0.34;;the narendramodi government never compromises on the country's security.
;;-0.4939;;be it kashmir or the north-east, our government is determined to uproot terrorism because at the centre, we have the narendramodi government, not a congress government .
;;-0.8225;;hailing modi's stance which involves all kinds of responses to terror strikes, shah said: narendramodi has the strongest political will among global leaders to curb terrorism.
;;-0.9042;;co/fga3wskjbr  omar abdullah (@omarabdullah) 1525076204000srinagar: more than two weeks after prime minister narendramodi slammed the rape and murder of the eight-year-old girl in kathua resulting in the axing of two bjp ministers in the jammu and kashmir government, the newly inducted deputy cm of the party, kavinder gupta , courted controversy on monday by calling the crime chhoti si baat (minor issue).
;;-0.1027;;new delhi: india on thursday termed as unfortunate pakistan's denial of overflight clearance to prime minister narendramodi 's vvip plane for his upcoming visit to the us and hoped that islamabad will realise the folly of its actions.
;;0.6369;;things have improved a lot in the last few years as awareness has increased with prime minister narendramodi 's focus on ' beti bachao ' campaign.
;;-0.4215;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee wrote to prime minister narendramodi on friday protesting against the centre's unilateral decision to merge two public sector banks headquartered in the city without consulting the state government.
;;0.6705;;read morenew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday hoped the kartarpur corridor would act as a bridge between the people of india and pakistan that might lead to a better future.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 23, 2018prime minister narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4215;;noida/ghaziabad: nearly a year after prime minister narendramodi came to noida to inaugurate the botanical garden-kalindi kunj stretch on december 25, the up government is hoping to get the pm visit the city again.
;;0.3182;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on tuesday met prime minister narendramodi 's wife at the city airport before boarding her flight to new delhi and they exchanged pleasantries.
;;0.0;;santinketan: visva-bharati university, in a meeting of its court on monday, unanimously nominated prime minister narendramodi as the chancellor for the next three years.
;;-0.5994;;guntur/visakhapatnam: tdp legislator from hindupur and actor nandamuri balakrishna on sunday defended his comments against prime minister narendramodi , saying his remarks were only a reflection of anguish of the people of ap.
;;0.8625;;thiruvananthapuram: congress leader shashi tharoor , at the centre of a controversy for stating that prime minister narendramodi should be praised for doing the right things, on thursday said he was relieved the party accepted his explanation.
;;0.4019;;let the notification be announced, haribabu told toi on sunday at a meeting called by the party to listen to prime minister narendramodi modis 53rd mann ki baat.
;;0.0;;chief minister and mnf president zoramthanga had met prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh to convey his stand against the bill.
;;0.0;;there were speculations that rupani was called by the prime minister narendramodi for some political issues.
;;0.5719;;parrikar said he was happy that the new mandovi bridge, the foundation stone for which was laid by prime minister narendramodi on june 14,2014his first official function outside delhi after assuming the office of the pmgot completed within five years.
;;0.4939;;on the other hand, jd(s) president and former prime minister hd deve gowda told toi that he would meet prime minister narendramodi , and would raise the issue on the floor of the parliament.
;;0.3612;;addressing a press conference after prime minister narendramodi met trump here on the sidelines of the g20 summit , foreign secretary vijay gokhale said that india recognises the importance of the interface between trade and the digital economy.
;;-0.8225;;chayare, in a six-page suicide note purportedly written by him, had blamed prime minister narendramodi and others.
;;0.4019;;khan's remarks came shortly after prime minister narendramodi , during his meeting with us president donald trump on the sidelines of g-7 summit in france on monday, reiterated that kashmir is an internal matter of india, and new delhi and islamabad can resolve their issues bilaterally.
;;0.3818;;puducherry : prime minister narendramodi described auroville as a hub of innovation in the social, cultural, economic and educational fields.
;;-0.8462;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi said on thursday that the fight against terror should not be seen as a war against islam or muslims but against a mindset that promotes extremism and hatred.
;;0.5994;;this story is from october 29, 2018afp phototokyo: india is going through a massive transformative phase and international agencies say the country will drive the growth of the global economy in the coming decade, prime minister narendramodi said monday as he invited the indian community in japan to contribute actively in building a new india.
;;-0.1027;;talking to media persons after inspecting an underconstruction railway station building in nankana sahib on sunday, he warned india headed by prime minister narendramodi against provoking a nuclear power like pakistan.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi is acting like a dictator.
;;0.4019;;ayodhya: ahead of shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray's visit to ayodhya on sunday to offer prayers at the makeshift ram lalla temple, his party leader sanjay raut said the ram temple will be constructed under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.2617;;prime minister narendramodi was scheduled to arrive to pay his respects, but the trip was cancelled because of security reasons.
;;0.4019;;this story is from november 4, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityamaravati: having firmed up its ties with the congress two days ago, the ruling telugu desam party in andhra pradesh on saturday likened prime minister narendramodi to an anaconda who has been swallowing national institutions.
;;0.0;;dharamshala: the 105th edition of indian science congress (isc) in manipur made the headlines stating that the dalai lama was supposed to attend this event with prime minister narendramodi at its inaugural session on march 16 and that the tibetan spiritual leader was going to skip it.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was the chief guest of the main event on january 5, 2017.
;;0.6249;;gurugram: bjp has decided to organise a jan vikas rally on november 19 when prime minister narendramodi visits the city for the inauguration of the kundli-manesar-palwal expressway several senior bjp functionaries met in the city on saturday to discuss the event as the party plans to highlight the completion of the long-delayed expressway as a major achievement going into election year.
;;-0.9042;;malappuram: pothukal police on wednesday arrested a teenager for threatening to kill prime minister narendramodi , through a whatsapp post.
;;0.25;;senior congress leader digvijaya singh (file photo)bhopal: senior congress leader digvijaya singh on tuesday said prime minister narendramodi has dumped former pm atal bihari vajpayee 's famous policy on jammu and kashmir by scrapping the special status granted to the border state under article 370 of the constitution.
;;-0.5106;;' narendramodi had rejected atalji's policy totally, the former madhya pradesh chief minister said.
;;-0.2732;;washington: a lone donald trump aide insisted on tuesday that the president doesnt make up things when asked about the u.s presidents claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, even as officials on both sides sought to tide over the gaffe.
;;0.2732;;lucknow/ayodhya: from sita's 'maika' (maternal home) in janakpur - now in nepal - to her 'sasural' (in-laws' home) in ayodhya, the route for the bus flagged off by prime minister narendramodi in nepal on friday is repl ete with mythological significance.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh have expressed their condolences over the incident, and the centre has been thinking seriously to ensure the security of its jawans and avoid such incidents in future, the minister of state for home affairs said.
;;0.0;;after the bjp-led nda government came to power at the centre in 2014, prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency saw a slew of amenities and services, including sustained ghat makeover.
;;-0.5267;;earlier, three more bjp mps from uttar pradesh, all belonging to scheduled castes, had written letters to prime minister narendramodi expressing their unhappiness on the treatment of dalits in the country.
;;0.2023;;when narendramodi became the pm and made a statement that the bjp government will work for the welfare of the poor, dalits and obcs, it created hope in the heart of us all.
;;-0.25;;noida: a day ahead of the visit of prime minister narendramodi to noida for the inauguration of the magenta line of delhi metro from the botanical garden metro station, the noida golf course management has cancelled the christmas celebrations scheduled on december 25 due to unavoidable circumstances.
;;0.0772;;hyderabad: attempting to play down the increasing confrontation between the bjp and trs, which was reflected in chief minister k chandrasekhar rao 's criticism of prime minister narendramodi and the right-wing party taking umbrage to that, union defence minister nirmala sitaraman said on thursday that she has been informed by industries minister kt rama rao that his father's remarks against the pm was a 'slip of tongue'.
;;0.8779;;tirupati: it was here on this day in 2014 that you promised to do justice to the state after bifurcation, andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu babu reminded prime minister narendramodi in front of a huge throng of supporters who gathered at the tdp public meeting here on monday.
;;0.34;;he also played a video clip of the hindi speech of narendramodi given on april 30, 2014, which was translated into telugu by m venkaiah naidu.
;;0.0;;having risen from grassroots, thakur has worked with prime minister narendramodi during the latters stint as the bjp incharge for himachal pradesh.
;;0.4019;;ranchi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the nda government had shown, within the first 100 days of its second term, the will and determination to send the corrupt where they belong.
;;0.0;;and this is the situation in prime minister narendramodi 's constituency, he said.
;;0.7783;;sushma swaraj ji was one of her kind, who was a source of inspiration for crores of people, prime minister narendramodi said in a series of tweets.
;;0.4215;;washington: the trump administration wants prime minister narendramodi to lower the trade barriers and embrace fair and reciprocal trade, the us said tuesday as secretary of state mike pompeo reached new delhi for crucial talks with the new government.
;;0.4588;;these facts were mentioned by prime minister narendramodi in the welcome address after birla's installation on the coveted chair on june 19.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and shah are likely to be the key campaigners for bjp as the two leaders are scheduled to visit the poll-bound states even before the election schedule is announced.
;;0.0;;on the instructions of prime minister narendramodi , the state government had, in 2016, directed road contractors to mix plastic in tar on an experimental basis.
;;0.25;;the colossal structure, a vision of prime minister narendramodi , will be the worlds biggest cricket facility.
;;0.0258;;boatprime minister narendramodi is in wuhan for a two-day informal summit with chinese president xi jinping to discuss major bilateral and global matters.
;;-0.6597;;* indian prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping will seek to repair strained ties at a summit on april 27-28 after the 73-day long doklam dispute marred relations last year.
;;0.128;;he said prime minister narendramodi had last month launched a phase of ayushman bharat -national health protection scheme from bijapur district of bastar region.
;;0.6597;;the aiadmk, with both chief minister edappadi k palaniswami and deputy chief minister, o panneerselvam away at kanyakumari to receive prime minister narendramodi , who is on a visit to the areas ravaged by cyclone ockhi, adopted a mass parade of cadres, accompanied by drum beats and dancers, to draw support for party candidate e madhusudhanan.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi said india stands by the people of the island nation and that ships are being rushed with relief material.
;;0.0258;;new delhi: rajya sabha was adjourned till 2 pm on tuesday as the opposition created uproar and demanded that prime minister narendramodi make a statement on us president donald trump 's claim on the issue of kashmir mediation.
;;0.0;;the class x english paper examination held on monday reading portion had a passage on life sketch of prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0;;shimla: prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh, bjp president amit shah , former deputy prime minister l k advani and several union ministers and chief ministers are expected at the swearing-in ceremony of jai ram thakur as himachal pradesh chief minister at the historic ridge maidan today, officials said.
;;0.0;;nagpur: five years ago as wannabe prime minister narendramodi caused a splash at his chai pe charcha with farmers at dabhadi village in yavatmal district .
;;0.5994;;the music teacher is s v rao, better known as guitar rao, a civil engineer from andhra pradesh , who's on a mission to convince prime minister narendramodi to start a sangeet bharat campaign on the lines of swachh bharat.
;;0.4215;;rao came to delhi on march 12 this year hoping to meet pm narendramodi and urge him to start a sangeet bharat campaign.
;;0.5994;;new delhi: with an aim to boost india's economic engagements and to invite more investments, prime minister narendramodi will be undertaking a four-nation tour from may 29, starting with germany.
;;0.2263;;the complaint, submitted by homebuyer pramod kumar on behalf of others, sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention in wish town, where 25,000 buyers still await flats they were to get years earlier.
;;0.5106;;bengaluru: the congress on monday targeted prime minister narendramodi , who is launching his final leg of campaign in karnataka from tuesday, by demanding a probe against him by a sitting supreme court judge over his alleged role in irregularities in the rafale fighter aircraft deal with france.
;;0.4588;;co/sn2zecba2v  ani (@ani) 1513399280000guwahati: prime minister narendramodi formally dedicated the 60-mw tuirial hydro electric power project near kolasib in mizoram to the nation from aizawl on saturday.
;;0.0;;saamna flayed prime minister narendramodi for going on a tour of japan when the reputation of the cbi, rbi and the ed 'is in tatters.
;;0.0;;the shiv sena mouthpiece recalled that as gujarat cm narendramodi had appointed asthana as head of the investigating agency in the godhra case.
;;-0.4588;;amritsar: two days after constituting a sub-committee to review the controversial movie nanak shah fakir , the shiromani gurdwara parbandhak committee (sgpc) on saturday approached prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention to stop its release.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 22, 2019prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.802;;surat: a gujarati couple has earned praise from prime minister narendramodi for designing their wedding invitation card with a dedicated page justifying the nda government's decision to buy rafale fighter jets.
;;0.0;;the indian high commission in colombo said in a press release that after a request was received from lanka, pm narendramodi himself directed provision of necessary assistance.
;;-0.296;;my meetings with prime minister narendramodi , india's democratically elected leader, have been highlighted as 'proof' of this and portrayed as somehow being out of the ordinary or somehow suspect, even though president (barack) obama, secretary (hillary) clinton, president (donald) trump and many of my colleagues in congress have met with and worked with him, gabbard said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has invited turkish companies to invest in indian sectors such as railways, airports, tourism and housing.
;;-0.6705;;his six-page suicide note holds prime minister narendramodi responsible for his suicide, and asks union minister hansraj ahir , chief minister devendra fadnavis , bjp mla raju todsam and some others to take care of his family.
;;-0.9313;;chayares suicide note blamed prime minister narendramodi for his plight, which forced him to commit suicide.
;;0.0;;noida: nearly 5,000 police personnel will be deployed for prime minister narendramodi modis visit to inaugurate the magenta line on monday.
;;0.0;;owaisi also took a jibe at prime minister narendramodi , saying the latter went to pakistan to attend then pakistan pm nawaz sharifs daughters wedding.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi met his counterpart in pakistan when there was a wedding.
;;-0.7003;;he said that the ldf government, while criticizing prime minister narendramodi , failed to implement several pro-people initiatives of the centre.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 3, 2019prime minister narendramodi (pti, file pic)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.1531;;it is to be mentioned that in 2016, 'operation vayu shakti' was organsied in this range which was attended by president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi along with many other dignitaries from india and abroad.
;;0.0;;argentina's president mauricio macri (l) arrives with prime minister narendramodi before a meeting in new del.
;;0.4854;;the original deadline to start bullet train service was set for 2023, but was later advanced by a year to august 15, 2022, by prime minister narendramodi to mark 75 years of independence.
;;-0.1416;;launching an aggressive attack on prime minister narendramodi , owaisi declared that he was not afraid of death.
;;-0.4767;;panaji: the fake news circular that came in for much criticism from the media fraternity and was withdrawn less than 24 hours later by prime minister narendramodi at least had one hard truth, according to minister of state for information and broadcasting rajyavardhan rathore the media has created a myth that the prime minister is the whole and sole in-charge.
;;0.6249;;singapore: prime minister narendramodi today met his singaporean counterpart lee hsien loong and discussed ways to enhance bilateral cooperation in areas like trade and investment, connectivity, innovation and technology.
;;0.0;;she met prime minister narendramodi on wednesday and raised the issue of renaming the state.
;;0.0;;meher has woven five of his favourite quotes of prime minister narendramodi on a wall piece along with a woven picture of the pm.
;;0.0;;in that context, i will say that prime minister narendramodi is also a brahmin.
;;0.0;;the issue was also raised at prime minister narendramodi modis public rally before his arrival by bjp candidate anil benake of belagavi (north) constituency and mla sanjay patil of belagavi (rural) segment.
;;0.4019;;lucknow/ gorakhpur: indicating that prime minister narendramodi will contest the coming lok sabha elections from uttar pradesh , bjp national president amit shah called upon the party cadres in the state to go to each and every village to convey pm's message.
;;0.128;;pm modi is in bahrain in the first ever visit by an indian prime minister (ap)manama (bahrain): prime minister narendramodi on sunday launched the $4.
;;0.2023;;vijayawada: on the eve of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to guntur, tdp and left parties staged protests across the state.
;;-0.8176;;co/b3drb9qfso  nusrat (@nusratchirps) 1563978497000new delhi: tmc mp nusrat jahan has written an open letter hailing the 49 eminent personalities who wrote to prime minister narendramodi about alleged rise in hate crimes in the country over the past few years, and said minority communities were facing horrendous acts of mobocracy.
;;0.0;;66 crore users of non-subsidised cooking gas including those who gave up subsidy on call by prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.4019;;dca is one of the three agencies along with the special forces and space to be set up as per the clearance given by prime minister narendramodi during the combined commanders' conference in jodhpur last year.
;;0.0;;shriver's letter was read out during the event and presented to the chief minister narendramodi by the organization's indian representative air marshal d keelor on friday.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday had approved the proposal.
;;0.7096;;porvorim: prime minister narendramodi has already instructed the ministers concerned from his cabinet to come out with a solution to goas mining issue and we are optimistic of a solution to the mining issue coming by february 15, said union minister for ayush shripad naik on sunday.
;;0.2732;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will make his maiden appearance at davos , the alpine ski resort where the worlds top ceos and a large number of heads of government gather for the annual meeting of the world economic forum in january.
;;0.0;;onboard vande bharat express: prime minister narendramodi flagged off the countrys first indigenous engine-less semi-high speed train vande bharat express (t 18) from new delhi railway station on friday.
;;0.0;;after all, assembly polls in prime minister narendramodi modis home state have been the flavour of the season.
;;0.128;;pmuy was launched by prime minister narendramodi on may 1, 2016 with an aim to providing lpg connections to those who are still dependent on wood or coal for cooking their food.
;;0.0;;a ceremony has been planned at school of artillery at deolali near nashik in february, which is expected to be attended by prime minister narendramodi , sources said.
;;0.0;;a ceremony has been planned at school of artillery deolali near nashik in february, which is expected to be attended by prime narendramodi , said sources.
;;-0.5106;;the hyderabad mp also took a jibe at prime minister narendramodi , who had described the attack as a diplomatic, political and intelligence failure.
;;0.296;;new zealand is committed to working with nsg members to reach a decision as soon as possible, a joint statement by prime minister narendramodi and his kiwi counterpart john key said after the latter's visit to new delhi in october last year.
;;-0.3818;;ahmedabad: counting of votes started on monday morning for the high-stakes gujarat assembly polls, considered a prestige battle for prime minister narendramodi in his home state and a litmus test for new congress president rahul gandhi.
;;0.0;;coimbatore: a day ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to tirupur, state bjp president tamilisai soundararajan said the whole of tamil nadu is looking forward to the occasion.
;;0.5859;;varanasi : prime minister narendramodi will visit sant ravidas temple in the city on tuesday and gift a project worth rs 90.
;;-0.5106;;vadodara: prime minister narendramodi modis brother prahlad modi on sunday threatened to fight against the government in lok sabha polls this year if the demands of fair price shops dealers association (fpsda) are not met.
;;0.4019;;if someone has got anything from narendramodi , it is due to organizations power, prahlad, who is an active bjp member, said.
;;0.3818;;i want to ask prime minister narendramodi , what happened to the promise of full statehood that you made before the assembly elections?
;;0.1531;;now, farmers are tired seeking justice, he said, adding that farmers had sought attention of prime minister narendramodi in the matter now.
;;0.0516;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi had claimed that no government has done more for dalits that bjp while up government said that 25 district magistrates and seven divisional commissioners are from sc or obc categories, making up 33  and 39  of the total posts, respectively.
;;0.2028;;party stalwart narasingha mishra said: the falling victory margin of bjp in prime minister narendramodi modis home state shows that people are not happy with the party or the pm.
;;-0.6652;;the congress leaders took pot shot at the prime minister narendramodi who addressed a meeting at the vidhyadhar nagar stadium but failed to visit the samadhi which was very close to the venue.
;;0.0;;kathmandu: prime minister narendramodi today prayed at nepal's iconic muktinath temple that is regarded sacred by both hindus and buddhists, becoming the first world leader to offer prayers there.
;;0.0;;he said the company which was part of the deal was registered a few days before prime minister narendramodi modis tour of france on april 10, 2015.
;;0.0557;;prime minister narendramodi was the star guest at the reception and due to protocol and high security, priyanka and nick didnt accept gifts from anyone except flowers.
;;-0.6705;;varanasi/new delhi: in what appeared to be a dig at the opposition, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked people to give the right punishment at the right time to those who mocked the countrys first semi high-speed train, vande bharat express , and the governments make in india programme.
;;0.0;;however, neither prime minister narendramodi nor bjp chief amit shah did anything for our community, sahni said.
;;0.5719;;wearing a defence cap and medical appendage attached, parrikar, 63, charged up the audience when he asked them how is the josh, a popular dialogue from bollywood film uri the surgical strike, which has become popular with many politicians including prime minister narendramodi how's the josh?
;;-0.7269;;the rally at ramlila maidan had just begun to disperse after rahul's 30-minute-long bitter attack on prime minister narendramodi when the congress chief returned to the mic to seek permission of workers for a leave of 10-15 days.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi addressing the 14th conference of parties cop 14 united nations convention to com.
;;-0.4215;;bengaluru: in a strong rebuttal to prime minister narendramodi , who recently questioned the state of bengalurus infrastructure, congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday said that doubting the state capitals development is an insult to the city and its maker kempegowda.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday wished congress leader sonia gandhi on her birthday.
;;-0.5719;;tnnnew delhi: in a fresh assault on the government's recent surveillance order, the congress on monday accused prime minister narendramodi of being a 'peeping tom' who is systematically converting india into a 'nanny state'.
;;0.0;;he added that he has already submitted a letter to prime minister narendramodi stating that the state unit opposes the move.
;;-0.0258;;ahmedabad: it looks like a tech-heavy fight against chief minister narendramodi in gujarat as four iitians are lined-up against him.
;;0.0;;pm modi (file photo)new delhi: gifts given to prime minister narendramodi are set to be auctioned online beginning september 14 with proceeds going towards the namami gange project, union culture minister prahlad singh patel said on wednesday.
;;-0.4939;;demonstrators demanded that the indian government and prime minister narendramodi break silence over the ongoing conflict in syria.
;;0.3612;;new delhi: in what could spell fresh trouble for the proposed teesta water sharing pact between india and bangladesh, west bengal cm and trinamool congress chief mamata banerjee pointed out to prime minister narendramodi on thursday the problems the state faces for sharing river waters with the neighbouring country.
;;0.7003;;security for pms visitmeanwhile, an spg team visited thrissur on thursday for conducting advanced security liaison (asl) in connection with the visit of prime minister narendramodi on sunday.
;;0.0;;the bjp is seeking votes in the name of pakistan , but it has not allowed prime minister narendramodi to fly in its airspace.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 4, 2019(from left to right) prime minister narendramodi and tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami.
;;-0.7845;;new delhi: the opposition hit back at prime minister narendramodi on wednesday for his remarks that the mention of the word 'cow' raises hackles of some people, saying he should talk about the economy instead and be alarmed when people are killed in the name of cow.
;;0.6249;;the research institute, inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi last year, recently bagged a $2 million grant from google under its ai impact challenge for its pest management solution.
;;-0.6249;;new delhi: amid renewed pressure on the dalit front, prime minister narendramodi would seek to blunt the criticism with another commemoration of the community's tallest icon b r ambedkar.
;;0.5106;;during his visit, singh will also call on the japanese prime minister shinzo abe india and japan have developed strong ties over the last five years and there is also a personal bonding between prime minister narendramodi and his japanese counterpart.
;;0.3818;;nripendra misra (file photo)new delhi: nripendra misra , principal secretary to prime minister narendramodi , has stepped down and will be relieved from his responsibilities in two weeks.
;;-0.7819;;the last meeting would be held in amaravati , when tdp would bring all its ranks to the capital to expose how prime minister narendramodi had betrayed the state by not extending financial support to build the capital city.
;;0.0;;varanasi: prime minister narendramodi will open irri south asia regional centre (isarc)  the first educational and training hub of the international rice research institute (irri) outside philippines  on the premises of national seed research and training centre (nsrtc) here on december 29.
;;-0.3612;;he termed the resolution about rajiv gandhi a suicidal move, because it has been moved at a time when talks are on to form a grand alliance against prime minister narendramodi .
;;-0.7096;;new delhi: in a country that loses a quarter of its electricity to theft, prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency  varanasi  has shown a way out by pushing distribution cables underground and deploying technology to track illegal connections.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi is likely to address the nation on thursday during which he is expected to explain government's decisions on abrogating special status to jammu and kashmir and splitting the state into two union territories, sources have said.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi , who had come to pune at the beginning of the year for the groundbreaking ceremony of the third phase of the metro project  from hinjewadi to shivajinagar  had urged officials to ensure the project became operational by the end of the year.
;;-0.2235;;to a pointed query, he said, if left to prime minister narendramodi , he would never allow shivraj singh chouhan to become the cm of mp as modi would not want a competitor.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: prime minister narendramodi is likely to host in gujarat israel pm benjamin netanyahu and an israeli delegation during uttarayan on january 13-14 next year.
;;0.6249;;pm narendramodi had visited israel this year during july and was warmly welcomed.
;;-0.296;;the accused officer has been nabbed 12 days before prime minister narendramodi is set to officially launch international air service from the city airport.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is the bjp candidate from varanasi parliamentary seat where voting will be held on may 19.
;;-0.0;;new delhi: about 70  houses sanctioned under the pm awas yojana pmay ) for the poor are in the name of women, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday while linking his government's flagship programme to the dignity of people.
;;0.0;;outside the glass cabin of the control room was prime minister narendramodi .
;;-0.296;;kanyakumari: prime minister narendramodi will spend an hour in cyclone ockhi-hit kanyakumari district in tamil nadu on tuesday afternoon, interacting with family members of some missing fishermen, farmers and officials.
;;-0.5704;;speaking about their venture, manisha said most of the institutes have always been collecting fees mostly in cash but the government's demonetisation move last november, announced by prime minister narendramodi , made the cash collection very difficult.
;;0.4404;;asking prime minister narendramodi to uphold the law and the constitution, the opposition party hoped that 25 years after demolition of the structure, justice would be done and the guilty would be punished.
;;0.2732;;co/d8of78kevb  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1566813292000biarritz: prime minister narendramodi on monday highlighted india's large scale efforts towards eliminating single use plastic, conserving water, harnessing solar energy and, protecting flora and fauna for a sustainable future in his address to a g7 session on environment here.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo)kalyan: prime minister narendramodi is likely to perform bhoomi pujan (ground breaking ceremony) of mumbai metropolitan region development authority's (mmrda) proposed 25km kalyan-taloja metro route during his visit on september 7 in mumbai.
;;-0.6801;;karamjit singh, a resident of gulmohar trends society , said after prime minister narendramodi said that any kind of grievance can be submitted on the mann ki baat portal, a complaint was made there too.
;;-0.3612;;on sunday, chief minister narendramodi , while inaugurating the sand stone murals along the boundary wall of kankaria lake, called upon historians from the city to spend at least two hours at the site to point out mistakes.
;;0.5719;;ahmedabad: the state government has been sued for rs 10 crore in a local court one week after it launched the ahmedabad shopping festival amid fanfare, with even prime minister narendramodi pitching for the event.
;;0.0;;the village, with a little over 400 households, came into the national limelight after prime minister narendramodi mentioned it in a recent 'mann ki baat' speech.
;;0.3182;;agra: hitting out at congress , prime minister narendramodi said that the party uses lies for political gains and it is seasonal.
;;0.836;;beijing: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday greeted chinese people on their new year and wished them a happy and prosperous 'year of the pig.
;;0.2263;;ahmedabad: obc leader alpesh thakor , who is contesting from radhanpur seat on a congress ticket , is seen in a video alleging that prime minister narendramodi has become fairer because he eats imported mushrooms worth rs 4 lakh every day.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister narendramodi would visit motihari on april 10 to preside over a swachh bharat mission (sbm) gramin programme.
;;-0.3182;;bhopal: the madhya pradesh police is apparently on a desperate hunt for 100 'clean' policemen to be deployed for prime minister narendramodi 's gwalior's visit.
;;0.8271;;however, now i am hopeful that the process would be put on the right path and fast-tracked as there is a strong and committed government under prime minister narendramodi that can act against all wrongdoers decisively, shah said.
;;0.25;;the home minister recalled that prime minister narendramodi , in his second term, created a separate ministry for jal shakti.
;;0.2263;;bhubaneswar: prime minister narendramodi will visit balangir on january 15 and unveil a basket of central government projects in odisha worth rs 1,545 crore.
;;0.0;;if the initiative is from the pmo, then we should consider that it is from prime minister narendramodi himself.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister narendramodi will address over 20,000 swachhagrahis from across the country at motihari gandhi maidan on april 10.
;;-0.1531;;thiruvananthapuram: prime minister narendramodi will undertake a whirlwind tour of the areas affected by cyclone ockhi on tuesday.
;;-0.296;;guwahati: the congress in assam on wednesday accused prime minister narendramodi of diverting the attention of the people from the economic slowdown by bringing up issues such as article 370 , triple talaq and ram mandir.
;;-0.3818;;there are signs of severe slowdown in the indian economy under the narendramodi government, state congress president ripun bora told a press conference here.
;;-0.1531;;several such pakistani women had held a protest demonstration here last month and appealed to prime minister narendramodi and his pakistani counterpart imran khan to provide them travel documents or even spouse papers so that they can go to pakistan and come back to j&k.
;;0.4019;;this story is from january 28, 2019several political parties and outfits staged black flag demonstrations against prime minister narendramodi in.
;;0.4019;;madurai: several political parties and outfits staged black flag demonstrations against prime minister narendramodi in madurai on sunday.
;;0.7096;;while bjp state president b s yeddyurappa termed siddaramaiah as baccha (child) when compared to prime minister narendramodi modis political astuteness, union minister for parliammentary affairs and chemicals and fertilisers h n ananth kumar questioned the cms integrity by alleging that the latter's dreams of the colourful sex scandal of former excise minister h y meti you claim bjp is a jail and bail party, but remember you misused the acb and cid to get a clean chit in firs lodged against you.
;;-0.743;;yeddyurappa, on cms comments of modi being savages of siddaramaiah said, cm siddaramaiah speaks of pm narendramodi being scared of you, you are a baccha (kid) in front of him.
;;-0.5574;;hanumangarh: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday accused the congress of making the mistake of letting kartarpur sahib - the final resting place of guru nanak dev - go to pakistan during partition due to its scramble for power post-independence.
;;-0.5267;;some men hurled stones at his house, denting the huge posters of the actor and those of prime minister narendramodi during the course of protest, a scuffle broke out between the protesters and the police.
;;-0.8591;;while the congress chief launched an offensive against prime minister narendramodi over farm loan waivers questioning his inaction for four-and-a-half years and threatening that the opposition would not let him sleep at night unless he provided a loan amnesty, the aggression was marred by the controversy triggered by naths comments.
;;0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi had approved of her application on november 15, after the state government recommended the same.
;;-0.5267;;noida: residents under rajputana vikas sangathan (rvs) noida wing along with the rwa federation met city magistrate mahendra kumar singh on tuesday and handed a letter addressed to prime minister narendramodi as well as president ram nath kovind demanding a ban on caste-based reservation.
;;0.0;;the governor, who visited new delhi early this week, met prime minister narendramodi on august 20 and union home minister amit shah on august 21.
;;0.128;;the governments move to set up the sub-committee under kataria is seen as one to engage the farmers before prime minister narendramodi modis visit to shekhawati region, the hot bed of farmers protests.
;;0.6476;;jammu: prime minister narendramodi told me to make jammu and kashmir so prosperous that the people of pakistan occupied kashmir ( pok ) would want to come and settle here, governor satya pal malik said on saturday.
;;0.0;;cm yogi announced that 21 more such bus stations will be constructed in ppp mode across the state, including in prime minister narendramodi modis constituency varanasi, three in agra and two more in lucknow at vibhutikhand and charbagh.
;;0.5719;;jaipur: prime minister narendramodi is likely to visit rajasthan on january 14 to lay the foundation stone for rs 43,129-crore barmer refinery, and later in the month he would visit jhunjhunu , which has won recognition under the beti bachao, beti padhao programme.
;;-0.8689;;coimbatore: dalit activist and gujarat mla jignesh mevani slammed prime minister narendramodi for his silence over the brutal murder of rajalakshmi, who was beheaded by a youth in salem.
;;0.5423;;washington: the then us president barack obama used his african-american card to win over prime minister narendramodi during the last phase of negotiations at the paris summit in late 2015, where india was the last holdout as its officials were the toughest negotiators, says a book on his presidency.
;;-0.1265;;asserting that digvijay singh is not scared of alleged attacks by prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah, agarwal said, digvijay singh-led government was in power in the state for 10 years and bjp for 15 years.
;;0.2753;;prime minister narendramodi and amit shah kept attacking him but singh was not scared.
;;0.4767;;bengaluru: in a relief to karnataka cadre ias officer mohammed mohsin , the central administrative tribunal (cat), bengaluru bench , on monday passed another interim order in relation to the controversy surrounding the search of prime minister narendramodi modis helicopter at sambalpur in odisha on april 16.
;;0.4767;;the ambitious gaganyaan mission was announced by prime minister narendramodi during his independence day speech in 2018.
;;0.1779;;imphal: at a time when security has been beefed up in imphal ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit on january 4, a joint security team on saturday night arrested two men with two automatic arms, including an m-16 rifle, in the city.
;;0.0;;he added that he has already submitted a letter to prime minister narendramodi stating that the state unit opposes the move.
;;0.0;;here, which will be addressed by prime minister narendramodi on september 22 during his visit to the us for the un general assembly session, organisers of the event said.
;;0.3818;;amaravati: andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu on tuesday challenged prime minister narendramodi for a debate on what benefit the country got under the latter's rule.
;;0.7269;;earlier in the day, prime minister narendramodi said hardworking fraternity of chartered accountants has been furthering the culture of honesty and better corporate governance in the society.
;;0.296;;of the 90 constituencies in haryana, khattar has covered 52 constituencies so far and will conclude the yatra in rohtak on september 8 where prime minister narendramodi is likely to join him.
;;-0.4939;;thrissur: prime minister narendramodi on sunday informally set in motion the lok sabha poll campaign of nda in the state by making a scathing attack on the congress and the left, saying that they were united only to undermine institutions, to engage in corruption and to attack him.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will host nine back-to-back bilateral meetings with asean leaders starting wednesday and in the run up to the unprecedented presence of as many as 10 heads of state and government at the republic day parade.
;;0.0;;ahmedabad: congress vicepresident rahul gandhi on sunday said that prime minister narendramodi modis face says that the congress is coming to power in gujarat in 2017.
;;0.0;;his name cropped up in one of three letters that surfaced after an alleged plot by maoists to eliminate prime minister narendramodi was revealed.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is chairing the meeting.
;;0.2023;;bhubaneswar: an assembly panel led by speaker p k amat on friday decided to seek appointment of prime minister narendramodi once again demanding hike in the minimum support price (msp) of paddy.
;;0.4404;;she was also trolled recently for her tweets addressed to prime minister narendramodi about making the country safe for women.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , who belongs to backward caste, gave 10  reservation to the upper caste.
;;0.4019;;jaipur: twenty-two-year-old anju raman, third-year ba student at maharani college , has written to prime minister narendramodi seeking help as her family has been evicted from the house.
;;0.6124;;regarding the controversy with regards to inviting prime minister narendramodi for inaugurating kochi metro , he said inauguration is a matter of propriety and he does not believe in trying to grab such opportunities.
;;0.1531;;the government on monday declared its intent to secure early passage of the controversial triple talaq bill, with prime minister narendramodi identifying it as one of his priorities for the budget session.
;;0.2732;;the construction of the flats in maloya had begun in june 2014 at a cost of rs 250 crore and prime minister narendramodi was to hand over the flat keys to the allottees in may last year, but he could not as the project was incomplete.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi modis first budget since sweeping to victory in the recent national election has sought to boost investments while continuing his governments focus on social sector spending.
;;0.8807;;prime minister narendramodi in a special message said that observing the vaisakhi festival abroad is a glowing sign of the traditions and the values that the sikh community continues to cherish.
;;0.34;;vadodara: a thick security blanket has been thrown around narmada district as prime minister narendramodi on wednesday unveiled the statue of unity at kevadiya colony.
;;-0.4215;;kolkata: on a day the state bjp marches to lalbazar protesting against the deteriorating law and order situation in bengal, chief minister mamata banerjee will call on prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on the demands of the state.
;;0.34;;sco summit +modi will hold bilateral meetings +excited to lead delegation for india's first-ever sco summit as a full member, says pm modi ahead of the two-day shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit beginning tomorrow in china, prime minister narendramodi on friday said he was excited to lead the indian delegation for the grouping's first-ever meeting with the country as a full member.
;;-0.4019;;the crew, in a letter earlier, to prime minister narendramodi and the external affairs ministry had alleged corruption by the indonesian navy and that they had been detained against the rules.
;;0.6808;;apart from campaign videos of jayalalithaa and former dmk leader m karunanidhi speaking in favour of the bjp, the saffron party has circulated videos of dmk leaders m k stalin and kanimozhi speaking to prime minister narendramodi when he visited an ailing karunanidhi at his gopalapuram residence in november 2017.
;;0.872;;dave, a former banker, a classical singer, freedom fighter and karmakandi brahmin, considers prime minister narendramodi a great leader to be born in the country after mahatma gandhi.
;;0.6249;;asked about the present political situation in the country and gujarat, dave said, after mahatma gandhi, i consider narendramodi a great leader.
;;0.8225;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi in his mann ki baat on sunday shared stories of ordinary men and women who had made extraordinary contributions to society, and who were honoured with padma awards this year.
;;0.4939;;dc phulia said prime minister narendramodi and chief minister manohar lal khattar have worked for the water conservation campaign to save water and rain water in the country and the state.
;;0.0;;thiruvananthapuram: prime minister narendramodi , who will visit the cyclone-affected areas on tuesday, has revised his itinerary buy including poonthura region in the state capital.
;;-0.3412;;file photonew delhi: congress leader rahul gandhi on wednesday took a swipe at prime minister narendramodi over the state of the economy, saying it seems that it is not too good.
;;-0.0516;;on monday, jethmalani had dragged in the name of prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.6486;;nashik: prime minister narendramodi on thursday said that his government will make efforts to ensure there is access to clean drinking water in each and every household across the country in an apparent reference to the jal jeevan mission.
;;0.0;;new delhi: president pranab mukherjee , vice president hamid ansari and finance minister arun jaitley raised a toast to prime minister narendramodi 's communication skills at the launch of two books on friday to mark the third anniversary of the bjp government at the centre.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday called for a bipartisan approach to the functioning of parliamentary committees, saying they could help develop consensus on issues that went beyond political score settling.
;;0.0;;when it was pm narendramodi modis turn to speak during the pre-budget meeting of political leaders, he noted that since cpis d raja had expressed his views just before him, it was the turn of praja (citizens) to speak after raja.
;;0.4215;;he also criticized prime minister narendramodi for sharing the stage with tainted political figures like bs yeddyurappa and janardhana reddy, on his visit to the state.
;;0.5719;;chandigarh: a delegation of the shiromani akali dal (sad) on friday met prime minister narendramodi to urge him to set up a national committee under his own chairmanship for celebrating 550th birth anniversary of guru nanak dev as a major national and global event.
;;0.2263;;outside the glass cabin of the control room, prime minister narendramodi was sitting and keeping an eye on the events, excitement and tension in the control room.
;;0.0;;nagpur: prime minister narendramodi is landing here on saturday morning and will be spending the day in maharashtra.
;;-0.4939;;new delhi: a day after prime minister narendramodi said in an interview that there were no allegations against him personally in the rafale deal, congress president rahul gandhi said this is not the case and emphasised that it was the pm alone who needs to answer questions about the deal.
;;-0.9831;;they also severely criticised prime minister narendramodi and up chief minister yogi adityanath stating that both being bachelors, fail to understand the anguish of the fathers of the rape victims and questioned the delay in arresting the up bjp mla kuldeep singh sengar , the main accused in the unnao rape case.
;;-0.6369;;thiruvananthapuram: the believers under the latin community and the catholic council will stage a protest before raj bhavan on monday seeking a visit by prime minister narendramodi to the cyclone-hit areas and also demanding a central package for the rehabilitation of the fishermen who have lost their source of living in the cyclone.
;;0.2732;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the first hindu temple in abu dhabi during his visit to west asia from february 9-12 when he will visit palestine as well.
;;0.128;;talking to reporters here on wednesday to give as assessment of the work done under the regime of prime minister narendramodi and yogi government for development of varanasi, tandon said, in the regimes of modi and yogi, development projects and social welfare work of rs 2,2949 crores have been launched.
;;0.0;;co/4knpsycrhn  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1567140449000new delhi: there must be enough civility in public life for differing streams to be able to hear each others point of view, prime minister narendramodi said on friday.
;;0.0;;chamarajanagar: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday dared aicc chief rahul gandhi to speak about the achievements of karnataka government for 15 minutes without reading from any piece of paper.
;;-0.128;;the party alleged him of insulting prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;mysore: jd(s) leader hd kumaraswamy on thursday said that the presence of prime minister narendramodi at the indian space research organisation (isro) headquarters in bengaluru during the launch of chandrayaan-2 was an advertisement gimmick.
;;0.128;;vadodara: congress vice-president rahul gandhi launched a tirade against prime minister narendramodi dubbing him as a magician who is only resorting to gimmicks instead of talking about the future of gujarat.
;;0.4404;;6  in the first three years of prime minister narendramodi modis government which was better than the 7.
;;0.0;;varanasi/new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will visit his parliamentary constituency varanasi saturday to launch the bjp's countrywide membership drive.
;;0.5267;;chennai: emphasising the need for a hotline between the heads of india and china to sort out bilateral issues, particularly the stand-off along the border, defence minister nirmala sitharaman on friday said prime minister narendramodi modis recent china visit for informal talks with his counterpart would benefit india immensely.
;;0.0;;chennai: with cyclone gaja rendering nearly four lakh people homeless, chief minister edappadi k palaniswami left for new delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi on thursday morning and seek central assistance of nearly 15,000 crore.
;;0.3595;;washington: senior democratic congressman steny hoyer would join prime minister narendramodi and president donald trump for the howdy, modi!
;;-0.5106;;the centre, while refuting all the allegations, said that the politician, a close aide of gujarat chief minister narendramodi , has failed to produce any evidence to substantiate the claim.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi , had on october 31, inaugurated an imposing 182-metre statue of sardar vallabhbhai patel, the country's first home minister, in gujarat.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was chief minister of the state then.
;;0.0;;the foundation for patna metro rail project was laid by prime minister narendramodi through remote control at mokama on february 17.
;;0.0;;he also said that prime minister narendramodi 's slogan of 'beti bachao, beti padhao' does not have any substance in it.
;;-0.5994;;as a part of the stir they will stage a sit-in and hold a public meeting in front of police stations to expose the failure of police and will also obstruct prime minister narendramodi 's movement in his parliamentary constituency during his next visit.
;;0.4939;;pune: after ruling the skies during makar sankranti festival, prime minister narendramodi modis likeness is set to hit the ground splashing.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi graced the occasion and gave away cash prizes to the participants.
;;-0.4404;;congress workers will burn the effigy of prime minister narendramodi for increasing the financial burden on common man, said kachriyawas.
;;-0.8074;;new delhi/kolkata: prime minister narendramodi launched a scathing attack on tuesday at the mamata banerjee government describing mondays blood-soaked panchayat polls as murder of democracy.
;;0.4767;;vichar, however, insists he was impressed with prime minister narendramodi modis three-hour visit to the site in june 2018 when he announced more than rs 400 crore projects, including a museum-cum library, four-lane road and sound-and-light show at maghar.
;;0.4019;;shah said that prime minister narendramodi has asked aicc president rahul gandhi to step aside and make someone else the leader of the party.
;;0.0;;guterres met prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the g7 summit last month in biarritz, france and has also spoken to pakistan's foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi, un chief's spokesperson stephane dujarric said at a daily press briefing here on tuesday.
;;0.0;;mumbai: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday paid glowing tributes to the late r k laxman, the well-known cartoonist who worked with the times of india for over six decades, saying his 'common man' was timeless and pan-indian, one all generations of people could identify with.
;;-0.5499;;devegowda told reporters that unlike state leaders of the bjp, prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah have the power to topple the government, but have no desire to engineer a collapse.
;;0.0;;as part of rsss objective to fully back prime minister narendramodi modis re-election in the lok sabha elections, a less intensive ghar-ghar modi drive started earlier this month focussing essentially on the ram temple issue .
;;0.9042;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will be honoured with the prestigious 'global goalkeeper award' next week by the bill and melinda gates foundation for his leadership and commitment to improve access to sanitation in india.
;;-0.0772;;ahmedabad: union home minister amit shah said here on wednesday that prime minister narendramodi made the poor people repose their faith in the country's democratic system.
;;-0.5267;;earlier, three more bjp mps from uttar pradesh, all belonging to scheduled castes, had written letters to prime minister narendramodi expressing their unhappiness on the treatment of dalits in the country.
;;0.2023;;when narendramodi became the pm and made a statement that the bjp government will work for the welfare of the poor, dalits and obcs, it created hope us.
;;0.6124;;co/2ssbhvfh4r  ani (@ani) 1521089521000new delhi: andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu today alleged that prime minister narendramodi is using the same tactics he adopted in tamil nadu when he had supported the ops faction against the eps in the fued between the two factions of the aiadmk party, by pitting ysr's jagan mohan reddy and jana sena's pawan kalyan against him.
;;0.0;;he also said india was moving towards becoming a 5-trillion economy as envisioned by prime minister narendramodi .
;;-0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi is absolutely right when he urges muslims to keep the raging debate over triple talaq away from politics.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi visiting kumbh and cleaning feet of five safai karmis to give them respect is also a watchmans job.
;;-0.5994;;he pointed out that the bjp, to which gadkari belongs, and prime minister narendramodi lose no opportunity to speak ill of the gandhi-nehru dynasty.
;;-0.9337;;new delhi: a group of 637 academics from india and abroad have come out in solidarity with the 49 retired civil servants who recently expressed their outrage at the kathua and unnao rape incidents blaming prime minister narendramodi for belatedly speaking up on the issue and claiming his dispensation wasnt doing enough to stop the pattern of repeated targeted attacks on minority religious communities, dalits, tribals and women.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated the ambitious pumping station in bhachau, which is used to pump water into the canal.
;;-0.0258;;earlier in the week, prime minister narendramodi had articulated his government's intent to reduce the number of goods in the top bracket, saying that 99  of the items will be in the 18  or lower slab.
;;-0.7717;;new delhi: as delhi continues to battle the soaring heatwave , chief minister arvind kejriwal on tuesday requested prime minister narendramodi to intervene to end the current coal crisis that has led to a reduced generation of thermal power for delhi.
;;0.128;;co/wvutgonwq8  arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) 1523171387000new delhi: telugu desam party (tdp) parliamentarians were today detained by police when they tried to protest near prime minister narendramodi 's residence at 7 lok kalyan marg here demanding special category status for andhra pradesh the decision to protest was taken after the party mps held meeting at rajya sabha member and former union minister y s chowdary's residence in the morning to decide future course of action.
;;0.0;;taking a jibe at prime minister narendramodi modis recent speech in parliament, pawar said, the prime minister normally addresses the parliament during the last session.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: the gujarat bjp has organised a listening session of prime minister narendramodi 's radio programme 'mann ki baat' on may 28 at 48,000 election booths across the state where the bjp workers will gather and listen to the pm's speech on radio.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , who is scheduled to visit south gujarat for inaugurating dandi memorial at dandi village on january 30, will be flagging off the maiden international flight from surat to sharjah.
;;0.3182;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday held a telephonic conversation with ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky and vowed to strengthen bilateral ties.
;;-0.9081;;rajkot: former prime minister manmohan singh on thursday attacked prime minister narendramodi on demonetization calling it a disastrous move for the economy and demanded that all documents and files related to the note ban move be made public and available for scrutiny of the parliamentary committee.
;;0.6705;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday released a commemorative coin with face value of rs 100 ahead of the birth anniversary of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee the coin, prime minister narendramodi said, is a small effort to show the governments respect to the former prime minister, whose life is a message for all of us.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi showed himself up to the mark with popular online games, when he asked a mother concerned over the time her son spent on the net, asking pubg wala hain kya?
;;0.1027;;india and russia signed a $5 billion s-400 air defence system deal in october last year after wide-ranging talks between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;the bill on fixing msp by adding on 50  of the cost of production was part of prime minister narendramodi modis poll agenda itself.
;;0.0;;co/veybkaxmdm  narendramodi_in (@narendramodi_in) 1526705499000leh: prime minister narendramodi on saturday kickstarted work for zojila tunnel, asia's longest and strategic bi-directional tunnel, to provide all-weather connectivity between srinagar, kargil and leh.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday released the commemorative rs 100 coin in memory of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee bjp president amit shah , lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, senior bjp leader lk advani, finance minister arun jaitley and minister of state for culture, mahesh sharma were present at the occasion.
;;0.3182;;bsnl employees union has also written to prime minister narendramodi seeking action against those responsible for the act.
;;0.0;;new delhi: in a first for the country's inland water transport , prime minister narendramodi on november 12 will receive a container vessel in varanasi on the river ganga, union minister nitin gadkari said sunday.
;;0.0;;he said that prime minister narendramodi will receive the container vessel travelled for the first time on inland waterways - nw 1 on the ganga at varanasi on november 12 at the newly developed multi-modal terminal and shall dedicate the terminal to the nation.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had caused a buzz about seaplanes when he used one to fly from the sabarmati river in ahmedabad to dharoi dam near ambaji in december 2017, on the last day of campaigning for the 2017 assembly polls.
;;-0.2023;;mumbai: prime minister narendramodi on saturday urged people to work for preventing water pollution during immersion of ganesh idols by ensuring that plastic and other waste do not go into sea.
;;0.128;;vijayawada: ap chief minister n chandrababu naidu on sunday accused prime minister narendramodi of trying to destabilise the state government with the help of telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao and ysrc president y s jaganmohan reddy.
;;0.2023;;finland participated in the nordic summit with prime minister narendramodi last year and has been seen as an important partner for indias development priorities.
;;0.0;;it is from here that prime minister narendramodi will launch the pan-india expansion of beti bachao beti padhao (bbbp) programme to cover all 640 districts on womens day on march 8.
;;-0.4215;;nirupam pointed out that ever since prime minister narendramodi failed on all fronts, congress has launched a campaign to dislodge the nda government.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 28, 2019prime minister narendramodi , chief minister pinarayi vijayan and governor p sathasivam during the inaugural f.
;;0.0;;kochi: prime minister narendramodi inaugurated rs 16,504-crore integrated refinery expansion project (irep) complex at bpcl kochi refinery at ambalamugal in kochi on sunday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi flagged off the scheme from sahebganj in april 2016.
;;0.0;;the statue being build in the state in the memory of sardar vallabhbhai patel will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on october 31, to mark patels birth anniversary.
;;0.0;;prior to that, in may 2015, prime minister narendramodi was on an official visit to mongolia, president battulga told media here.
;;0.0;;he was received by union minister kiren rijiju prime minister narendramodi and the mongolian president will jointly unveil the statue of lord buddha at gandan monastery via video conferencing later today.
;;0.0;;according to media reports, the officials are trying to finalise a trade deal before prime minister narendramodi and us president trump meet in houston on sunday and again in new york next week.
;;0.7184;;pmo india (@pmoindia) 1495763737000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi has congratulated outgoing prime minister of nepal pushpa kamal dahal \'prachanda\' for the successful conduct of local elections there.
;;-0.2732;;the former bjp leader said earlier the congress was called the party with dead leaders, but now it was the bjp because all other leaders were scared to question prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah.
;;0.0;;bengaluru chose the infamous trio of kj george roshan baig and na haris , that prime minister narendramodi said were defaming bengaluru.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will showcase the new goods and services tax (gst) during his summer tour of high-power diplomacy that will take him across germany , russia and the us over the next two months, leading up to the g-20 high table in july.
;;-0.3182;;bengaluru (isro centre): prime minister narendramodi returned to the isro control room on saturday morning, just hours after communication with the vikram lander was lost during its final descent on the lunar surface.
;;0.34;;new delhi: senior congress leader p chidambaram on friday welcomed three announcements made by prime minister narendramodi in his independence day (i-day) speech.
;;0.3182;;new delhi: terming bjp 's feat of emerging as the single largest party in karnataka as unprecedented and unusual, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday accused congress of playing divisive and regressive politics at the cost of development of the state.
;;0.4019;;lucknow: ramping up preparations for the 2019 general elections, bjp has summoned all the state presidents of its youth wing, bharatiya janata yuva morcha (bjym), for an interaction with prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah on thursday.
;;0.0;;this story is from october 30, 2018indore: if an inquiry begins into the rafale deal, prime minister narendramodi is going to jail.
;;0.0;;speaking to ani, sinha said: just 50-70 metres away from the meeting venue of prime minister narendramodi in durgapur, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee's posters were deliberately being put above the prime minister's banners.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at the sardar sarovar dam site.
;;0.0;;co/4lz3cw5ci7  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1568692440000kevadiya: prime minister narendramodi turned 69 on tuesday and began the day with a visit to the statue of unity and the sardar sarovar dam on the river narmada in his home state of gujarat.
;;0.1779;;nagpur: prime minister narendramodi modis visit to pandharkawda, a major cotton growing centre of the region, is expected to have an impact on neighbouring state of telangana.
;;0.0516;;sushma swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi +beijing/new delhi: prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping will hold their first major informal summit in the picturesque wuhan city of central china on april 27 and 28, marking a breakthrough in ties that were hit by a tense 73-day military standoff between indian and chinese militaries at doklam the announcement of the meeting, though speculated upon in the last few weeks, was concrete evidence that the two leaders could be looking to impart some momentum to the relationship.
;;0.4939;;co/lyaurmvw2q  ani (@ani) 1514191901000noida: prime minister narendramodi today advocated the use of public transport to save on fuel and costs associated with the import of petroleum, saying travelling on a metro train should be a prestige issue.
;;-0.34;;aiks said prime minister narendramodi had betrayed all promises he had made to farmers made before the 2014 elections.
;;-0.4215;;during the recent assembly polls, shah had attacked congress with the raja, maharaja and corporate jibe, but the party will refrain from such direct attacks and instead focus on propaganda of the bjp government, led by pm narendramodi , said a senior state functionary.
;;0.1027;;(this story originally appeared in on sep 16, 2019)new delhi: china has reached out to india to smoothen ruffled feathers over the kashmir issue, including the status of the line of actual control (lac) in ladakh, ahead of the informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping in mid-october.
;;0.5423;;playing on prime minister narendramodi modis slogan, he said achhe din were on the cards for the congress as its party chief, rahul gandhi, was showing an inclination to learn and understand the issues facing the nation.
;;-0.128;;pune: as many as 884 brave soldiers of the indian armys maratha light infantry (mli), who had laid down their lives for the country, will be immortalised in the national war memorial when it is inaugurated in new delhi by prime minister narendramodi on monday.
;;-0.3818;;palakkad: cpi state secretary kanam rajendran said left and other democratic and secular forces must stand together and fight against bjp, rss and the nda government led by prime minister narendramodi at the centre.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi on november 8, 2016, announced a ban on then in use rs 1000 and rs 500 denomination bank notes with immediate effect.
;;0.0;;read moreread full article:new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday asked people to make yoga an integral part of their lives and urged them to take part in the international yoga day celebrations on june 21.
;;0.0;;as soon as yediyurappa gets the green signal, the date for the cabinet expansion will be decided, he addedearlier in the day, yediyurappa met prime minister narendramodi and sought early nod for the proposed rs 5,912-crore reservoir in mekedatu on the cauvery river.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on friday spoke to the chief minister on the situation in the state.
;;0.0;;ranchi/hazaribag: the raghubar das government on sunday hosted an elaborate programme in ormanjhi to mark the launch of pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi (pm-kisan) scheme by prime minister narendramodi from gorakhpur in uttar pradesh on sunday.
;;0.0258;;sources said prime minister narendramodi discussed the matter with members of the informal ministerial core group, which includes home minister rajnath singh, foreign minister sushma swaraj , finance minister arun jaitley and road transport minister nitin gadkari .
;;-0.4767;;she also talked about demonetization, gst and poor economy and held prime minister narendramodi modis faulty policies responsible for this.
;;0.0;;ludhiana: irked by the alleged derogatory statement made by prime minister narendramodi in london where he spoke about an alleged nexus between indian doctors and pharmaceutical companies, the doctors of the indian medical association (ima) ludhiana held a rally at ima house on tuesday.
;;0.0;;though he did not take any names, he alluded to prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah, having a humble beginning in politics.
;;0.6808;;in his address, jharkhand chief minister raghubar das said, kashmir is ours and will remain ours forever, and thanked prime minister narendramodi for diluting article 370 that gave special provisions to jammu and kashmir.
;;0.9042;;taking a dig at opposition parties, das echoed nadda saying while family affiliations are required for becoming prime minister and party president in other parties, the bjp makes a tea-seller as prime minister and party president who put posters on walls, alluding to narendramodi and union home minister amit shah respectively.
;;0.0;;the official said both russia and india are likely to announce the deal before an annual summit between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin in october.
;;0.0;;download the times of india news app for latest citymysuru: it was the heritage city for years before prime minister narendramodi announced the swachh bharat scheme around five years ago.
;;0.6908;;ahmedabad: with a pile of demands ranging from getting nod to sell gas under ujala scheme to availing financial assistance for their children's higher education, fair price shop owners led by prahlad modi , younger brother of prime minister narendramodi , on sunday gave ultimatum to the gujarat government either to accept their demands or face indefinite strike of fair price shops from may 28.
;;-0.128;;in new delhi, the view even beyond the more hawkish elements in prime minister narendramodi 's government is that the world has seen and heard these kinds of promises before, only for pakistan-backed islamist groups to attack india.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi had announced interest subsidy for two categories of middle income groups (migs) in urban areas with annual income of up to rs 18 lakh, which came into effect from january 2017.
;;0.6597;;the bjp, billed as the worlds largest political party with more than 11crore members, under prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah , has already designated the elders and veterans as the marg darshak mandal to pave way for young and new faces.
;;-0.101;;the most awaited guest was prime minister narendramodi , who wished the couple and gave them a red rose each.
;;0.765;;dehradun: the cave at the kedarnath shrine where prime minister narendramodi meditated last month has seen an unprecedented boost in popularity, with large number of devotees logging into the gmvn website daily to book the facility online.
;;-0.7003;;patole turned a critic after he had raised the distress of farmers at a parliamentary party meeting which was addressed by prime minister narendramodi almost a year ago and was snubbed by the pm.
;;0.128;;download the times of india news app for latest cityvaranasi: prime minister narendramodi launched the mega plantation drive in the city on saturday.
;;0.8176;;this story is from november 8, 2018chandrababu naidu (l) with deve gowda (r) and hd kumaraswamy (pti photo)bypolls in karnatakabengaluru: andhra pradesh chief minister and telugu desam party (tdp) supremo n chandrababu naidu wants to repeat a 1996 united third front formula in the 2019 lok sabha elections to prevent prime minister narendramodi from returning to power, with former prime minister hd deve gowda being the senior moderator.
;;0.9201;;new delhi: emphasizing the continued ascendancy of the bjp, an emotional prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the party was now in power in 19 states, one more than the congress at its peak under indira gandhi the pm also recalled the sacrifices of leaders who built the party over the years and exuded confidence that the bjp would win more state polls in the days to come.
;;0.0516;;touted as the biggest ever defence exhibition, defexpo-2018 will be formally inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on april 12.
;;0.6486;;new delhi: ahead of the maiden budget of his second term in office, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday brainstormed with top bureaucrats of finance and other ministries to finalise the government's 100-day agenda with a focus to revive the sagging economy and create jobs.
;;0.0772;;chandigarh: crawfed (chandigarh residents' associations welfare federation) has requested prime minister narendramodi to form a metropolitan development authority (mda) for the tricity on the lines of national capital region (ncr).
;;0.0;;the decision of narendramodi government to introduce pension scheme for unorganized sector workers has evoked mixed reactions in the city.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had said in 2015 that all unorganized sector workers would get minimum wages.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the government will auction over 2,700 gifts received by prime minister narendramodi from september 14 until october 3 and contribute the proceeds for the conservation and rejuvenation of ganga, union culture minister prahlad patel said.
;;0.0;;addressing the farmers at rythu samanvaya samithi meeting, kcr said though he had discussed and urged prime minister narendramodi to take steps for welfare of farmers, but the centre has not come up with any scheme.
;;-0.6597;;his colleague and opposition leader in parliament mallikarjun kharge launched a direct attack on prime minister narendramodi , saying, he is an expert in saying lies.
;;0.3612;;amaravati: the andhra government is getting ready to give forest clearance for the prestigious high voltage direct current (hvdc) scheme of the centre which will connect the south and west regions, said ap chief secretary dinesh kumar speaking to prime minister narendramodi through a video conference along with the chief secretaries of various states on wednesday, the kumar told that the power line will pass through kurnool , kadapa and chittoor districts and hence it will require forest clearance to lay the lines.
;;0.8676;;read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:read also:new delhi: the times of india ran a front-page editorial on july 1, along with the days lead story, welcoming prime minister narendramodi modis call on mann ki baat for a national effort to protect and augment indias water resources and describing it as an extremely urgent and worthy cause.
;;0.0;;a formal announcement could be made during prime minister narendramodi modis second visit to the sou, on december 20.
;;0.0;;stating that prime minister narendramodi was behind kcrs proposed federal front, gowda said west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee is a secular leader and she would sail with the congress-led coalition.
;;0.0;;questioning the claims made by prime minister narendramodi and other leaders of the bjp about anna bhagya scheme  one of the previous congress governments flagship initiatives  having been funded by the central government, siddaramaiah asked, the scheme was implemented when i was karnataka cm.
;;0.9118;;in the eyes of the ruling party, the modi government had just dealt a winning hand and prime minister narendramodi , usually a dispassionate onlooker, joined the cheering, beaming and thumping his desk.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi: congress president rahul gandhi accused prime minister narendramodi of giving pre-scripted interviews, claiming that it would be an embarrassment to us all if he did take real questions.
;;-0.9268;;prime minister narendramodi also expressed grief over the the accident and said it was extremely unfortunate and anguishing.
;;0.3612;;the state has been unrest since prime minister narendramodi had announced to bring in the cab to grant indian citizenship to non-muslim from bangladesh, pakistan and afghanistan who had entered india before december 31, 2014.
;;0.4019;;the meet comes in the wake of prime minister narendramodi calling a meeting of various parties to discuss the 'one nation, one election' issue, celebration of 75 years of independence in 2022 and 150 years of mahatma gandhi's birth anniversary this year.
;;0.25;;in morbi district, where prime minister narendramodi had addressed a massive public rally, congress rookie patidar netas had a dream electoral debut on morbi and tankara seats.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah have visited the state in the past two months, launching the party's campaign for the assembly polls.
;;0.4576;;on actor rajinikanth saying prime minister narendramodi was more powerful than 10 people joining hands to fight against him, yechury said i used to like the films in which rajinikanth acted and whenever time permitted i used to watch his films.
;;-0.4019;;congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi said the department of personnel and training headed by prime minister narendramodi abdicated its constitutional responsibility by not acting on two complaints against chowdary.
;;0.0;;final touch to preparations for pms rally at rohtak on saturdayrohtak: sounding poll bugle for the upcoming haryana state assembly elections, prime minister narendramodi will address a bjp rally in rohtak on sunday.
;;0.872;;awarded the padma shri in 2000 for his contribution to the arts and later the sangeet natak akademi award, he leaves a legacy that has prompted twitter farewells from prime minister narendramodi who acknowledged the legend as a wonderful communicator, president ram nath kovind to various actors, including manisha koirala.
;;0.4767;;all that was left was taking the proposal to prime minister narendramodi for approval.
;;0.7865;;bengaluru: congress president rahul gandhi has not shown any disrespect towards jd(s) supremo h d deve gowda as claimed by prime minister narendramodi , the party said.
;;0.8176;;the us government must be speak out boldly in support of a un backed peaceful resolution, sanders told a largely muslim audience at the islamic society of north america (isna) convention in houston, a city where prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to address the indian-american community later this month on september 22.
;;0.0;;speaking to the media here on completion of three years of the narendramodi government, siddaramaiah said yeddyurappa's act was evidence enough to prove bjp's double standards.
;;0.3182;;if bjp is serious, let it take up inter-caste marriages instead of inter-dining programmesmahesh chandra guru | dalit activist and professor, university of mysorechief minister siddaramaiah on friday made a gaffe when he uttered the name of party mp m veerappa moily, instead of pm narendramodi who was being targeted by the congress party moily is full of lies.
;;0.0;;mamata banerjee meets prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)west bengal cm @mamataofficial calls on pm @narendramodi in new delhi.
;;0.0;;co/qxfpxtmezo  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1568805557000new delhi: west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress leader mamata banerjee on wednesday raised the issue of renaming the state during a meeting with prime minister narendramodi the west bengal assembly has passed a resolution to rename the state as 'bangla'.
;;0.0;;after shouting slogans against the union government and prime minister narendramodi , the protestors gave a memorandum to deputy commissioner pradeep aggarwal.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday inaugurated phase 1 of the delhi-meerut expressway (dme) and eastern periphery expressway (epe).
;;0.0;;* the foundation stone of the greenfield project was laid by prime minister narendramodi on november 5, 2015.
;;-0.0772;;this story is from november 22, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityaizawl: prime minister narendramodi will give the public rally here a miss and only address a public meeting at lunglei, headquarters of one of the three districts where the brus hail from, on friday.
;;0.5859;;new delhi: days after seeking to address concerns related to angel tax, prime minister narendramodi on friday said policy-makers should look at start-ups and the new economy with a fresh eye and advised greater sensitivity.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will travel in an open jeep on the delhi-meerut expressway on sunday and also inaugurate india's first smart and green highway, the eastern peripheral expressway (epe), built at a cost of rs 11,000 crore, union minister nitin gadkari has said.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone of the greenfield project was laid by prime minister narendramodi on november 5, 2015.
;;-0.6808;;emphasizing that countries develop a reputation, jaishankar recalled prime minister narendramodi 's remarks in afghanistan about information technology vs international terrorism '' and how it has two different meanings, in a reference to india, which is known for its it professional, and pakistan.
;;0.7579;;lashing out at former cm and leader of the congress legislature party siddaramaiah for his remarks on people of the state having voted for prime minister narendramodi despite the welfare schemes that his government had launched, ashoka said, siddaramaiah is asking people why they voted for modi though he gave them rice free of cost.
;;0.34;;we will approach prime minister narendramodi , if needed, said np singh.
;;0.7351;;thanks to prime minister narendramodi modis visit to kevadiya on tuesday morning, the city police remained busy with bandobast duties due to which commuters, who were not following traffic rules had a free ride.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi has ended the politics of appeasement and dynasty, and ushered in politics of development, bjp president amit shah said on saturday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has ended politics of appeasement, dynasty and casteism, and ushered politics of development, shah said.
;;-0.4019;;by express news servicebengaluru: state congress president dinesh gundu rao on tuesday lambasted chief minister bs yediyurappa for his inept handling of the flood situation and prime minister narendramodi for turning a blind eye to karnataka.
;;0.6486;;the negotiations went on for two years but the formal agreement for nisar satellite happened when prime minister narendramodi signed a declaration with former us president barack obama during his visit to the us in 2014.
;;0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi is doing everything against the spirit of the constitution.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on friday spoke to chief minister.
;;0.7845;;prime minister narendramodi , who watched the live telecast of the launch, said: special moments that will be etched in the annals of our glorious history.
;;0.3818;;he also attributed the successful implementation of aadhaar to the decisive leadership of prime minister narendramodi , saying the congress-led upa remained half-hearted towards it because of its own contradictions and indecision.
;;0.2263;;it was only a decisive prime minister narendramodi who decided to go ahead with the idea of aadhaar after the formation of the nda government in may 2014, he added.
;;0.4019;;the maiden session of 17th lok sabha commenced on monday with prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi, defence minister rajnath singh, home minister amit shah and transport and highways minister nitin gadkari among the prominent members who took oath on the first day.
;;-0.1027;;on july 22, during his joint media appearance with pakistan prime minister imran khan at the white house, president trump stunned india by saying that prime minister narendramodi sought his mediation/arbitration on the kashmir issue.
;;-0.34;;bengaluru: congress leader randeep surjewala on friday urged prime minister narendramodi to sack human resources development minister prakash javadekar in the backdrop of the cbse question paper leak.
;;0.34;;the highlight of pus centenary celebration was its formal inauguration by prime minister narendramodi at patna science college on october 14.
;;0.6369;;gujarat chief minister vijay rupani said in a tweet that prime minister narendramodi discussed the flood situation in the state with him on telephone and assured central help.
;;0.0;;co/jtfbnf1gz4  ani (@ani) 1567812002000bengaluru: when a student present at the isro centre in bengaluru asked prime minister narendramodi for tips to become the president of india, modi quipped why not become the prime minister instead.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and all union ministers will attend events that will be held across the country, sources said.
;;0.1901;;amarinder, who met prime minister narendramodi for a courtesy call, told media persons that he had changed the departments of 13 ministers, including sidhu, in the reshuffle of portfolios but of them only sidhu has not taken charge of the power and renewable resources portfolio.
;;-0.6369;;mathura: prime minister narendramodi said here on wednesday that it is unfortunate that some people feel that the country will get back to 16th century no sooner they hear the word om and cow.
;;0.6369;;meanwhile, gujarat chief minister vijay rupani , in a tweet, said prime minister narendramodi held a telephonic discussion with him about the flood situation and assured help from the centre.
;;0.1406;;the aiadmk mp claimed that he had raised the cauvery issue with prime minister narendramodi as well as bjp president amit shah, but did not explain as to when and where he raised the issue with both of them.
;;0.5574;;this campaign, too, was clearly siddaramaiah versus prime minister narendramodi , a fact acknowledged by congress president rahul gandhi a self-proclaimed agnostic, the 69-year-old now makes way for a successor.
;;0.7003;;chamarajanagar/udupi/ chikkodi: prime minister narendramodi hit the campaign trail in karnataka on tuesday, targeting the siddaramaiah government for its culpability in promoting ease of doing urders and accusing congress of promoting a culture of family politics.
;;0.2263;;coimbatore: ruling out the need for a common leader to be projected against prime minister narendramodi in the run-up to the 2019 lok sabha election, the cpi called for secular and democratic parties to join hands to defeat the bjp.
;;0.0;;before assuming her role as the president of the 73rd session of the un general assembly in september 2018, becoming only the fourth woman to lead the general assembly in its 73-year history, espinosa had visited india and met prime minister narendramodi and swaraj.
;;0.4404;;also read | two independent karnataka mlas seek withdrawal of plea seeking instant floor test from sctop party leaders, including prime minister narendramodi and its president amit shah, will take a call on the matter soon, he added.
;;0.2057;;omar said prime minister narendramodi did not even drop a hint that the situation in the state warranted such a step during a meeting with his father farooq abdullah and national conference mp hussain masoodi early last week.
;;0.4588;;he, however, laughed it off when asked whether he meant prime minister narendramodi or bjp.
;;-0.6124;;though they were promised agriculture land and other facilities, the government failed to walk the talk angering tribal activists, who have now written to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention.
;;0.4767;;this story is from november 24, 2018jaipur: former union minister c p joshi apologised on friday for his allegedly casteist remarks against prime minister narendramodi , union minister uma bharti and hindu activist sadhvi ritambhara after his party president, rahul gandhi , epxressed his disapproval.
;;-0.6939;;london: prime minister narendramodi refused to sign a memorandum of understanding (mou) with britain agreeing to facilitate the return of thousands of illegal indian immigrants because the uk is not offering indians easier access to its visas, it has been revealed.
;;0.8442;;prime minister narendramodi during a call-on by chief minister of himachal pradesh jai ram thakur: ptishimla: the himachal pradesh government has got positive response from the business community of germany and netherlands as they showed keen interest to invest in the state, chief minister jai ram thakur said.
;;0.0;;before proceeding on his foreign visit, he had called on prime minister narendramodi and invited him for the two-day global investors' meet from november 7 in dharamshala.
;;0.7269;;surat: when bjps vijay rupani took oath of office and secrecy as chief minister and formed his 20-member ministry in gandhinagar on tuesday in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and other dignitaries, party workers and people of surat were riding high on hopes.
;;0.0;;it was the 34th convocation of the institute where prime minister narendramodi was the chief guest.
;;0.4019;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1495942728000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday congratulated the manipur's bharatiya janata party (bjp) for their victory in rajya sabha elections in the state.
;;-0.0258;;bidar: ridiculing bjp for fielding brothers and confidants of tainted mining baron g janardhana reddy in the assembly elections, congress president rahul gandhi on thursday said prime minister narendramodi had got his party to field the entire clan of gabbar singh of sholay in the assembly elections.
;;0.0;;recently, gujarat chief minister vijay rupani had said over 10,000 tourists were visiting the memorial every day since the 182-metre statue, the world's tallest such structure, was unveiled by prime minister narendramodi in october last year.
;;-0.8442;;coimbatore: the 53-yearold man arrested for boasting of his plan to kill prime minister narendramodi in a telephonic conversation with a truck contractor, was detained under the national security act (nsa) by city police commissioner k periaiah on monday evening.
;;0.4019;;inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi through video conferencing on october 26, its last day had governor ram naik as chief guest and assembly speaker hriday narain dixit as special guest.
;;0.0;;the graffiti will also be displayed in a gallery at jhunjhunu town of rajasthan on thursday, which will be viewed by prime minister narendramodi where he would be presiding over the beti bachao, beti padhao extension programme on international women's day.
;;0.2023;;top railway sources said, however, prime minister narendramodi will not inaugurate the train on february 10 as was decided earlier.
;;-0.3818;;he also mocked prime minister narendramodi for promising 20 million jobs to the youth every year, but failing to create any.
;;0.7003;;i think devotees should take the lead for construction of the ram temple, singh toldsingh, who originally belongs to jaunpur in uttar pradesh, told a well-attended ram leela rally at azad maidan on thursday that devotees of lord ram should write to both prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath that in the larger public interest and also keeping in mind religious sentiments of people, the temple should be constructed as top priority.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 23, 2018prime minister narendramodi attend the bjp national woman's convention at adalaj near gandhinagar on saturday.
;;0.5719;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest cityahmedabad: prime minister narendramodi on saturday gave the bjps women workers from across india the slogan mera booth, sabse mazboot to inspire their campaigning for the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.2263;;amarinder has written to prime minister narendramodi for grants for the programme.
;;0.0;;mayawati's comments came hours before an all-party meeting called by prime minister narendramodi to discuss several issues, including the idea of one nation, one election, celebration of 150 years of mahatma gandhi 's birth anniversary this year and 75 years of independence in 2022.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 27, 2019prime minister narendramodi with bjp leaders, including state bjp chief tamilisai soundararajan, during a pub.
;;0.0;;madurai: prime minister narendramodi laid the foundation stone for the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in madurai on sunday.
;;-0.7269;;thiruvananthapuram: coming down heavily on prime minister narendramodi for his recent remarks on attacks on keralas cultural heritage by the party that rules the state, chief minister pinarayi vijayan said modi should have condemned his own followers for attacking the states cultural and social fabric.
;;0.7579;;the bigger challenge for the party workers, however, is the organisation of the national convention on january 11 and 12, which will be attended by prime minister narendramodi , party president amit shah and top leaders from different states.
;;-0.1779;;while chief minister jai ram thakur had attacked the congress on monday, saying the party is worried as the name of its top leadership has surfaced in the case, state congress president sukhvinder singh sukhu hit back at the bjp on tuesday, alleging that it was prime minister narendramodi who is involved in the deal.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (toi photo)martyrdom of 40 crpf soldiers'mann ki baat' broadcastmake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.8612;;new delhi: the army has resolved to wipe out terrorists and their harbourers following the pulwama attack , prime minister narendramodi said sunday, asserting that thewill keep inspiring us relentlessly to uproot the very base of terrorism .
;;0.6705;;jaipur: chief minister vasundhara raje on sunday said that prime minister narendramodi has fulfilled the citizens dreams of 70 years in just 4 years.
;;0.0;;indias credibility has scaled new heights under the able governance of prime minister narendramodi , she said.
;;0.0;;the press conference was held to mark the four years of narendramodi government at the centre.
;;0.0;;he also slammed prime minister narendramodi for his remarks that urea was distributed under police protection in rajasthan during the previous congress government.
;;0.128;;aizawl: on his maiden visit to mizoram on saturday, prime minister narendramodi launched a scheme to address infrastructural gaps in the northeast region.
;;0.8442;;on samajwadi party supremo mulayam singh yadavs statement praising prime minister narendramodi , poojary said, it is his personal opinion.
;;0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi himself had made an appeal to his party office bearers to attract youngsters through various means including social media.
;;-0.2057;;visakhapatnam: people of the country would not forgive prime minister narendramodi and will send him back to gujarat in the ensuing elections, chief minister n chandrababu naidu said on sunday.
;;0.0;;joshi told reporters on the sidelines of the golden jubilee celebrations of dharampeth science college that he would not react to statement of prime minister narendramodi on the temple issue in an interview as he had not heard the same.
;;0.8895;;chavdas connect with the gujarati diaspora is so strong that canadas law makers heavily banked on him to ensure the success of prime minister narendramodi modis event in ricoh coliseum on april 15, 2015.
;;0.6808;;general (retd) david h petraeus, who served as cia director during barack obama's presidency in the us in 2011-12, said india was poised for a breakout modi moment during prime minister narendramodi 's second term in office after a remarkable electoral result.
;;0.4939;;on march 8, around 6,000 women had participated in the river cleaning drive which was praised by prime minister narendramodi on mann ki baat.
;;0.3612;;panaji: prime minister narendramodi on sunday spoke for the first time on goas mining issue through video conferencing and assured the states people of taking steps to restarting mining in the state.
;;0.886;;(ani)kobe: prime minister narendramodi on thursday invoked the three wise monkeys from mahatma gandhi 's teachings to underline the strong bond between india and japan when we talk about india's relations with the world, japan assumes an important place, modi, who is in japan to attend the g20 summit to be held in osaka from friday, told an enthusiastic indian community at kobe our relations with japan are centuries old.
;;0.128;;the national-level programme was launched by prime minister narendramodi on march 8, 2018 .
;;0.2732;;the hoardings and posters with pictures of prime minister narendramodi were installed in the city only to create awareness among the people about the need for fuel conservation.
;;0.5423;;gorakhpur: in a unique invite to a wedding, a man seeks vote for prime minister narendramodi as a gift for his daughters wedding in maharajganj district.
;;0.0;;trump, who is known to make inaccurate statements, had claimed that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue.
;;0.765;;pm modi (pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday appreciated the honest admission by the 2017 batch ias officers when most of them said they were not practising yoga as suggested by him during his interaction at the lal bahadur shastri academy in mussoorie in october 2017.
;;-0.6997;;goyal, who faced prime minister narendramodi 's queries on punctuality of trains at the pragati meeting last month, was particularly harsh on the northern railways chief as the zone was placed lowest on the punctuality index.
;;0.3612;;this story is from october 28, 2018file photo of up chief minister yogi adityanathdownload the times of india news app for latest citylucknow: announcing that prime minister narendramodi would perform the ground breaking ceremony for the jewar airport by the end of this year, up chief minister yogi adityanath said the international airport would be ready within the next three years.
;;-0.1027;;singapore: prime minister narendramodi and singapore's former premier goh chok tong today jointly unveiled a plaque to pay tribute at the immersion site of mahatma gandhi's ashes at clifford pier in the city-state.
;;0.6908;;now, jain has shot a fresh letter to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention for justice.
;;0.1695;;new delhi: the paradoxes up for discussion at the times litfest delhi on sunday morning were not limited to the ones congress mp shashi tharoor has alluded to about prime minister narendramodi in his latest book, the paradoxical prime minister.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has asked him to visit flood-hit areas and submit a report.
;;0.0;;they have also written to prime minister narendramodi , all the gujarat members of parliaments (mps), chief minister vijay rupani, mlas and other concerned people.
;;0.0;;rai dubbed prime minister narendramodi a sullendra (liar).
;;0.0;;this story is from november 13, 2018prime minister narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest cityvaranasi/ new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday received a vessel carrying 16 truckloads of food and beverage consignments in containers at varanasi, which came through ganga from haldia, and termed this as the beginning of a next generation transport network in india.
;;-0.4404;;when they tried to enter the sabha, the police prevented them leading to minor scuffle between the police and the protestors under thennur bridge some of them started burning the bjp flag in front of the sabha and appeared to beating up the effigies prime minister narendramodi with slippers.
;;0.4215;;earlier this month, the appointments committee of the cabinet headed by prime minister narendramodi approved the appointment of gokhale to the post of foreign secretary.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi had promised rs 2,100 crore grant for surat, but nothing has come to the city so far, he said.
;;0.0;;75 , the number could go down despite intensive campaigning by prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi prominent candidates in the fray for today's battle include state deputy chief minister nitin patel, who is contesting from mehsana, alpesh thakor (radhanpur), and jignesh mevani (vadgam).
;;0.128;;the minister said that being a signatory to 24x7 power for all scheme, the state government is working closely with the centre to implement various key schemes, including the saubhagya scheme which was launched by prime minister narendramodi last year.
;;0.5994;;davos: indian entrepreneurs at the world economic forum (wef) annual meeting expressed delight over prime minister narendramodi 's address at the plenary session, here in davos talking to ani, co-founder and owner, spicejet, ajay singh, said that pm modi has 'walked the talk'.
;;0.4939;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi , while delivering the keynote address, said that data is the real wealth.
;;0.6705;;the minister said article 370 , which gave special status to the northern state, was a historical blunder and by scrapping that special status, prime minister narendramodi has shown immense courage and corrected that historical wrong.
;;-0.4404;;times news networkchandigarh: punjab rural and urban development minister tript rajinder singh bajwa, on sunday, questioned prime minister narendramodi claiming credit for the conviction of congress leader sajjan kumar in a case relating to the november 1984 anti-sikh violence in delhi.
;;-0.1779;;it will be difficult for debt auctions to sail through without participation from the state banks when prime minister narendramodi 's new borrowing program begins in april, according to sandeep bagla, associate director at trust capital services in mumbai.
;;0.6705;;), the report statedit said the process of approval of dprs by the cabinet committee on security (ccs), headed by prime minister narendramodi , is underway.
;;0.5574;;chennai: heaping praise on the prime minister , calling him 'a towering personality and statesman', chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on wednesday invited narendramodi to unveil the portrait of former chief minister j jayalalithaa in the legislative assembly hall this was one of the chief minister's key missions in meeting modi in new delhi.
;;0.0;;india's semi-high speed train-18, with its maximum speed of 180 kmph, was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi from new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;the administration of prime minister narendramodi has sought suggestions from stakeholders for a draft space activities bill, which it has said could possibly be introduced in parliament this year.
;;0.7003;;debt relief actdownload the times of india news app for latest citybengaluru: in keeping with prime minister narendramodi modis vision of housing for all by 2022, the state government has set an ambitious target of constructing two lakh houses over 1,000 acres for the benefit of people from economically weaker sections.
;;0.7964;;beijing: china on monday welcomed prime minister narendramodi 's 'positive remarks' on india-china relations at the shangri-la dialogue and expressed willingness to work with india to follow the consensus between the leadership of the two countries to maintain the momentum in the bilateral ties.
;;0.0;;paris: the first rafale aircraft will be handed over to india next month, said prime minister narendramodi here on thursday.
;;0.6486;;another tourist rupinder singh said he was glad that prime minister narendramodi had delivered on his promise .
;;-0.3182;;tmc chief mamata banerjee (file photo)new delhi: at a time when the battle for bengal between ruling trianmool congress and bjp is getting intense with an eye on the 2021 assembly polls, chief minister and tmc chief mamata banerjee is set to meet prime minister narendramodi on wednesday.
;;-0.796;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted on his official twitter handle, the bus accident in gujarats dang district is deeply anguishing.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 27, 2018prime minister narendramodi modidownload the times of india news app for latest cityprime minister narendramodi is scheduled to address two poll meetings in telangana on tuesday.
;;0.4404;;i call upon badal to use his good offices and personal influence to prevail upon prime minister narendramodi in writing off loans of the punjab farmers.
;;0.0;;gadkari said advani will also visit gujarat during his yatra, scotching reports that chief minister narendramodi is opposed to his yatra and so he may skip the state.
;;0.0;;bilateral relations between india and mozambique are on an upswing after the visit of prime minister narendramodi to the southern african country in july 2016.
;;0.34;;the cabinet committee on security (ccs), headed by prime minister narendramodi may meet on friday to take stock of the situation in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;surat: a big public bash along with fireworks display are being planned during the two-day celebration of prime minister narendramodi modis birthday on september 16 and 17.
;;-0.1027;;he was previously the indias ambassador to poland and takes over present high commissioner to pakistan gautam bambawale in the run-up to the gujarat assembly elections, prime minister narendramodi had alleged that pakistan was meddling in polls and had also questioned the meeting of congress leaders with the pakistan officials.
;;0.4939;;the clp members led by leader of opposition shaktisinh gohil will call upon the governor dr kamla and hand over a memorandum highlighting the deliberate attempts of chief minister narendramodi in delaying the appointment of the lokayukta and also highlighting the rampant corruption of the government.
;;0.1531;;next year will be as hectic for prime minister narendramodi as this year as far as his international engagements are concerned.
;;-0.3818;;with morning headlines indicating that rafale would again be the opposition focus on tuesday, sibal put on his congress hat to slam prime minister narendramodi and ambani.
;;-0.3818;;new delhi: bjp mp dr subramanian swamy on tuesday urged prime minister narendramodi to institute a high-level inquiry to determine how the central board of direct taxation (cbtd) is illegal and the circular issued against exonerating tdk ( sonia gandhi ) and  bambino  ( rahul gandhi ) in the national herald case was withdrawn.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi , in a recent election rally in belagavi, had assured to include the belagavi airport under the udaan scheme.
;;0.0;;people look up to prime minister narendramodi for development.
;;0.5859;;read moremarathon meetingno need to panicdownload the times of india news app for latest citymysuru: congress legislature party leader and former chief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday locked horns with senior jd(s) minister gt devegowda over his contention that prime minister narendramodi and bjp president and union home minister amit shah are not involved in destabilizing the coalition government.
;;0.1027;;madurai: prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the centre's aim is to make tamil nadu a preferred hub for aerospace and defence industries in the country.
;;0.0;;he announced that they were thinking of roping in prime minister narendramodi to unveil the statue of the jat leader.
;;0.0;;2 km all-weather tunnel on jammu-srinagar highway was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on april 2, 2017.
;;0.4019;;ties with taiwan have, however, received a boost with prime minister narendramodi modis act east policy and the new southbound policy initiative of taiwans president tsai ing-wen.
;;0.6369;;isro chairman k sivan announcedbengaluru: prime minister narendramodi on saturday addressed the scientists at isro headquarters in bengaluru and outlined that the country's best is yet to come in the field of space missions.
;;0.0;;this was the first deliberations at official level on trade issues after the meeting of prime minister narendramodi with the us president in japan, on the sidelines of the g20 summit in osaka in june.
;;0.0258;;singapore: prime minister narendramodi and us vice president mike pence held talks on wednesday on a wide range of bilateral and global issues of mutual interests, including defence and trade cooperation, ways to counter terrorism and the need for maintaining a free and open indo-pacific.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi said that in the last two years - since president donald trump has assumed office - american exports to india have grown by 50 per cent and it is perhaps one of the countries, perhaps the only one, of the top 10 countries with which the us has a trade deficit where the deficit has actually reduced last year and is on course to further reduce this year, gokhale said.
;;0.0;;representatives will go to delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi and give a memorandum of their demands, they resoved.
;;0.4939;;a framework agreement between the centre and the nscn(im) was signed on august 3, 2015, in presence of prime minister narendramodi apart from the nscn(m), six other naga nationalist political groups (nnpgs) have joined the dialogue last year.
;;-0.2732;;this story is from november 12, 2018representative imagebengaluru: barely 90 days after prime minister narendramodi announced a human spaceflight mission isro ) has begun the process of drawing up a shortlist of experiments it will conduct in the low earth orbit (leo), where it intends to send indian astronauts (gaganauts).
;;0.4588;;the memorial will be dedicated to the nation on monday with prime minister narendramodi lighting the eternal flame.
;;-0.128;;co/gexddonqlx  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1566749685000biarritz ( france ): prime minister narendramodi and his british counterpart boris johnson met here on sunday and the two leaders discussed ways to strengthen bilateral cooperation.
;;0.2023;;the summit will be attended by a galaxy of top politicians including prime minister narendramodi , heads of state, industry captains, and thousands of high-profile delegates from over 100 countries.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to address an election rally here on december 16.
;;0.6249;;bhopal: a day after mother of raju laxman bheel, who is reportedly in pakistan jail for spying on nuclear enrichment facility, urged prime minister narendramodi to ensure the safe return of her 30-year-old mentally challenged son, chief minister kamal nath said the government would make all possible efforts to bring the youth back to india.
;;0.0;;yogi said prime minister narendramodi 's ujjawala scheme seeks to empower women in the country.
;;0.2732;;the meeting was attended by the heads of state/government of the 53-member countries of the commonwealth, including prime minister narendramodi , as well as queen elizabeth ii, the head of the commonwealth, and members of the royal family, including prince charles, prince william and prince harry.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 11, 2019prime minister narendramodi (l) with bjp state president kanna lakshmi narayana (c) in andhra pradesh's guntu.
;;0.4404;;guntur: a day before n chandrababu naidu joins opposition parties for a sit-in in new delhi against the centre, prime minister narendramodi on sunday accused the andhra pradesh chief minister of splurging public funds for political gains.
;;0.4019;;varanasi: an fir was lodged against senior samajwadi party leader and party's maharashtra state president abu azmi at saraimeer police station of azamgarh on tuesday for making alleged derogatory remarks against prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.0;;co/0zkc1hevn9  siddaramaiah (@siddaramaiah) 1525092727000bengaluru (karnataka): a day before prime minister narendramodi is landing in karnataka for campaigning, state's chief minister siddaramaiah on monday posed series of questions to him.
;;-0.4234;;new delhi: the opposition does not appear keen on prime minister narendramodi , suspecting that this might be a bid to make the entire exercise a presidential-style campaign that could subdue incumbency.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi: the editors guild of india has expressed concern at the words used by congress president rahul gandhi while criticising ani editor-in-chief smita prakash who had interviewed prime minister narendramodi earlier this week.
;;0.0516;;delh: hitting out at the election commission , the aam aadmi party alleged on friday that the vindictive recommendation was made at the behest of the bjp-led central government, adding chief election commissioner a k joti was repaying the debt to prime minister narendramodi before his retirement.
;;0.0;;aap delhi chief spokesperson saurabh bharadwaj said: a k joti was the principal secretary under (the then gujarat chief minister) narendramodi and then the chief secretary of gujarat.
;;0.4588;;amiya maity, former teacher of sskm hospital who has sent a letter to prime minister narendramodi modis office in this regard, said: from this declaration, its clear that nta will not take any responsibility for the mistake (s) in regional language question papers and students have to do respective correction (s) in the examination hall according to the english version question.
;;-0.3182;;on sunday, when prime minister narendramodi inaugurates the 10-km line from washermenpet to ag-dms, the stretch will stand testimony to a decade-long struggle waged by hundreds of workers, engineers and officers, as the 45km phase i will be completely operational.
;;0.5994;;the us president on monday stunned the world by saying that prime minister narendramodi , during the g20 summit in osaka, japan , sought his help in resolving the kashmir issue.
;;-0.5719;;ahmedabad: the gujarat high court on monday adjourned the hearing on a plea which seeks that directions be issued to the nanavati commission to summon chief minister narendramodi for questioning in connection with the 2002 riots.
;;-0.8225;;tulsi returned the brief when chief minister narendramodi made disparaging remarks against sohrabuddin in an election speech justifying the killing.
;;-0.2732;;jaishankar also discussed arrangements for president jinping's visit to india later this year for second informal summit with prime minister narendramodi during his meeting with wang yi, jaishankar said india's decisions on jammu and kashmir are country's internal matter and have no implication for either the external boundaries of india or the line of actual control (lac) with china.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi has previously said that the court process will need to play out before any other initiative on the temple can be considered.
;;-0.3182;;port blair: prime minister narendramodi paid floral tributes to the victims of the 2004 tsunami at a memorial in car nicobar here on sunday.
;;0.4927;;read morenew delhi: in his tribute to the late bjp stalwart arun jaitley , prime minister narendramodi on tuesday touched on his close relations with the media, saying journalists were very fond of him as he could give them in 8-10 minutes what they would have otherwise take many hours to find out.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will attend the unga session.
;;0.6597;;a post shared by narendramodi (@narendramodi) on jan 22, 2018 at 10:23am pstdavos +first engagement in snowing #davos, pm @narendramodi met with swiss president @alain_berset.
;;0.2023;;co/193wlyfoxi  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1516655273000* the top billing on day 1 belongs to prime minister narendramodi , who will be delivering the opening plenary address at the world economic forum (wef) later today.
;;0.4588;;co/mlvvchlajf  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1567651321000vladivostok: prime minister narendramodi on thursday met his malaysian counterpart mahathir bin mohamad and the two leaders discussed ways to diversify the bilateral ties to benefit people in both the countries.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi met with malaysian pm @chedetofficial on the margins of eef2019 in vladivostok.
;;0.5106;;dehradun: prime minister narendramodi on the auspicious occasion of diwali offered prayers at revered kedarnath shrine and inspected the development projects in the kedar valley.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 27, 2019prime minister narendramodi in kochi, kerala.
;;0.2732;;kochi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday dedicated to the nation an integrated refinery expansion complex of the public sector bharat petroleum corporation limited at the kochi refinery here.
;;0.0;;mounded storage vessel, iocl lpg bottling plant, inaugurated by pm narendramodi has a total storage capacity of 4350 mt.
;;0.2023;;he is followed by prime minister narendramodi and several top bjp functionaries on twitter.
;;0.128;;in april 2016, prime minister narendramodi launched the pilot of electronic national agriculture market (enam) as part of the central government's objective to double farmers' income by 2022.
;;-0.7351;;new delhi: indias path to economic recovery faces another obstacle, with prime minister narendramodi asking the state road builder to stop constructing highways after its debt ballooned almost seven-fold over the past five years.
;;0.1441;;gandhinagar: pravin togadia , the former international working president of the vishwa hindu parishad vhp ), ended his indefinite fast on thursday, in less than 48 hours, without any assurance from prime minister narendramodi modis government that a law would be enacted to clear the way for the ram temple to be build in ayodhya.
;;-0.9201;;siddaramaiah blamed prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah for the crisis and of introducing chaos and confusion to destabilise a democratically elected government.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said the government had given loan to 12 crore beneficiaries under the mudra yojna , totalling rs 5.
;;0.3818;;file photo of prime minister narendramodi and china's president xi jinping (reuters)modi-xi will concentrate on strategic issuesbeijing: although china has recently dragged the kashmir issue to the united nations, it will not be a major topic during the discussions between pm narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping when they meet in india in the coming weeks, a senior chinese official said here on tuesday.
;;0.6124;;new delhi: scores of muslim women thanked prime minister narendramodi for ensuring the passage of the triple talaq bill in rajya sabha , at events organised by the bjp in the city on wednesday.
;;-0.4767;;since last summer, the government has been pushing for a clean-up of the audit profession with prime minister narendramodi highlighting the poor disciplinary record of cas on july 1.
;;0.0;;i will discuss with prime minister narendramodi and (party) all india president amit shahji, afterwards i will meet governor, yeddyurappa told reporters in response to a question.
;;0.4588;;this story is from november 1, 2018aerial view of statue of unity in kevadiya colony of narmada district, on wednesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citykevadiya: kevadiya, the tiny tribal hamlet nestled amid satpura and vindhya ranges, got etched in history as prime minister narendramodi dedicated to the nation statue of unity, the worlds tallest statue, built as a towering tribute to indias iron man sardar vallabhbhai patel on wednesday.
;;-0.6124;;but, we must defeat the bjp, and so, the congress must yield the seat to jd(s), said vishwanath, who expressed his displeasure at prime minister narendramodi calling the cm a clerk.
;;0.0;;pm must talk with dignityreacting to prime minister narendramodi modis jibe about the karnataka cm being a clerk, hd kumaraswamy on sunday said that such statements do not become the office of the pm.
;;0.5106;;as governor, my responsibility will be to see that the state government functions in adherence to the constitution, khan said and expressed gratitude to prime minister narendramodi for the assignment.
;;-0.4939;;the tdp chief alleged that prime minister narendramodi , jagan and telangana chief minister k chandrashekhar rao have colluded with the aim to damage andhra pradesh.
;;-0.6124;;tuticorin: information and publicity minister kadambur c raju has claimed that the protest by aiadmk mps in the parliament over the cauvery issue has forced prime minister narendramodi to observe a day-long fast on thursday.
;;0.4019;;read morenew delh: opposed to the idea of simultaneous polls to the lok sabha and state assemblies, several opposition parties, including the congress, on wednesday skipped the all-party meeting convened by prime minister narendramodi on the issue of 'one nation, one election'.
;;0.0;;rohtak: prime minister narendramodi on sunday urged the people to use water judiciously keeping in mind the betterment of the future generation.
;;0.7783;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will receive the seoul peace prize on friday.
;;0.5719;;ralegan siddhi: social crusader anna hazare on sunday said that while the country-wide lokpal movement in 2011 played a huge role in prime minister narendramodi coming to power at the centre, the modi government does not appear inclined to implement the jan lokpal and lokayukta enactments despite nearing the completion of its five-year term.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , in a letter written in response to a congratulatory message from his pakistani counterpart imran khan after lok sabha polls, had called for early operationalisation of the kartarpur corridor.
;;0.3818;;at a recent rally in mysuru, prime minister narendramodi has affirmed the centres commitment to turning the 117km-long bengaluru-mysuru highway into a six-lane road.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is running the country on directives of rss, he added.
;;-0.6249;;picture used for representational purpose onlychennai: as officials from the cbi and enforcement directorate landed at former union finance minister p chidambarams residence in new delhi on tuesday, congress leaders in chennai hit out at prime minister narendramodi and the bjp accusing them of threatening democracy in the country.
;;-0.3182;;this story is from november 28, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityhyderabad: in what appears to be a major change in the bjp game plan in tackling the opposition barely five months from the 2019 general elections, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday isolated congress as the prime target and went soft on others.
;;0.3818;;by picking on only the congress, prime minister narendramodi sent a clear message  that we can all work together minus the congress.
;;0.4019;;ahmedabad/bhabhar: a day ahead of the gujarat assembly elections, prime minister narendramodi asked congress to choose between ram mandir and babri masjid and also explain why the party was linking hearings in the ram janmabhoomi case with the 2019 lok sabha polls.
;;0.3818;;vladivostok: prime minister narendramodi on thursday said india will walk shoulder-to-shoulder with russia in its development of the far east and announced a $1 billion line of credit for the development of the resource-rich region.
;;0.5106;;in an emotional meeting with prime minister narendramodi on july 5 in jerusalem, the young boy had expressed his wish to visit mumbai.
;;0.891;;this story is from november 7, 2018new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday celebrated diwali with army and itbp personnel at harsil village in uttarakhand , continuing his tradition of celebrating the festival with jawans.
;;0.7096;;chennai: at a time when aiadmk ministers have been trying to distance themselves from being under the shadow of the bjp , senior party leader and rajya sabha member v maitreyan on monday praised prime minister narendramodi for addressing a wide range of issues concerning the nation during his interview with times now.
;;0.7096;;maitreyan said in his facebook post, as for tamil nadu, even though the bjp has no significant presence in the state, the people of tamil nadu, cutting across party lines, had great expectations from narendramodi when he assumed office in 2014.
;;0.5267;;led by prime minister narendramodi , the bjp had claimed a landslide victory, winning over 300 seats.
;;0.0;;this would be the first meeting on trade issues after the meeting of prime minister narendramodi with the us president in japan on the sidelines of the g20 summit in osaka in june.
;;0.1531;;the likes of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah had compared trs with congress and accused kcr of concentrating power in the family.
;;-0.9423;;new delhi: in an extraordinary intervention, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday got the i&b ministry to scrap its controversial plan to punish journalists for purveying alleged fake news pm has directed that the press release regarding fake news be withdrawn and the matter should only be addressed by the press council of india , an official statement said amid gathering protests from the media against the ministry's controversial move, which also drew attacks from the opposition.
;;0.0;;raipur: preparations are on full swing for prime minister narendramodi 's day-long visit to chhattisgarh on june 14 to inaugurate an expansion of bhilai steel plant and dedicate a new building of iit in bhilai.
;;0.1027;;however, india has reached out to key members of the hrc in recent weeks  prime minister narendramodi held talks with the king and prime minister of bahrain (currently a member of unhrc) where this issue would have been raised.
;;-0.5719;;new delhi: in a fresh assault on the government's recent surveillance order, congress on monday accused prime minister narendramodi of being a 'peeping tom' who is systematically converting india into a 'nanny state'.
;;-0.4767;;rohtak: jats would boycott prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shahs political events in the state to protest delay in the grant of reservation to the community, said all india jat aarakshan sangharsh samiti (aijass) chief yashpal malik on saturday.
;;-0.4588;;hyderabad: all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen (aimim) president and hyderabad mp asaduddin owaisi criticised prime minister narendramodi for his silence on the killing of a muslim man in rajasthan in the name of love jihad.
;;0.4588;;unruly rains toppled hoardings put up to welcome prime minister narendramodi and delegates of african development bank annual meetings.
;;-0.296;;a cap frequently worn by subhas chandra bose was presented to prime minister narendramodi by his nephew, chandra kumar bose, on netaji's 122nd birth anniversary on wednesday.
;;0.2649;;expressing his support for prime minister narendramodi , he accused lok sabha authorities of not giving him enough opportunities to speak in the house.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 24, 2018a view of the bogibeel bridge, to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on 25 december in dibrugarh .
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate india's longest rail-road bogibeel bridge in assam on tuesday.
;;0.0;;hyderabad: chief minister k chandrasekhar rao on saturday said he had explained to prime minister narendramodi not only about the rythu bandhu scheme, but also advised him to implement rythu bhima for farmers in the country.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 23, 2019prime minister narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;madurai: prime minister narendramodi will lay the foundation stone for the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in madurai on january 27 when he will also flag off the bjps campaign for the lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;in nashik on wednesday, prime minister narendramodi said the decision to revoke provisions under article 370 was a decision for india's unity.
;;-0.7003;;our daughters will get justice, culprits won't be spared: pm modi on rape cases breaking his silence on the unnao and kathua rape cases, prime minister narendramodi today said: no culprit will be spared, complete justice will be done.
;;-0.9382;;although sharma claimed that lal singh and ganga quit on their own, sources said the two were recalled at the instance of pm narendramodi , who held that being ministers, they should not have joined the attack on j&k police for arresting those accused of raping and killing an eight-year-old.
;;0.926;;the idea behind the dream home is to create awareness among people to use the best of available resources in building best quality homes and also in line with the dream of prime minister narendramodi that every citizen must have a roof over their head, he said.
;;0.4019;;we will repeat that under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , party president amit shah and chief minister vasundhara raje.
;;0.5994;;the centre had told the top court that cabinet approval for the scheme could not be obtained since prime minister narendramodi and his cabinet colleagues were busy in the karnataka poll campaign.
;;0.0;;bjp mp cr paatil, a close confidant of prime minister narendramodi , had lobbied with the loss-making national carrier for the flight.
;;0.0489;;the chief minister said patidar leader hardik patel joined forces with others to launch a huge campaign to defame prime minister narendramodi in gujarat, but it hardly affected the bjp.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp manipulated the governors office and indulged in horse trading to hijack mlas to form the government, he said.
;;0.5574;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday inaugurated a memorial 'sadaiv atal' dedicated to former pm atal bihari vajpayee on his birth anniversary at rashtriya smriti sthal president ram nath kovind , vice-president m venkaiah naidu were among the dignitaries who paid floral tributes to the former statesman at the memorial built near the rashtriya smriti sthal, where his mortal remains were consigned to flames on august 17.
;;-0.4588;;on o'brien's remark that if the anti-bjp forces come together, they can defeat prime minister narendramodi in the 2019 elections, moily said it's possible.
;;-0.5106;;india has already rejected trump's claim that prime minister narendramodi sought his mediation on the kashmir issue.
;;-0.1531;;ahmedabad: prime minister narendramodi 's elder brother prahlad modi , who is the president of gujarat fair price shop owners and kerosene licence holder association, threatened that all fair shops owners in gujarat would go on an indefinite strike from may 28 if the centre failed to accept their demands.
;;0.0;;his visit comes ahead of a meeting between us president donald trump and prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the g20 summit in osaka, japan on june 28-29.
;;-0.8957;;begusarai: atmosphere was charged and emotions ran high as the crowd gathered here on sunday expected something from prime minister narendramodi to soothe their anger over the terrorist attack in which 40 crpf personnel were martyred at pulwama in jammu & kashmir thursday last.
;;0.2263;;pune: a group of former vice-chancellors of universities in maharashtra has written to prime minister narendramodi proposing a ram temple , as well as other places of worship, on government land around the disputed ayodhya site.
;;-0.296;;the congress leader also accused prime minister narendramodi of selectively talking about laws that do not apply for jammu and kashmir on the day--august 8-- he addressed the nation after abrogation of article 370 i can list out 90 other laws that apply to j&k, he said.
;;0.0;;jhunjhunu: prime minister narendramodi modis penchant for acronyms was once again on show at the launch of nutrition mission in jhunjhunu on thursday.
;;0.4404;;speaking during the supplementary budget debate in the state legislative assembly, adityanath said prime minister narendramodi had asked the state to accept the challenge.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , dozens of students from across the country selected by isro though an online quiz, a large media contingent and others are slated to watch the event as it happens, from the isro telemetry tracking and command network (istrac) here.
;;0.5106;;united nations: un secretary-general antonio guterres urged all parties to avoid any sort of escalation in kashmir during his meeting with prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the g7 summit in the french town of biarritz, according to his spokesman.
;;0.5423;;terming it an end to the suffering of muslim women, women and child development minister smriti irani said was only prime minister narendramodi understood the pain of muslim women and fulfilled his commitment for ensuring gender justice.
;;0.0;;janakpur: prime minister narendramodi and his nepalese counterpart k p sharma oli today jointly inaugurated a direct bus service between janakpur and ayodhya - the two sacred cities for hindus.
;;0.743;;jabalpur: swachh efforts of jabalpur civic body and residents came for special mention and praise by prime minister narendramodi in his 'mann ki baat' address on sunday.
;;0.7351;;during the last mann ki baat speech of this year, prime minister narendramodi said, im saying it with pride that it was collective efforts that made the swachch bharat mission a successful campaign.
;;0.7783;;meanwhile, former cm shivraj singh chouhan in a tweet expressed gratitude towards the pm narendramodi for praising the efforts of jabalpur residents for their efforts towards sanitation drive.
;;0.6908;;the second round of talks on the corridor was announced after the re-election of prime minister narendramodi the first round was held on march 14 on the indian side of the attari-wagah border , during which issues like finalisation of the draft agreement between the two countries were discussed.
;;-0.5106;;read also:'jai shree ram has become a war-cry': celebs write to pm modi over incidents of lynchingletterletterletterletterletterlynchinglynchinglynchingletterletterletterletterletterletterlynchingnew delhi: sixty-two personalities, including actor kangana ranaut , cbfc chief prasoon joshi and classical dancer sonal mansingh, have written an open letter against the selective outrage and false narratives of celebrities who had earlier penned an open letter to prime minister narendramodi over lynching incidents in the country.
;;0.3818;;an open letter which has been published on july 23 2019, and addressed to prime minister narendramodi has astonished us.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 2, 2018prime minister narendramodi pays tribute to sardar vallabhbhai patel under his newly-inaugurated statue 'stat.
;;0.7184;;darul uloom's powerful decision-making body shoora removed vastanvi as the rector on july 24 this year after he reportedly praised gujarat chief minister narendramodi for his development initiatives.
;;0.0;;he alleged, the central government led by prime minister narendramodi had a deal with corporates.
;;0.3612;;former mla and hooda loyalist raj kumar balmiki organised sundays rally, during which surjewala also took on the bjp-led nda government at the centre and prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.2263;;new delhi: the prime minister's office (pmo) on wednesday clarified over the tour programme of prime minister narendramodi 's delegation for april 12 which is being circulated on social media stating that the version was prepared before the latter's fast was announced.
;;0.7184;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday that a grand museum dedicated to all his predecessors will be built in the capital even as he took a dig at congress for trying to erase memories of all former prime ministers who didn't belong to the nehru-gandhi clan.
;;0.8481;;new delhi: defence minister nirmala sitharamans two-hour long reply on the debate over the rafale deal in lok sabha on friday won laurels from party colleagues, including prime minister narendramodi , as they shared her speech on their social media handles and claimed she had demolished the congress allegations.
;;0.296;;taking on prime minister narendramodi , siddaramaiah said, the pm has failed to fulfill the promises he made four years ago.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday asserted that india will not succumb to any pressure or influence in matters of national security, as he emphasised the importance his government gives to the armed forces.
;;0.0;;pti photomumbai: a day after prime minister narendramodi asked loudmouths to refrain from making statements on the ram temple issue while the judicial process is on, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on friday said his party's stand on the issue mirrored sentiments of hindus.
;;0.765;;gurdaspur: prime minister narendramodi modis rally here gave a godsend opportunity to bjps gurdaspur lok sabha ticket aspirants swaran salaria and kavita khanna, widow of former local mp vinod khanna.
;;0.0258;;irani said she wanted the congress to realise that jammu and kashmir and ladakh are an integral part of india and the citizens there wanted development to reach every household under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.4939;;top administrative officials on friday reviewed the security arrangement ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis proposed visit to palamu on january 5.
;;0.0;;explaining how it all started, he said, prime minister narendramodi had held a meeting of all ministries some time back where he asked all departments to use the full potential of space technology for the betterment of the common man.
;;-0.7351;;the politicians had also accused prime minister narendramodi and the ruling bjp of politicising the surgical strikes and the air strikes.
;;-0.1531;;rahul gandhi, who was congress vice-president then, had hailed pm narendramodi in his first reaction to the surgical strikes of september 29, 2016.
;;-0.5859;;rahul gandhi, as the then congress president, was equally critical of narendramodi after the balakot air strikes.
;;0.0;;the air force carried out the bombing it is narendramodi who did it (the air strike).
;;0.2235;;though the opposition leaders have not accused prime minister narendramodi of politicising the chandrayaan-2 moon mission, it may be too early to predict their next move.
;;0.4404;;the cm also thanked prime minister narendramodi on behalf of the farmers of haryana.
;;0.0;;she posted a photo of her berlin meeting with prime minister narendramodi , only to find it crawling with trolls.
;;0.5859;;the two-day dialogue, announced last summer when prime minister narendramodi had a successful meeting with president trump at the white house , was tentatively scheduled for april 18-19.
;;0.6249;;he also said prime minister narendramodi is committed to making the prestigious padma awards people's padma.
;;-0.296;;co/zxakhm1ygg  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1563866825000new delhi: putting out a categorical denial of us president donald trumps claim that he had been requested by prime minister narendramodi to mediate with pakistan on kashmir issue, external affairs minister s jaishankar on tuesday told the rajya sabha that the pm had made no such request.
;;0.0;;singapore: an orchid was named after prime minister narendramodi to mark his visit to the national orchid garden of singapore today.
;;0.0;;bhopal: aicc general secretary and former chief minister digvijaya singh on friday shot a letter to prime minister narendramodi on non-payment of mnrega dues to labourers and small businessmen in the state.
;;0.0;;however, the survey has not included the sabarmati riverfront from where prime minister narendramodi flew to dharoi dam near ambaji on a seaplane in december 2017.
;;0.0;;reportedly, prime minister narendramodi was on a one-day visit to maharashtra to inaugurate several projects including flagging off two trains (virtually), opening schools for tribals and launching a rail electrification project.
;;-0.2732;;naidu hit out at the centre saying the union government did not implement many things mentioned in the andhra pradesh reorganisation act - 2014, and many promises given by prime minister narendramodi the union government meted out injustice to the state even in the last budget.
;;-0.128;;prime minister narendramodi has set a target of cutting oil import bill by 10 per cent to 67 per cent by 2022 and to half by 2030.
;;0.5106;;new delhi: the bjp leaders on monday said the outcome of the assembly polls in gujarat and himachal pradesh is a vote for development and trust in prime minister narendramodi echoing his party's mood, pm modi flashed a victory sign after he arrived in parliament here.
;;0.5106;;this is a vote for development and trust for narendramodi , added union minister jitendra singh.
;;0.0;;this is the magic of our prime minister narendramodi , he said.
;;0.4019;;the ruling party, on its part, had roped in senior leaders, including prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, to counter the general perception, saying it was a lie spread by the opposition.
;;0.0387;;malkajgiri residents had even submitted a representation to prime minster narendramodi through the official public grievance portal, but the matter is far from being resolved.
;;0.5719;;co/ktmznrzvaz  narendramodi_in (@narendramodi_in) 1516175856000ahmedabad: prime minister narendramodi and his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu on wednesday held a roadshow in the city under a heavy security blanket as thousands of people lined up along the route to greet them.
;;0.8934;;singapore: describing the indo-pacific as a natural region, prime minister narendramodi has said that india's armed forces, especially the navy, are building and expanding partnerships in the strategically vital region for peace and security as well as humanitarian assistance.
;;0.743;;he praised the union government headed by prime minister narendramodi for enhancing the defence budget to rs three lakh crore to strengthen the countrys defence mechanism.
;;0.8442;;the approval to their demands by the central government came on wednesday evening following the clearance given by the cabinet headed by prime minister narendramodi all the gds in trichy postal region will report for duty tomorrow (thursday) as the cabinet approval gives us a new hope, said divisional secretary of national federation of postal employees s govindarajan on wednesday.
;;-0.5719;;ahmedabad: the nanavati commission is likely to summon chief minister narendramodi for questioning in connection with the post-godhra riots of 2002.
;;-0.7003;;the threat alarm was raised after prime minister narendramodi visited jaipur in 2015.
;;0.0;;tirupur: without obtaining permission from the district administration, more than 50 trees were uprooted from the venue in the city where prime minister narendramodi would address a public meeting organized by the bjp on february 10.
;;0.4019;;the victory belongs to the extensive campaign by narendramodi , party president amit shah and our chief ministerial candidate b.s. yeddyurappa, karandlaje said here.
;;0.6705;;he hailed the ayushman bharat yojana, rolled out by prime minister narendramodi and wanted the private hospitals to play a vital role in taking the schemes to the people.
;;-0.1531;;the genesis for establishing the university came from prime minister narendramodi when he stressed on urgent need for quality manpower in the rail sector.
;;0.0;;while campaigning for state polls in december last year, prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and up cm yogi adityanath had made reference about the nizam.
;;0.0;;puducherry: the opposition aiadmk has sought prime minister narendramodi to take appropriate steps to end the 'deadlock' between the lt governor kiran bedi and council of ministers of union territory of puducherry.
;;-0.8885;;coming down heavily on prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah , mevani said fascist forces conspired against him and firs were filed against him when violence broke out in koregaon, maharasthra, though he was not involved in it.
;;0.0;;surjewala said it was prime minister narendramodi who has been seen in the company of facebook chairperson mark zuckerberg.
;;0.7711;;shashi tharoor (ani photo)new delhi: facing flak from kerala congress over his statement praising prime minister narendramodi , congress mp shashi tharoor on tuesday said he has been a strong critic of the bjp-led government and urged his partymen to respect his approach even if they don't agree with it.
;;-0.5106;;vijayawada: andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu on thursday said he differed with prime minister narendramodi during the godhra riots when the latter was chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.1531;;land acquisition for the plant is currently underway as the chief minister plans to invite prime minister narendramodi and his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh haseena for its groundbreaking event next year.
;;0.128;;file photolucknow: seemingly mocking prime minister narendramodi 's election theme of a strong government versus a helpless one, bsp chief saturday claimed a majboor ruling alliance would actually have been better.
;;-0.5849;;the bsp workers claimed the conditions were very bad in purvanchal, the region from where prime minister narendramodi has been elected to the lok sabha and chief minister yogi adityanath has his 'karmabhumi' ( gorakhpur ).
;;0.0;;earlier the state used to have fewer roads but now, under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , we have roads connecting the remote corners of the state, he added.
;;-0.4019;;in 2012, his wife unsuccessfully contested the state assembly poll on congress' ticket against prime minister narendramodi from maninagar constituency in ahmedabad.
;;0.0;;on february 26, prime minister narendramodi unveiled the worlds largest gita weighing some 800 kg, at the iskcon temple situated in east of kailash, new delhi.
;;0.5574;;in september last year, prime minister narendramodi and his japanese counterpart, shinzo abe, had launched the ambitious high-speed rail project entailing a total cost of around rs 1.
;;0.5574;;trump jr, who will later this week share the stage with prime minister narendramodi at a business summit here, said that his company is very conscious of maintaining the value of its brand.
;;0.6124;;the high-powered panel comprising prime minister narendramodi , cji ranjan gogoi 's nominee justice a k sikri and leader of congress in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge had transferred verma out of the cbi in a split verdict on thursday.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi has announced roll out of several initiatives to get rid of single use plastic (sup) and the government has shared a detailed action plan for all ministries to achieve this goal.
;;0.4215;;co/hrz5pdtbsh  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1561779753000osaka: prime minister narendramodi on saturday held separate bilateral meetings with leaders of indonesia, brazil, turkey, australia, singapore and chile, and discussed a host of key issues including trade, counter-terrorism, defence, maritime security and sports.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi had said that after demonetisation, terrorism will stop but it has not happened.
;;0.7717;;as far as the deployment of security forces in the state is concerned, prime minister narendramodi , union home minister amit shah and national security advisor (nsa) ajit doval should better know about it, he said.
;;-0.8689;;beijing is miffed that prime minister narendramodi is not attending its showpiece one belt, one road (obor) summit later this week, while new delhi is worried that obors flagship project, the china pakistan economic corridor (cpec), runs through pok even as china dismisses concerns about pakistan-sponsored terrorism and aggressively asserts itself on india-china territorial disputes  as it did recently by conferring chinese names on cities in arunachal pradesh.
;;0.0;;in the swachh survekshan 2019, which was conducted in january, the ranking of prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency- varanasi had slipped to the 70th spot from 2018s 29th position.
;;0.7003;;co/y6pufijdkw  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1524249472000berlin: prime minister narendramodi on friday night said he had a wonderful meeting with german chancellor angela merkel and discussed multiple aspects relating to bilateral cooperation as well as other global issues.
;;0.6369;;sampla added that punjab cm wanted to claim credit for the corridor whereas the entire credit for this big decision went to the narendramodi government.
;;0.6369;;he urged prime minister narendramodi and foreign minister sushma swaraj to take up the matter with pakistan to ensure that the entry of kartarpur sahib corridor must be open for all devotees, for sikhs as well as hindus whosoever want to pay their obeisance at gurudwara sri kartarpur sahib on the occasion of celebrations of 550th birth anniversary of guru nanak dev ji.
;;-0.5574;;patiala: shiromani gurdwara parbandhak committee ( sgpc ) president gobind singh longowal has written prime minister narendramodi to have the unofficial ban on the entry of sikhs into gurdwara gurudongmar in sikkim.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi on friday asserted his government will not let the law to prevent atrocities on scs and sts to be diluted.
;;-0.811;;cheema blames centre for lack of assistancechandigarh: sultanpur lodhi mla navtej singh cheema has rued the fact that the centre has not promised any special financial assistance for the 550th birth anniversary celebration programmes despite chief minister captain amarinder singh writing to prime minister narendramodi in that regard.
;;0.0;;new delhi: india and china are preparing for a series of high-level interactions leading up to prime minister narendramodi modis visit for the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in june and both sides are expected to tone down some of the hardline approaches that have characterised bilateral relations in the past few months.
;;0.2263;;during friday's event in the temple town, the cm said prime minister narendramodi would visit jharkhand on may 25 for the ground-breaking ceremony of projects worth rs 52,700 crore.
;;-0.5106;;amaravati/new delhi: telugu desam (tdp) formally pulled out of the central government on thursday after a conversation between prime minister narendramodi and andhra pradesh cm n chandrababu naidu failed to reverse the downturn in ties between the allies a little more than a year ahead of the next lok sabha polls.
;;-0.6597;;former ministers in the atal bihari vajpayee cabinet, arun shourie and yashwant sinha, took on the modi government for its lunatic decisions such as demonetisation and the government fudging statistics while disgruntled bjp mp shatrughan sinha accused prime minister narendramodi of corruption in the rafale deal.
;;0.1027;;defence minister rajnath singh flagged off the yatra from kalka on august 18 and prime minister narendramodi will address the rally when it culminates in rohtak on september 8.
;;-0.2425;;new delhi: the government is looking to step up its oversight over three professional institutes , including the institute of chartered accountants of india icai ), for their failure to discipline errant auditors, despite being ticked off by prime minister narendramodi 15 months ago.
;;-0.2263;;bjp leader mukul roy apprised prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah about the incident, demanding a cbi enquiry.
;;0.25;;following the vision of prime minister narendramodi who has set a target of electrifying around 18,000 villages by 2019, we have also set up a deadline of 2018 to complete electrification of the district, he said.
;;-0.1531;;palaniswami's statement comes close on the heels of rebel leader o panneerselvam meeting prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on friday.
;;0.5574;;the visit was announced amid diplomatic efforts by both the countries to reset the relations on a positive mode with high-level visits including the expected visit of prime minister narendramodi to take part in the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit to be held in june at the chinese city of qingdao.
;;0.0258;;he is scheduled to meet prime minister narendramodi to discuss matters related to floods in the country.
;;0.4019;;he mentioned that even prime minister narendramodi has said that political parties are the most corrupt in country.
;;0.0;;he asked, adding, prime minister narendramodi must intervene.
;;-0.1531;;this story is from october 31, 2018kevadiya (gujarat): prime minister narendramodi on wednesday inaugurated an imposing 182-metre statue of sardar vallabhai patel, the world's tallest, and said it will serve as a reminder about his courage to thwart conspiracy to disintegrate india.
;;0.5267;;naidu exhorted prime minister narendramodi to do justice to the state.
;;0.8555;;prime minister narendramodi will launch the 'fit india movement', a nation-wide fitness programme to motivate citizens to take up at least one fitness activity on august 29 and rijiju said fitness is key to the overall development of a country.
;;-0.1531;;while sonia issued the first plea in the meeting of opposition parties on february 1, rahul took the cue to argue that state-level rivalries could be resolved for the larger battle against bjp led by prime minister narendramodi .
;;-0.7783;;file photobengaluru: former karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy stoked a major controversy on thursday by suggesting that prime minister narendramodi 's presence at the isro headquarters on september 6 could have proved a 'bad omen' as the soft landing of moon lander vikram failed.
;;0.836;;3 crore received through the seoul peace prize by prime minister narendramodi after he wrote to finance minister nirmala sitharaman on august 11 saying he wished to pay income tax on the amount like all other tax-payers in the country.
;;-0.6369;;hyderabad: senior congress leader and former mp v hanumanth rao on friday charged the ruling trs and the bjp with indulging in a friendly-fight and demanded that union defence minister nirmala sitaraman and bjp seek an open apology from chief minister k chandrasekhar rao for his slip of tongue remark against prime minister narendramodi the two parties levelling criticism and counter criticism against each other is only a drama.
;;0.7351;;the platform has shown doctors joining hands like never before and express their thoughts on issues, whether it was prime minister narendramodi modis remarks on indian doctors in london or celebrating a fellow doctors achievement or exemplary work, lybrate said.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi , the chancellor of the university, addressed the problem in his speech and apologised for the incovenience.
;;-0.4404;;addressing a bharatiya janata yuva morcha rally at lakhimpur, about 400 km from here, shah said only prime minister narendramodi has the political will to respond to such attacks through both diplomatic and military channels.
;;0.34;;the narendramodi government never compromises on the country's security.
;;-0.4939;;be it kashmir or the northeast, our government is determined to uproot terrorism because at the centre, we have the narendramodi government, not a congress government .
;;0.1779;;mumbai: armed with the success in its 'sangharsha yatra' to press the demand for a farm loan waiver, the congress will now launch a statewide agitation to demand a rollback in petrol prices from may 26, on the day prime minister narendramodi completes three years in office.
;;0.7096;;after his government pulled the beacon privileges, prime minister narendramodi tweeted that every indian is a vip.
;;0.2023;;washington: a top american lawmaker has urged his congressional colleagues to attend prime minister narendramodi 's public address in houston later this month, according to a media report.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: pm narendramodi is likely to visit the city on february 28 to inaugurate the new campus of the ahmedabad civil hospital .
;;0.0258;;on the instructions of prime minister narendramodi , his principal secretary nripendra mishra forwarded it to nine secretaries to look into the matter, including the roads department secretary.
;;0.6249;;tung, who was attending the et global business summit in the capital, said he was also impressed by prime minister narendramodi modis vision for a $10-trillion economy with a focus on leveraging technology and startups.
;;0.7543;;ludhiana: the bjp governments last budget may not have gone down well with the micro, small and medium enterprises (msme) sector, but punjabs big business houses are all praise for prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley for refraining from announcing a populist budget.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will be busy attending the bjps national executive meet on january 12, vice-chairperson of the goa state infrastructure development corporation (gsidc), sidharth kuncalienker, said.
;;0.0258;;earlier, the union cabinet, headed by prime minister narendramodi , had a hour-long meeting, where the top leadership is believed to have discussed issues concerning jammu and kashmir the key meeting was held after mobile internet services were suspended in jammu, in view of the prevailing security situation in the region.
;;0.0;;the mission life of orbiter will be one year whereas the mission life of lander (vikram) and rover (pragyan) will be one lunar day which is equal to fourteen earth days prime minister narendramodi will be at the isro today around midnight to watch the event.
;;0.8885;;new delhi: india reaffirmed its support to palestine on tuesday with prime minister narendramodi telling palestinian president mahmoud abbas that he hoped to see the realisation of a sovereign, independent, united and viable palestine, co-existing peacefully with israel.
;;0.5423;;a day after cbse decided against holding a retest for class x maths paper, students wrote to prime minister narendramodi on wednesday, stating that this decision has killed all our hopes for justice and faith in the entire educational system.
;;0.1665;;new delhi: there is nothing wrong about raising aspirations and expectations as this is an expression of faith and a negative atmosphere is not conducive to achievement, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday in response to a students question on how he dealt with the weight of public expectation.
;;0.0;;the congress leader had said he had spoken to prime minister narendramodi , kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan wayanad district collector and congress workers in the state on the flood situation in his constituency.
;;0.1027;;the triple talaq bill could not make it through the upper house earlier this year during the first term of prime minister narendramodi 's government, although it was passed by lok sabha the bill was again passed by lok sabha last week amid a walkout by several opposition parties including the congress and the trinamool congress.
;;0.4588;;this story is from october 21, 2018new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday inaugurated and dedicated to the nation a refurbished national police memorial and a newly-built museum for the khaki-donning forces.
;;-0.6369;;co/8ln1y9sehg  pib india (@pib_india) 1516000930000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday held delegation-level talks with his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu during which they discussed a range of key issues including defence, trade and terrorism.
;;0.0;;new delhi: khelo india school games (kisg), a government initiative with focus on reviving the sports culture at the grassroots and establishing the country as a sporting nation, will kick off from wednesday, with prime minister narendramodi consenting to preside over the opening ceremony at the indira gandhi indoor (igi) stadium in the evening.
;;0.4939;;mumbai: nearly six months after the proposal was cleared by the lenders board, the union cabinet  chaired by prime minister narendramodi  approved hdfc banks rs 24,000-crore equity issue, which is the largest capital-raising by any private entity.
;;0.0;;during the event, he said he would be meeting prime minister narendramodi and other ministers on june 5 in delhi where he would discuss concerns regarding plastic pollution.
;;0.0;;he said the development of north eastern region (doner) is the only region-based ministry in the government and in the past five years it has given due priority to the development of this region under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , the statement said.
;;0.3612;;read morevladivostok: prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the sanctions imposed by the us on russia have no effect on india bolstering cooperation with moscow in strategic sectors like energy and defence.
;;0.3182;;referring to his recent conversation with prime minister narendramodi , he said the fantastic man informed him that india has reduced tariffs on imported motorcycles, but the us was getting nothing.
;;-0.4588;;we are hopeful that kartarpur corridor will bring the two countries nearer and our miseries will be put to an end by seeking the whereabouts of the prisoners and ensuring their early return to their families, kour said, making an emotional appeal to prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj for securing the release of the prisoners.
;;0.0;;this year prime minister narendramodi had decided that india should participate in the next pisa and chose chandigarh.
;;-0.6486;;in one case, an rss worker has dragged him to court for allegedly linking the murder of journalist gauri lankesh to ideology of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh and bjp, while the other case is about his remark against prime minister narendramodi over the rafale fighter jet deal.
;;0.7783;;mahajan said india's integrity is safe under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi we all need to strengthen the hands of the prime minister by joining with maximum numbers.
;;0.0;;his visit will take him to varanasi and chennai apart from holding discussions with prime minister narendramodi and president ram nath kovind .
;;0.4019;;chennai: aligning with the bjp would help veteran actor rajinikanth assume power in tamil nadu , according to thuglaq magazine editor s gurumurthy , who said that the combination of prime minister narendramodi and rajinikanth would do wonders for people of tamil nadu.
;;-0.6908;;new delhi: accusing the bjp of promoting a cult of violence, cpm general secretary sitaram yechury on thursday slammed the ruling party leaders for dismissing the concerns expressed by 49 eminent people in a letter to prime minister narendramodi over mob violence and incidents of lynching.
;;-0.1779;;ani imagebiarritz: prime minister narendramodi on monday held wide-ranging talks with senegal president macky sall here and the two leaders discussed ways to strengthen bilateral ties in various sectors, including cooperation in combating terrorism modi met sall on the sidelines of the g-7 summit in this southwestern french city and stressed upon strengthening ties with an important african partner.
;;0.296;;this story is from november 9, 2018new delhi: in his first visit as the prime minister, narendramodi will travel to male on november 17 to attend the swearing-in ceremony of new maldivian president, indicating an attempt to mend bilateral ties, which nosedived during the outgoing abdulla yameen government.
;;-0.4767;;the union government led by prime minister narendramodi has introduced several welfare schemes to poor and dalits in the past four years.
;;-0.5106;;kasu was abducted from dharampenta in sukma district on saturday at the same time that prime minister narendramodi was in jangla, bijapur, 150km away, inaugurating development projects.
;;-0.2023;;people are fed up with the fake promises of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath, said nanda while claiming that the bjp-led union and state governments have been exposed.
;;0.0;;jalandhar: prime minister narendramodi has a date with three nobel laureates at a private university in jalandhar on january 3.
;;0.7579;;this story is from november 10, 2018prime minister narendramodi (pti file photo)raipur: prime minister narendramodi on friday lashed out at congress, accusing the party of trying to protect urban naxals facing legal action initiated by the government and said maoists enjoying city comforts were ruining the lives of poor tribals in remote areas.
;;0.0;;still, union minister giriraj singh linked the incident to the naming of a square after prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.128;;bengaluru: the startup india initiative, launched three years ago by prime minister narendramodi , has allocated just under 20  of its rs 10,000-crore corpus to venture capital (vc) funds.
;;0.802;;horatti told reporters that he would discuss the farmers concerns with opposition leader in the legislative assembly jagadish shettar and impress upon him the need to hold discussions with party leaders to clarify whether the saffron party can prevail upon prime minister narendramodi to intervene in the mahadayi dispute and resolve it.
;;0.34;;agra: prime minister narendramodi will address a public rally  his first after the union cabinet gave its approval for 10  reservation in education and government jobs for the poor among upper castes  here today to kick-start his partys poll campaign in uttar pradesh where caste equations have always played a major role.
;;0.0;;jaishankar is accompanying prime minister narendramodi for the g20 summit being held in this japanese port city.
;;-0.1027;;this story is from november 1, 2018members of sardar patels family at the statue of unity venue in kevadiya on wednesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citykevadiya (narmada): the unveiling of worlds tallest statue  the statue of unity  by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday acted as a re-union of sorts for the family of sardar patel in whose memory the imposing artwork has been constructed.
;;-0.5106;;the union government under prime minister narendramodi has failed in all fronts.
;;-0.5023;;but there has been no improvement in the situation till now due to off and on rebukes by the bjp leadership and there is no guarantee either of it in future, said the bsp president in her tweet in hindi the bsp supremo's remarks came a day after prime minister narendramodi 's stern warning to his party men against instances of arrogance and misbehaviour.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee tuesday excused herself from the scheduled meeting of prime minister narendramodi with political party chiefs here on wednesday, while asking the government to prepare a white paper on 'one nation, one election' instead of doing it hurriedly.
;;0.5423;;bihar chief minister nitish kumar, during his meeting with aasu on thursday, has also expressed his opposition to the proposed legislation and promised to convince prime minister narendramodi to scrap the bill.
;;0.4497;;at a swacch bharat programme in champaran recently, prime minister narendramodi strongly endorsed kumar's leadership but recent comments point to an early start to the seat-sharing negotiations which will be challenging as jd(u) has only two mps having contested independently in 2014.
;;0.2023;;earlier, the union cabinet, headed by prime minister narendramodi , had a hour-long meeting, where the top leadership is believed to have discussed issues concerning jammu and kashmir.
;;0.5709;;asserted that minorities are feeling completely safe under prime minister narendramodi 's leadership as he has not indulged in any political exploitation of minorities for votes and has done development without discrimination.
;;-0.6369;;kolkata: chief minister mamata banerjee on friday rebutted prime minister narendramodi modis accusations one by one, reserving for pointed criticism his unilateral inauguration of the calcutta high courts jalpaiguri circuit bench.
;;0.2023;;the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , in november last year gave 'in-principle' approval for sale of shares which are part of 'enemy property'.
;;0.0;;co/lzfzfgykud  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1527923187000singapore: prime minister narendramodi , who is on a three-day tour to singapore, on saturday visited the changi naval base and met officers and sailors of the indian navy and royal singapore navy.
;;0.0;;it is expected that the next delhi metro corridor to be opened will be the kalkaji mandir-janakpuri west corridor of the magenta line, the first section of which was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on december 25.
;;0.0;;the gmpf will also submit the petition to prime minister narendramodi , president ram nath kovind, chief minister manohar parrikar , congress president rahul gandhi, bjp president amit shah and others.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the bjp will observe ' seva saptah ' from september 14 to mark the birthday of prime minister narendramodi , a senior leader said on thursday.
;;0.3804;;prime minister narendramodi (ap photo)1/2 #cong highly responsible &v restrained post #pulwama.
;;-0.4939;;new delhi: the congress on tuesday attacked the government over the pulwama terror strike , alleging huge security lapses, and asked prime minister narendramodi to walk the talk.
;;0.0;;pm modi and iranian president rouhani (file photo)bishkek: prime minister narendramodi on friday could not hold a bilateral meeting with iranian president hassan rouhani on the sidelines of the sco summit here due to scheduling issues, official sources said.
;;-0.3182;;jodhpur/jaisalmer: the kharwal community has decided to boycott prime minister narendramodi when he comes to pachpadra for foundation stone laying ceremony on january 16.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 8, 2019prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated the 106th edition of the indian science congress at a jalandhar u.
;;0.5719;;the government's flagship health insurance scheme  launched by prime minister narendramodi on september 23 in ranchi  aims to provide an annual health cover of rs 5 lakh per family to around 50 crore beneficiaries from nearly 10.
;;0.2924;;new delhi: congress president rahul gandhi on monday alleged that prime minister narendramodi , trs chief k chandrasekhar rao and aimim leader asaduddin owaisi were one and urged the people of telangana to not be fooled by them.
;;0.8519;;national leaders, cutting across parties, from prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee as well as several regional party leaders joined in to convey their wishes to karunanidhi, considered to be the tallest regional party leader in the country at present.
;;0.6808;;senior singla, who passed away earlier this year, had good relationship with prime minister narendramodi and the cm and therefore junior singla may be considered by the party for the gurugram seat, sources said.
;;-0.296;;puducherry: the opposition aiadmk has sought prime minister narendramodi to take appropriate steps to end the 'deadlock' between the lt governor kiran bedi and council of ministers of union territory of puducherry in a memorandum submitted to modi during his visit, the four aiadmk mlas said 'hatred and disharmony prevailing between the lg and council of ministers' had paralyzed the administration and the 'interest and welfare of people has become the casualty'.
;;-0.6369;;the complainant also says that bapu once wrote a post on social media against prime minister narendramodi in his written complaint to the police, saiyed stated that bapu was imposing the unwanted sharia.
;;0.0;;the decision to make river conservation a school lesson was taken under the state government's action plan for narmada after the conclusion of narmada seva yatra in the presence of prime minister narendramodi on may 15.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi recently announced the nal se jal scheme which aims to ensure piped safe drinking water for every household in next five years.
;;0.4588;;in fact, prime minister narendramodi recently set out 10 guiding principles to enhance our engagement with africa.
;;-0.4939;;co/kc7ogabjuv  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1542604640000new delhi: ahead of the crucial rbi board meeting , congress president rahul gandhi monday accused prime minister narendramodi of destroying institutions and hoped reserve bank governor urjit patel has a spine and will show the prime minister his place.
;;0.0;;the has already written to prime minister narendramodi , seeking a special package of rs 1,000 crore to address losses resulting from the floods in punjab.
;;0.0;;read more(this story originally appeared in on aug 22, 2019)iaf needs 42 squadronsnew delhi: france is likely to offer additional rafale aircraft to india during prime minister narendramodi modis upcoming visit to the european country for the g-7 summit on thursday, sources told et.
;;-0.743;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday accused the opposition of divisive politics and announced that bjp mps will observe a fast on april 12 to protest the impasse in parliament, for which he blamed the congress.
;;0.4019;;on thursday, a delegation comprising national conference president farooq abdullah, former chief minister omar abdullah and a party mp met prime minister narendramodi and urged him not to take any step which may lead to deterioration in the law and order situation in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;a close associate of prime minister narendramodi , jaitley had his ear when it came to sensitive political issues.
;;0.872;;while the sabre award for 'best government communications campaign in asia-pacific' was given in singapore on november 3, a team of senior apco executives met chief minister narendramodi on thursday to share the trophy.
;;-0.6124;;protests against the bill were also held in other districts, with agitators burning effigies of prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh.
;;0.0;;in panchkula, youth congress leader saurav garg, women congress leader sudha bhardwaj and others burnt the effigy of prime minister narendramodi and bjp amit shah president.
;;-0.6808;;chandigarh: alleging that narendramodi led central government has been desperately working to destroy the autonomy of independent bodies like cbi, chandigarh congress along with the congress units of punjab and haryana held protest outside the cbi office in the city on friday.
;;-0.7845;;meerut: a junior bank manager posted at district co-operative bank (dcb) here in meerut was suspended after an internal probe found him guilty of making inappropriate remarks against prime minister narendramodi and former finance minister arun jaitley during trade union protest on january 9.
;;-0.6066;;tnn he further said that chief minister narendramodi has never given any importance to the villages or the panchayat, but now when he is realizing that he was losing grounds just before the elections, he had decided to organize panchayat mahaparishad.
;;0.3612;;new delhi, feb 27 () pitching for foreign investments, prime minister narendramodi today said india is one of the most open economies in the world and is ready to do business with the world.
;;-0.3818;;chandigarh: stating that the goods and services tax (gst) on langar served at gurdwaras has hurt sikh sentiments worldwide, union food processing minister harsimrat kaur badal has apprised prime minister narendramodi of the urgent need to waive off gst on langar.
;;0.4019;;i requested the home minister to prevail upon prime minister narendramodi to soften his heart on the special status to the state.
;;0.0;;the home minister also referred to prime minister narendramodi , former prime minister atal bihar vajpayee and late external affairs minister sushma swaraj who delivered their speeches in un general assembly in hindi.
;;-0.25;;however, after receiving no response in the matter from police, they filed a fresh complaint on december 30 with prime minister narendramodi , union health minister j p nadda, union minister for women and child development maneka gandhi , chief minister manohar lal khattar, vij, state law minister captain abhimanyu, registrars of delhi and haryana medical councils and the medical council of india (mci).
;;0.5178;;responding to a question on the prime minister narendramodi not visiting the affected areas, he said the compliant holds good.
;;0.0;;at the concluding function of the yatra prime minister narendramodi too had expressed concern over pollution in narmada and called for its conservation.
;;0.4404;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday asked the railways to focus on punctuality of trains and to make the journey safe for passengers.
;;-0.6124;;he said prime minister narendramodi has given clear directions to the country on saturday that there is no fight against kashmiris but that it is a fight for kashmir.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will release on friday commemorative stamps on 12 modern masters in the field of traditional indian systems of medicine and yoga to celebrate their unsung legacy, officials said on thursday.
;;0.1027;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday approved ex-gratia relief of rs 2 lakh each for the kin of those killed in the thunderstorm that hit various north indian states, particularly uttar pradesh and rajasthan , on may 2.
;;-0.5859;;capdownload the times of india news app for latest citysurat: federation of indian art silk weaving industry (fiaswi) has written to prime minister narendramodi saying that anti-dumping duty on imported nylon filament yarn will ruin man-made fibre sector.
;;0.3818;;we have requested prime minister narendramodi to revoke anti-dumping duty on nylon yarn to protect powerloom weaving industry from the onslaught of local yarn manufacturers.
;;0.4019;;as soon as the speech got over, kovind walked up to the first row where prime minister narendramodi , union ministers and floor leaders of parties were sitting.
;;0.4939;;new delhi: india and vietnam agreed to cooperate on nuclear energy, trade and agriculture as prime minister narendramodi held talks with the president of vietnam, tran dai quang here on saturday.
;;-0.2263;;gandhinagar: chief minister narendramodi has demanded that the headquarters of delhi-mumbai industrial corridor (dmic) be shifted from new delhi to ahmedabad.
;;0.0;;a copy of the letter has also been sent to prime minister narendramodi , finance minister nirmala sitharaman, civil aviation minister hardeep singh puri and commerce minister piyush goyal among others.
;;0.25;;surat: wrapping up the campaigning for the first phase of elections, prime minister narendramodi launched a broadside against congress, saying party which knows nothing about development has no right to ask the account for bjp rule in gujarat.
;;-0.5423;;in a dramatic escalation of hostility between state congress chief adhir chowdhury and trinamool congress chief mamata banerjee, the former has petitioned prime minister narendramodi against alleged rigging of local elections.
;;-0.743;;banerjee, wrapped in a brown woollen shawl, began a sit-in right in front of the metro cinema to protest insults she faced at the hands of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, hours after the detention of the cbi team.
;;-0.1027;;congress president rahul gandhi on sunday spoke to banerjee and expressed his support to her sit-in against the centre over cbi move in the state, saying the happenings in bengal were part of the unrelenting attack on india's institutions by prime minister narendramodi and the bjp.
;;0.2023;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi was once again the top newsmaker in india in the year 2018, according to the yahoo year in review list.
;;0.0;;he is known to have espoused the cause of farmers, something which was repeatedly referred to by prime minister narendramodi in his election speeches.
;;0.4939;;the national conference chief, who was recently called to new delhi by prime minister narendramodi for a discussion on kashmir, said modi wanted a peaceful end to the situation in the state, reeling under unrest for months.
;;0.765;;in his 3-minute speech in punjabi, loaded with famous dialogues from his bollywood films, sunny emphasised that if gurdaspur parliamentary constituency votes for him, it will ultimately result in prime minister narendramodi modis win.
;;0.4939;;mdmk chief vaiko in a statement attacked the nda government at the centre as well as prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah for not setting up the board as they want to win the karnataka assembly election.
;;-0.1548;;the bjp leaders claim that there is no doubt that after prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, yogi is the most popular leader pan-india.
;;0.8271;;naik, whose statement comes days after prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president promised farmers of karnataka during an election rally to resolve the issue, with shah setting a six-month deadline to find a solution, said, neither shah nor pm narendramodi have made such a promise.
;;-0.4767;;in 2014, prime minister narendramodi had defeated aap's arvind kejriwal by a margin of 3.
;;-0.25;;vijayawada: andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu on sunday attacked prime minister narendramodi , saying he is a campaign pm who has failed to deliver on promises and said the bjp would definitely not come to power in 2019.
;;0.0772;;naidu said the bjp coming to power in 2019 was a distant dream and prime minister narendramodi was a campaign pm, who gives slogans only, and has failed to deliver on promises.
;;0.6705;;naidu and his party have in the past accused prime minister narendramodi of reneging on his election promise made in 2014 to accord special category status to andhra pradesh.
;;0.0;;the chief minister also spoke to ministers about his meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi and discussed with them the arrangements for the mgr centenary celebrations.
;;-0.6908;;co/glmvazhg97  karnataka congress (@inckarnataka) 1564542130000new delhi: congress leader abhishek singhvi on wednesday accused prime minister narendramodi of betraying the people who voted for an independent and hassle-free economy.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: chief minister arvind kejriwal on friday sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention in the execution of the aap governments cctv project as it was related to women safety and should be above politics in a letter to modi, kejriwal sought an appointment with the pm and requested him to direct lieutenant governor anil baijal to allow the installation of cctv cameras.
;;0.0;;eshwarappa is heavily banking upon the polarization of votes and prime minister narendramodi to weave his magic to see him through.
;;0.4767;;hyderabad: even as prime minister narendramodi delivered the opening plenary at the annual world economic forum (we) in davos on monday to portray india as the go-to destination for business, telangana it and industries minister kt rama rao tried to woo the nri community in zurich to invest in the state.
;;0.8447;;let us see what the future holds, but i want to pay my respects to mr advani and joshi, because 30 years ago, when it was not fashionable, they were pioneers of hindu power and led the way for the coming of the bjp and mr narendramodi to form this strong government that is now spreading its wings all over india.
;;0.7814;;let us hope that mr narendramodi will effect in india a tremendous transformation, that will recognise that not only hindus have the overwhelming majority in this country, but that hinduism is the only religion today that accepts and respects all the other religions of the world, including islam.
;;-0.296;;new delhi: the indian science congress association (isca) on saturday said the postponement of the indian science congress has no relation to prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the event which was scheduled to be held at osmania university, hyderabad, during january 3-7.
;;0.0;;the 105th isc was to be inaugurated by pm narendramodi on the campus of the osmania university on january 3.
;;0.2023;;beijing: the wuhan summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping could be as significant as the one between former premier rajiv gandhi and then leader of china deng xiaoping in 1988, the official chinese media commented on tuesday.
;;-0.25;;noida: a day ahead of the visit of prime minister narendramodi to noida for the inauguration of the magenta line of delhi metro from the botanical garden metro station, the noida golf course management has cancelled the christmas celebrations scheduled on december 25 due to unavoidable circumstances.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)      -    ,           https://t.
;;0.7783;;co/fcvmkazw89  narendramodi (@narendramodi) 1568436102000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday said the hindi language has beautifully incorporated simplicity, spontaneity and elegance that provide meaningfulness to expression.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi during his recent visit to the diamond city had announced construction of water aerodromes in tapi for seaplane services connecting surat with statue of unity (sou) under udan-3 scheme.
;;-0.1027;;hours after bjp won a hard fought victory in gujarat , prime minister narendramodi reached out to the patel community, unhappy with the saffron party over the non-fulfilment of its quota demand, and said bygones should be bygones and no effort should be spared to unite all gujaratis.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (ap photo)houston: howdy, modi!
;;0.0;;, the community event to be addressed by prime minister narendramodi here next month has been sold out with over 50,000 people registering for the programme, the organisers said.
;;-0.4939;;immediately after chief minister edappadi k palaniswami presented a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi detailing the damage wreaked by gaja, the centre constituted an inter-ministerial team on november 20.
;;0.4215;;chennai: amidst indications of growing bonhomie between the bjp and the edappadi k palaniswami dispensation in tamil nadu, aiadmk (puratchi thalaivi amma) leaders led by o panneerselvam on friday called on prime minister narendramodi , seeking to convey that 'all is well' between 'them'.
;;0.6808;;stating that there are many financial and other irregularities in the temple administration, dikshitulu told toi over phone from chennai that he has sent copies of a memorandum seeking a probe into the functioning of the ttd administration and the state governments role to president ram nath kovind , prime minister narendramodi and chief justice of the supreme court dipak mishra the state government and ttd are making a big mistake by nominating priests who do not know anything about the temple and the lord.
;;-0.4215;;jamtara ( jharkhand ): union home minister amit shah on wednesday said prime minister narendramodi showed pakistan its place by abrogating article 370 and 35a and established that jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india.
;;0.296;;event in houston on sunday, where he would join prime minister narendramodi in addressing the 50,000-strong indian diaspora.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 26, 2018prime minister narendramodi may attend the celebrations.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi may attend the celebrations.
;;-0.2263;;jaihind had on thursday written to prime minister narendramodi demanding concrete steps to curb sexual crimes.
;;0.6486;;kumaraswamy also met prime minister narendramodi and thanked the centre for giving clearance to the state government to prepare a detailed project report on the mekedatu project.
;;0.0;;he says he has written to prime minister narendramodi and chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.4019;;claiming that bjps downfall has already begun  he claimed it is evident in the behaviour of prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah  he said: for the first time after 2014, the anti-bjp voice is getting louder and anti-bjp parties are coming together.
;;-0.4404;;the indian government has denied trump's astonishing claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate.
;;0.4588;;madurai: prime minister narendramodi on sunday sought to defend the 10  reservation for the economically weaker sections in tamil nadu, where it met with stiff opposition from all quarters, promising that the quota will not affect those who enjoy reservation at present.
;;-0.8625;;whatever group they form out of fear and negativity, narendramodi will stand firmly with the poor.
;;0.3612;;on the initiative of prime minister narendramodi , the unisdr is jointly hosting the deliberations with multilateral agencies like world bank, asian development bank, new development bank, besides japan, germany, australia, malaysia, thailand, nepal, bhutan and the netherlands.
;;0.8214;;as the idea impressed prime minister narendramodi during an interaction with young bureaucrats last year, health ministry was asked to work on the project so that precious lives can be saved during road accidents.
;;-0.3182;;while the bjp has been aggressively posting speeches and pictures of prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah among others, the congress is content with speeches and clicks of the activities conducted by aicc national president rahul gandhi.
;;0.0;;bhopal: prime minister narendramodi and chief minister shivraj singh chouhan will soon be part of kitchen decor in the houses of 2.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi launched the membership drive from his lok sabha constituency varanasi last week.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, bjp telangana minority morcha vice president qavi abbasi, along with bjp spokesperson mir firasat ali baqri, distributed 300 kites bearing a picture of prime minister narendramodi among tourists and locals at charminar.
;;0.7845;;prime minister narendramodi and the nda government must be applauded for having firmly put an end to this undemocratic practice instead of merely nibbling away at vip quotas, which is a way of ensuring they can be reinstated later.
;;0.7992;;the patel revolt may have failed in stopping bjps return to power in gujarat but its success in slowing down the saffron party led by prime minister narendramodi may resonate with quota warriors elsewhere even as the limits of caste mobilisation seem apparent.
;;0.0;;i have joined the bjp because of the progressive thinking of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister trivendra singh rawat.
;;-0.5106;;we have given them an ultimatum as the government has failed to meet our demands, several of which we had raised in may last year, modi, the brother of prime minister narendramodi , said.
;;0.6678;;qingdao: prime minister narendramodi today said only 6 per cent of foreign tourists in india are from the sco countries and this number could easily be doubled as he underlined the need to boost tourism among members of the grouping.
;;-0.4588;;shimla: the congress on saturday held protest demonstrations across the state to protest against the four years of nda government headed by prime minister narendramodi as vishwasghat diwas (the day of betrayal).
;;0.6124;;the centre played the role of a facilitator, she said, laying emphasis on prime minister narendramodi modis initiatives to ensure systemic reforms.
;;-0.5106;;mumbai: senior congress leader and former union minister of state for home rpn singh has said the three-year-old nda government of prime minister narendramodi has failed on all fronts.
;;0.0;;new delhi/agra: a day after its flag-off by prime minister narendramodi , the vande bharat express developed a technical snag on saturday morning on its return journey from varanasi to the national capital.
;;0.7425;;prime minister narendramodi has taken many big decisions in favour of national sentiments and i am hugely impressed with that.
;;0.0129;;prime minister narendramodi pledged to electrify every home, a promise that helped in his re-election this year but one that could prove costly for state utilities unless businesses purchase more electricity.
;;0.6249;;the party said prime minister narendramodi waived off the requirement of sovereign guarantee from france despite insistence from the law ministry and the then defence minister that it be sought.
;;0.0;;sadhu-bet island (gujarat) : prime minister narendramodi inaugurated sardar vallabhbhai patels statue of unity on the occasion his 143rd birth anniversary on wednesday.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, hazare told the reporters that he had received a letter (dated january 25) from prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0258;;(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will address representatives, including ministers, from 196 countries at un conference to combat desertification, which is to be organised at greater noida , near national capital delhi, from september 2-13.
;;0.6486;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday said asia has emerged as a promising region for media businesses and offers opportunities for international cooperation.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 6, 2019rajasthan chief minister ashok gehlot with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;jaipur: chief minister ashok gehlot met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on tuesday.
;;-0.8225;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday night expressed anguish over the boat tragedy and prayed for the safe return of those missing.
;;0.4588;;external affairs minister jaishankar's talks with wang will also focus on the finalisation of arrangements for chinese president xi jinping 's visit to india later this year for a second informal summit with prime minister narendramodi the first such summit last year at wuhan city had set the stage for all round improvement of bilateral ties.
;;-0.1027;;while former lok sabha mp anwhar rajhaa opposed the controversial triple talaq bill thrice in the lower house, and termed it barbaric, kumar on thursday said the amendment bill was a commitment of the union government headed by prime minister narendramodi to give equal power to women in society.
;;0.0;;in gujarati, vadgam is village of banyan trees and vadnagar is town of banyan trees, now famous as prime minister narendramodi modis hometown.
;;0.0;;the idea of aagc had emerged in a joint declaration issued by prime minister narendramodi and his japanese counterpart, shinzo abe , in november 2016.
;;0.4404;;as the aroma of the khichdi wafted into the air, the bjp leaders tried to impress upon the crowds as to how prime minister narendramodi had done more for dalits than any other government in the past 60 years.
;;-0.3818;;vadnagar: congress vice-president rahul gandhi on saturday took the gujarat election battle to prime minister narendramodi 's hometown, vadnagar.
;;0.0;;addressing the vadnagar rally, rahul said: when nothing worked, narendramodi on friday made a full speech only on narendramodi modi!
;;0.6249;;sehore: asserting that saving kashmir is their prime focus, senior congress leader digvijaya singh has appealed prime minister narendramodi , union home minister amit shah and national security advisor (nsa) ajit doval to act thoughtfully or else kashmir will slip out of our hands.
;;0.0;;dibrugarh: preparations are on full swing at kareng bali ghat, where prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the bogibeel bridge on december 25.
;;0.0;;co/xwqsz1fpi1  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1566455377000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday emplaned for paris for the first leg of his three-nation visit to france, the uae and bahrain from august 22 to 26.
;;0.8779;;ruling telugu desam will take up protests in tirupati in the name of ' dharma portam ' where the party will play videos of prime minister narendramodi 's speech during last elections promising that all assurances to ap will be fulfilled.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister narendramodi arrived here on tuesday to attend the concluding ceremony of the champaran satyagraha's of centenary celebrations in motihari.
;;0.7096;;the 92-day-long clean morna river campaign, a citizens initiative that began on january 13 in akola, was praised by prime minister narendramodi on mann ki baat.
;;-0.6486;;chandigarh: haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar on sunday said fear of losing elections was making congress leaders avoid seeking votes in the name of their party president rahul gandhi even as his predecessor and senior congress leader bhupinder singh hooda alleged that bjp was asking for votes in the name of prime minister narendramodi as it had nothing to show for its performance.
;;0.0;;washington dc: us president donald trump plans to hold discussions on kashmir and human rights with prime minister narendramodi this weekend at the g7 summit in biarritz.
;;-0.4404;;following trump's initial offer to mediate on kashmir, last month, new delhi then had also categorically denied his request, saying that prime minister narendramodi had never requested the us president to meditate on the issue.
;;0.0;;shivraj singh chouhan did not listen to prime minister narendramodi , who is opposed to dynastic rule.
;;0.0;;his ministry will seek time from prime minister narendramodi to lay the foundation stone for delhi-mumbai expressway project.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to address a rally in silchar on friday and it remains to be seen if he refers to the issue.
;;-0.6597;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi has suggested a nine-point agenda to tackle the menace of fugitive economic offenders and sought strong and active cooperation across g20 countries to deal with the menace of fugitive economic offenders.
;;-0.2023;;the accused, who was wearing a khakhi dress, told rathod that he was in police force and was on duty when prime minister narendramodi had reached dharoi dam through a sea plane.
;;0.7964;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi today hoped the winter session of parliament will be a productive one with constructive debates and innovative suggestions that will help resolve the country's problems.
;;-0.0258;;the minister fell ill during the meeting of the parliamentary party, in which prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah were also present, in the parliament complex.
;;0.296;;activists who have raised the demand for a special status for the town said that even prime minister narendramodi had pressed for the inclusion of the town in the jawaharlal nehru national urban renewal mission (jnnurm) when he was the chief minister.
;;0.6908;;bengaluru: in a bid to woo voters in this years general elections, the bjp has hit upon the idea of using cricket and kabaddi to connect with youth and popularise prime minister narendramodi modis achievements.
;;0.0;;new delhi: india and south africa will announce a roadmap for their strategic partnership on friday when visiting south african president cyril ramaphosa holds talks with prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0;;he further urged the people of ap to give prime minister narendramodi the cold shoulder on his tour to the state.
;;-0.8779;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday condemned the blast in manchester in the uk which killed at least 19 people and injured around 50.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the country will need to grow by 9 per cent every year for five years continuously and raise aggregate investment rate to 38 per cent of gdp to achieve prime minister narendramodi 's target of turning india into a $ 5 trillion economy, ey has said.
;;0.0;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , a copy of which is with toi, singh lambasted his own government for not doing a single work for the welfare of dalits in its four years in power.
;;0.2023;;when narendramodi became the pm and made a statement that the bjp government will work for the welfare of the poor, dalits and obcs, it created hope in the heart of us all.
;;0.0;;mahametro is in a hurry to get cmrs green signal by february end so that prime minister narendramodi can flag off the trains before general elections are declared.
;;-0.3818;;vadnagar: congress vice-president rahul gandhi took the gujarat election battle to prime minister narendramodi modis hometown, vadnagar.
;;0.0;;when nothing worked, narendramodi on friday made a full speech only on narendramodi modi!
;;0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday said isro scientists, despite the hurdle faced on friday night, would soon ensure that india reaches the moon successfully in near future.
;;0.7096;;exhorting the central government to take steps to strengthen existing laws to protect interests of farmers, she urged prime minister narendramodi and the union water resources minister gajendra singh shekhawat to treat problems of farmers on an emergencyscale.
;;0.7269;;bhopal: a day after prime minister narendramodi showered praise on uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath for daring to bust the noida jinx, madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan announced on tuesday that he will break a similar myth by visiting ashoknagar.
;;0.2111;;pointing out that prime minister narendramodi , no less, had expressed appreciation for his work in the constituency, simha added, when this is the case, baseless stories are only creating confusion among voters.
;;-0.5859;;it was an unfortunate incident, but the question is that since prime minister narendramodi had laid the foundation stone for the memorial, there was no need for a team of government officials and scribes to visit the spot again.
;;0.25;;madurai: prime minister narendramodi on sunday laid the foundation stone of all india institutes of medical sciences (aiims) here and said aiims in delhi has created a brand name in healthcare.
;;0.3182;;cm palaniswami, who forwarded the resolution to prime minister narendramodi seeking action, said that in the guise of storing water to meet the drinking water needs of bengaluru, karnataka wants to increase its storage and irrigation capacity.
;;0.6249;;bs yediyurappa met prime minister narendramodi and other leaders in new delhi on tuesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citybengaluru: the wait for senior bjp legislators to get ministerial berths is getting longer as chief minister bs yediyurappa couldnt meet bjp national president amit shah on tuesday and get his nod for cabinet expansion yediyurappa hopes to meet shah on wednesday and may expand the cabinet on friday.
;;0.0;;yediyurappa met prime minister narendramodi and sought an early nod for the proposed rs 5,912-crore reservoir in mekedatu on the cauvery river.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 9, 2019preparations: prime minister narendramodi will address a rally at kle medical college ground near gabbur bypa.
;;0.7269;;hubballi: bjp candidates who are likely to get tickets to contest the forthcoming lok sabha election in north karnataka are confident of victory, thanks to prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the city on sunday.
;;0.3818;;download the times of india news app for latest citypanaji: discussions over the mining stalemate dominated the meeting between chief minister manohar parrikar and state bjp legislators on saturday, with the ailing chief minister assuring the mlas that he would call prime minister narendramodi to seek his intervention for immediate resumption of mining in goa.
;;0.34;;kochi: security has been beefed up in kochi on the eve of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the city and thrissur on sunday.
;;0.0;;pmane convener s p udayakumar said that they had organized a public meeting to talk on these subjects at palayamkottai in tirunelveli district on march 1, the day prime minister narendramodi would take part in a government event and also address a public meeting in kanyakumari district.
;;0.0;;co/3u2wstfzgm  mamata banerjee (@mamataofficial) 1542591686000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi and several other political leaders paid tribute to former prime minister indira gandhi on her 101st birth anniversary on monday.
;;0.7717;;bharti, who had spearheaded the 'save ganga' campaign, was assigned with a specially created ministry for cleaning the holy river along with the water resources ministry by prime minister narendramodi , who had promised to cleanse the river during campaigning in varanasi for the lok sabha elections in 2014.
;;-0.6908;;in a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi on tuesday, the cpm politburo said saturday, 514 marxist cadres have been injured and 1,539 houses attacked.
;;0.5994;;the three-time bathinda mp thanked prime minister narendramodi for fulfilling the promise made to the sikh community by initiating the process of refunding the goods and services tax (gst) imposed on religious institutions.
;;0.3071;;trump himself, embroiled in having to defuse racial tensions in the us, appears to have no bandwidth to deal with a distant situation even though he enthusiastically offered mediation, ostensibly to comfort pakistans prime minister imran khan and get islamabads cooperation in the us drawdown from afghanistan the us president later refined his offer of mediation to clarify he would do so if prime minister narendramodi invited him to do so, but since then, even as new delhi has moved to strengthen its writ in the valley, trump has tuned out of the issue, leaving many regional pundits to speculate how the us president views the situation.
;;0.3818;;the credit for this goes to the prime minister narendramodi , besides i had also noticed that previously people visiting the park would perform yoga in a scattered manner within the garden.
;;0.4767;;raipur: congress led by rahul gandhi poses no challenge to prime minister narendramodi , said chief minister raman singh, adding that the party will find it difficult to win even 40 or 50 seats in the 2019 parliamentary polls.
;;0.7906;;he wanted that the centre take over the temple administration and had petitioned against the present temple management to president ram nath kovind , prime minister narendramodi and chief justice of the supreme court dipak mishra.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the lokpal selection committee comprising prime minister narendramodi on thursday decided to go ahead with the appointment of an eminent jurist on the panel in order to facilitate the process of selection of chairperson and eight members of the anti-corruption ombudsman.
;;-0.9371;;bengaluru: amid nationwide outrage over the kathua and unnao rapes, several faculty members of iim bangalore have written an open letter to prime minister narendramodi , demanding uncompromised justice for the victims by meting out severe punishment to the perpetrators.
;;0.4019;;in their talks, prime minister narendramodi and vietnamese president tran dai quang also vowed to expand bilateral cooperation in several key sectors, including defence, oil and gas, and agriculture.
;;-0.4215;;ill submit memorandums to prime minister narendramodi and finance minister nirmala sitharaman seeking immediate release of at least rs 3,000 crore, he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to flag off the train soon.
;;0.0;;we have sent bangles to chief minister and our women workers dispatched postcards to prime minister narendramodi over the incident.
;;0.2263;;the statement is significant because prime minister narendramodi had indicated on sunday that pakistan was a major stumbling block in the improvement of relations between india and china.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi felicitates mamta kumari in new delhi on wednesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4939;;patna: patna girl mamta kumari on wednesday received trophy and a certificate from pm narendramodi for bagging third rank in the national youth parliament festival 2019.
;;0.0;;lokendra singh, the noorpur (bjp) legislator from bijnore was headed for the summit to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi later in the day, when his suv rammed head on with a truck coming from the opposite direction at kakaiyyapara.
;;0.6808;;topleaders, including prime minister narendramodi and union ministers amit shah , rajnath singh and nitin gadkari , had launched the drive from varanasi, telangana, jaipur and nagpur respectively on july 6, the birth anniversary of party ideologue syama prasad mookerjee.
;;0.0;;dibrugarh: ahead of prime minister narendramodi 's scheduled inauguration of the dhola-sadiya bridge on may 26, chief minister sarbandanda sonowal visited the project site at tinsukia on monday and took stock of the preparations.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi will dedicate the dhola-sadiya bridge to the nation on may 26.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday temporarily assigned charge of the ministries of finance and corporate affairs to railway minister piyush goyal till arun jaitley recovers from a kidney transplant, while removing the controversy-scarred smriti irani from the high-profile i&b ministry.
;;0.128;;porvorim: while welcoming prime minister narendramodi modis decision to meet and discuss goas mining crisis with a delegation of elected representatives and goa mining peoples front, goa forward party suggested that it may be too little, too late.
;;0.4019;;* prime minister narendramodi on thursday spoke to andhra pradesh cm chandrababu naidu amid political tension between bjp and tdp over granting special status to the state, ani reported.
;;0.4019;;tharoor also voiced support for fellow congressman jairam ramesh, who was quoted in the media as saying that we should not demonise prime minister narendramodi all the time.
;;0.6124;;hence no congress worker in the state will accept those leaders who are now singing praise of narendramodi , said mp benny behanan, who is also the udf convener.
;;0.0;;87 crore for the project, came at a cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has been urging for dependence on single-use plastic to mark the 150th anniversary of mahatma gandhi which falls on october 2.
;;0.4404;;the slain personnels wife, renu singh rana, thanked prime minister narendramodi and the indian air force for the action.
;;0.7443;;prime minister narendramodi , during his visit to the state on february 9, reiterated the centres commitment to grant st status to the six communities without hampering the privileges of the existing tribes enjoying the tag.
;;-0.4019;;noida: a 25-year-old man has been detained for allegedly posting morphed pictures of prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath in a whatsapp group.
;;0.8807;;ujjwala scheme +10 crore new lpg connections +new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday said munshi premchands celebrated short story idgah inspired him to launch the, under which over 4 crore families have got free lpg connections since its launch from ballia in up in 2016.
;;0.0;;the four-member pakistani delegation, led by attorney general ashtar ausaf ali , met the world bank officials here yesterday, days after prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the 330 mw kishanganga hydroelectric project in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.4588;;co/yqjojayohn  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1561613127000osaka: prime minister narendramodi and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe held talks thursday during which they discussed a range of issues of mutual interest, the first meeting between the two leaders since the start of japan 's reiwa era.
;;-0.6705;;ahmedabad: police claim to have got clinching evidence to arrest gujarat congress president arjun modhwadia for his alleged involvement in fabricating documents to implicate chief minister narendramodi along with suspended ips officer sanjiv bhatt.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister narendramodi will lay the foundation for the patna metro rail project through videoconferencing at begusarai on sunday.
;;0.6705;;this story is from november 1, 2018picture for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest cityhyderabad: as political bigwigs, including prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi, are likely to hit the campaign trail in the next few weeks, telangana police brass has apprised intelligence bureau (ib) sleuths about their preparedness in providing security cover to the visiting vvips.
;;0.4767;;vladivostok: prime minister narendramodi on thursday met his japanese counterpart shinzo abe and the two leaders pledged to deepen the robust bilateral ties in a number of areas, including in economic and defence sectors.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi met with pm shinzo abe on the margins of 5th eef in vladivostok.
;;-0.296;;prime minister narendramodi arrived at mia later in the day from shivamogga as part of his ongoing election rallies in the state.
;;0.0;;the initiative comes ahead of the upcoming 2019 climate action summit which may be attended by prime minister narendramodi in new york on september 23.
;;-0.4767;;ahmedabad: unleashing a scathing attack at the opposition during a poll campaign in palanpur, prime minister narendramodi on sunday claimed that congress leaders had held a secret meeting with pakistani envoy and foreign minister of the neighbouring country before mani shankar aiyar had called him a neech person.
;;0.7003;;the plan will help grow indias manufacturing base and will aid prime minister narendramodi modis flagship make in india initiative, which aims to boost manufacturing to 25  of the economy by 2020.
;;-0.5106;;he lashed out at prime minister narendramodi , saying that the indian pm and his supporters had badly harmed the image of india.
;;0.7717;;the speaker had also said that since mishra campaigned for the bhartiya janata party (bjp) and prime minister narendramodi in the lok sabha polls, it indicated that he has given up the membership of his original political party.
;;0.34;;surat: referring to the recent study by london-based oxford economics that surat will be the fastest growing city in the world through 2035, prime minister narendramodi said that the future belongs to surat and other nine fastest growing cities of india.
;;-0.6808;;surat: designer saris depicting public outrage over the pulwama terror attack, prime minister narendramodi as well as priyanka gandhi's entry into politics are attracting traders from across the country to surat, country's biggest synthetic sari-making centre.
;;0.6858;;prime minister narendramodi is thinking over it and let things get clear, but if it happens, it will be good for everyone.
;;-0.7351;;it is high time to tell prime minister narendramodi that either he should hang the rapists or we will do it ourselves, said huma saleem and several other protesters accompanying her.
;;0.4404;;a four-time member of rajya sabha, jaitley was among the bjp leaders who sensed early that narendramodi had the potential to challenge the congress' domination of national politics and backed him within the party and outside.
;;0.0;;facing health issues, jaitley wrote to prime minister narendramodi ahead of swearing-in may and opted out of the new government.
;;0.1027;;instead of going to the districts to examine drought conditions, bjp leaders should have gone to delhi and pressured prime minister narendramodi to waive farms loans and increase compensation for farmers hit by drought.
;;0.0;;delhi: prime minister narendramodi releases all india tiger estimation 2018 on #internationaltigerday.
;;0.3612;;minister dharmendra pradhan and cm yogi at city gas distribution programme on mondaycentre uses ujjawala to reach out to mbcsthe announcement comes a fortnight after prime minister narendramodi announced the setting up of a commission to examine the possibility of giving reservation within quota to mbcs.
;;0.5106;;the cm also mentioned how the initiative was appreciated by prime minister narendramodi , who got magnetically drawn towards the campaign after seeing a striking photograph of a grandson cleaning the river along with his grandfather.
;;0.4939;;shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray (pti photo)ayodhya: shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on sunday said that the ayodhya issue has been pending in courts for many years now and the centre should soon bring an ordinance on construction of the ram temple and added that prime minister narendramodi has the courage to do it.
;;0.4019;;this story is from november 17, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityjaipur: prime minister narendramodi , party president amit shah and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath would be the bjps star campaigners for forthcoming assembly elections.
;;0.8834;;regarding the india-china bilateral relationship, rao said that informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping is a good move and added that such meetings would play a significant role in improving the relationship and bilateral ties shared between both countries.
;;-0.7481;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi today lamented that many people mocked bhimrao ambedkar and made efforts to ensure that the son of a backward family does not progress but noted that today's 'new india' is altogether different as it belongs to the poor and the backward.
;;0.0;;53 crore by prime minister narendramodi during his proposed visit to the city on feb 19.
;;0.1779;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will observe a day-long fast on thursday along with all party mps in protest against the washout of the recent parliament session.
;;0.0;;new delhi: it appears observers in china are closely watching the gujarat polls, because they see it as a litmus test of indian voters' attitude toward prime minister narendramodi 's reform agenda, reported chinese state media.
;;0.4939;;chennai: despite being coy about its relationship with bjp, chief minister edappadi k palaniswami and deputy chief minister o panneerselvam were among the first to congratulate prime minister narendramodi on the party's victory in the karnataka polls, much before the official results were out.
;;0.0;;bjp members poured curd and milk on cutouts of prime minister narendramodi and bjp leader halady srinivas shetty at counting centres after the results were announced.
;;0.0;;last month, bjp had organized a rally of prime minister narendramodi in kangra district , known as the political capital of state.
;;0.6908;;new delhi: security forces had gone into a tizzy when prime minister narendramodi visited bijapur in chhattisgarh on april 13 to launch the ayushman scheme, following reports of strong presence of maoists in the area, considered the hotbed of naxalite activities.
;;0.875;;prime minister narendramodi (afp photo)new delhi: after statue of unity in gujarat was included in time magazine's 'world's 100 greatest places of 2019' list, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said that he is glad that it is emerging as a popular tourist spot.
;;0.1027;;the former janmmu and kashmir chief minister's unequivocal defence of pakistan came when he was asked for his take on a controversy that erupted after prime minister narendramodi alleged that his predecessor manmohan singh and senior congress leader mani shankar aiyar had met with pakistani officials over dinner and conspired to influence the state assembly elections.
;;0.0;;she said the initiative was taken by prime minister narendramodi and reciprocated by pakistan prime minister imran khan.
;;0.0;;we witnessed this trend more recently in the gujarat polls where once the prime minister narendramodi entered the fray, the issues of local residents were put on the backburner, he said.
;;0.0;;ample opportunites for india in russi's far-eastthe bilateral relations between moscow and new delhithe eastern economic forumnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday visited russia's far-east city of vladivostok, a first by an indian head of state, to participate in the eastern economic forum and hold bilateral discussion with vladimir putin.
;;0.5781;;last week prime minister narendramodi gave a strong message to bureaucrats to take decisions without fear and ensure timely delivery of government schemes across the country.
;;0.0762;;i never questioned the parentage of narendramodi .
;;0.6249;;today, we add another six documents to our large and growing list of meaningful agreements signed during the recent visits of prime minister narendramodi to bangladesh and prime minister sheikh hasina to india, gokhale said.
;;0.0258;;on the lines of prime minister narendramodi modis famous chai pe charcha campaign in the 2014 general election, ahmedabad traffic police will launch a 15-day drive to reach out to the city commuters.
;;0.3818;;not only did they get to interact with prime minister narendramodi via video conferencing in a live telecast viewed across the country, they even presented to the pm their innovation  a mechanism that counters high beam headlights on oncoming vehicles.
;;-0.25;;perhaps the biggest contradiction, though, will be between prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;-0.7506;;new delhi: former prime minister and congress leader manmohan singh on sunday attacked prime minister narendramodi , saying democracy is in danger under his regime.
;;-0.0772;;ahmedabad: in a symbolic message against prime minister narendramodi , dalit leader jignesh mevani, who is contesting the election from vadgam seat with congress support, said on saturday that vadgam will defeat vadnagar (modi's hometown).
;;-0.3818;;i will begin such a fight that narendramodi will not become the prime minister again.
;;0.0;;mevani alleged that gujarat chief minister vijay rupani and prime minister narendramodi had not given anything to vadgam.
;;0.1779;;in his speech, rahul gandhi alleged that prime minister narendramodi had tried to play the obc card but it did not work in the gujarat elections and stated that the bjp had released its manifesto in haste.
;;0.0;;mangaluru: prime minister narendramodi , union minister for road transport and highways nitin gadkari and dk mp nalin kumar kateel on sunday inaugurated thokkottu flyover.
;;-0.7184;;the students are being given capsules on currently relevant issues such as rafale, demonetisation, gst, unemployment and crimes against women being used by rahul gandhi to attack prime minister narendramodi and his government.
;;0.836;;regarding the apex court verdict on tuesday on a cbi plea against kolkata police chief, the delhi cm congratulated west bengal chief minister mamta banerjee, saying she had raised a voice against prime minister narendramodi modis dictatorship and today she and west bengal have won in the supreme court.
;;0.7184;;panaji: prime minister narendramodi will interact with beneficiaries of central government health care schemes from goa on june 7.
;;-0.7003;;new delhi: all political programmes of bjp leaders, including prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah , scheduled for friday have been cancelled following the terror attack on crpf personnel in kashmir.
;;-0.6808;;co/jdo1fmi0hi  manish tewari (@manishtewari) 1514273551000new delhi: the congress today hinted that prime minister narendramodi is like the cinematic bad santa for the hardships they believe he caused with the note ban and the introduction of gst.
;;-0.3612;;surat: cops had to work on a tight schedule since early morning on sunday because besides ensuring security for surat night marathon they were also busy removing posters that carried prime minister narendramodi modis image along with that of bank fraud accused nirav modi and vijay mallya, put up across multiple locations on the marathon route in the city.
;;0.6705;;new delhi: bjp president amit shah on thursday termed prime minister narendramodi modis speech in parliament powerful while union minister arun jaitley said the pms reply demolished the false narrative and slogans of opposition parties.
;;0.0;;ahmedabad: prime minister narendramodi turned common man on thursday as he queued up to cast his vote outside the polling booth at nishan high school in ranip locality of sabarmati a little after noon.
;;-0.25;;the party alleged him of creating and promoting hatred and insulting prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.9371;;the extremely rare 400-year-old traditional rogan artform has created a niche for itself even in the modern day by managing to win international admirers in the likes of former us president barack obama, who was gifted the tree of life  a rogan masterpiece  by prime minister narendramodi during the latters us tour in 2014.
;;0.1779;;he said no questions were raised on evms when congress emerged victorious in rajasthan, chhattisgarh and madhya pradesh in the recently-concluded assembly polls which were also conducted by evmsi am not able to understand why the credibility of evms are being put into questions when the countrymen delivered their mandate in favour of prime minister narendramodi in 2019 general elections which were also conducted by the same evms, he said.
;;0.8176;;panaji: in a letter to prime minister narendramodi and union minister for road transport and highways nitin gadkari, the congress has suggested that the cable-stayed mandovi bridge and the under-construction zuari bridge be named after goas first chief minister dayanand bandodkar and goas first opposition leader dr jack de sequeiranaming the new bridges after such eminent goans would be the perfect way for goans to connect to their past as well as help future generations recall history, said opposition leader chandrakant kavlekar.
;;0.1027;;this story is from january 20, 2019prime minister narendramodi at larsen and toubro's armoured systems complex with defence minister nirmala sit.
;;0.4588;;surat: prime minister narendramodi dedicated to the nation the countrys first armoured systems complex (asc) in the private sector, developed by larsen & toubro (l&t) at hazira near here on saturday.
;;0.0;;bengaluru: prime minister narendramodi on thursday said bengaluru represents hindustan on the world stage and said the development of karnataka's capital is his government's utmost priority.
;;0.3818;;asked about the purpose of her visit, moushmi said she wanted to promote prime minister narendramodi as indias tallest leader.
;;0.2023;;new delhi: andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu launched a tirade against the bjp-led central government, alleging prime minister narendramodi was not following 'raj dharma' by denying the state special status.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minster narendramodi on friday said that the government has set a target of setting up 12,500 ayush centres across india, 4000 of which will be set up this year.
;;0.0;;the nda government led by prime minister narendramodi has completed 100 days after coming to power for a second consecutive term with a massive mandate.
;;0.0;;'' suhel seth even addressed pm narendramodi in his tweet.
;;0.8834;;jaipur: celebrate examinations like festivals, one among the several punch lines in prime minister narendramodi modis exam warriors is set to motivate 45 lakh students of government schools in rajasthan.
;;0.0;;the reforms that prime minister narendramodi has brought over the last few years are nothing but a game changer.
;;0.1027;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the government is taking several steps to promote young entrepreneurs in the country, adding that startups are no longer confined to big cities.
;;0.3612;;goyal credited prime minister narendramodi and jaitley for the insolvency resolution plan.
;;0.7964;;preeti now has a hope to resume school which she left at class ix, after prime minister narendramodi assured her of all support.
;;0.128;;however, on thursday, varanasi created a flutter with demand from workers that priyanka stake claim to the temple town that is represented by prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0;;he added that bjp would bank on the works of development undertaken by prime minister narendramodi , and not on money or muscle power.
;;0.0258;;through sitharaman, they are able to reach out to prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, whenever there is need, said another leader.
;;-0.1803;;speaking to reporters after the demonstration, dhinakaran said he did not agree on showing black flags to prime minister narendramodi while he visits tamil nadu on april 12.
;;0.0;;madurai: the visit of prime minister narendramodi to lay the foundation stone for the all india institute of medical sciences on sunday will be the first by a pm to the city after nearly 14 years.
;;0.0;;on sunday, narendramodi modis visit is expected to last about two hours from 11.
;;-0.2263;;shouting slogans against the nda government and prime minister narendramodi , the protesters burnt the effigies of the bill.
;;0.3182;;the right-wing party shares an uneasy alliance with the bjp in the state and has been vocal in opposing some of prime minister narendramodi 's policies.
;;0.0;;gujarat cm vijay rupani at the state's independence day function in chhota udepurahmedabad: gujarat chief minister vijay rupani on thursday said that while mahatma gandhi and sardar vallabhbhai patel gave 'swaraj' (independence) to the country, prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah gave 'purna swaraj ' ( complete independence ) to india.
;;-0.4767;;he will be sworn in on december 27 in the presence of prime minister narendramodi amid uncertainty within bjp following the defeat of its original cm-candidate prem kumar dhumal , bjps central observers nirmala sitharaman and narender tomar , along with the partys himachal in-charge, mangal pandey , arrived in shimla on sunday morning and met newlyelected mlas, leaders and mps from the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated the civil air terminal at chandigarh airport on september 11 last year.
;;0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi attend the bjp parliamentary party meeting at parliament house: ptinew delhi: prime minister narendramodi tuesday asked bjp mps to nurse their constituency by playing a leading role in its development and advised them to take up a cause of human sensitivity like eradication of leprosy or tuberculosis , parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi told reporters.
;;0.9451;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1565577756000new delhi: greeting people on eid al-adha , prime minister narendramodi on monday hoped that the festival will further the spirit of peace and happiness in the society.
;;-0.296;;chief minister h d kumaraswamy on monday launched a counterattack on prime minister narendramodi for criticising his government as a warrant government.
;;0.0;;64km stretch of the janakpuri west-botanical garden corridor will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on december 25.
;;-0.128;;protesters will gather at kamla nehru park at 10am on monday, and march to the mini secretariat, carrying mock funeral pyres of the two supreme court judges who gave the order, as well as prime minister narendramodi and president ram nath kovind .
;;0.0;;ranchi: chief minister raghubar das on wednesday said the jharkhand government is preparing for simultaneous statewide rollout of pradhan mantri shram yogi maan-dhan , a pension scheme for workers of the unorganised sector that prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to launch on march 5.
;;0.0;;earlier this week, chief minister amarinder singh had also written separate letters to prime minister narendramodi and union minister for consumer affairs, food and public distribution ram vilas paswan.
;;0.1531;;gehlot alleged that prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and the rss were playing a dangerous game in the country to kill democracy have you ever before heard a pm say that 40 mlas from a state are in touch with him and once he wins, they will break away from their party and join him?
;;-0.1027;;i just apologized to indian ambassador harsh shringla for trump's amateurish and embarrassing mistake, congressman brad sherman tweeted hours after trump's stunning claim that prime minister narendramodi sought his mediation or arbitration efforts to resolve the kashmir issue.
;;-0.6124;;shivamogga: a day after the dalit protests and the subsequent loss of lives shook the nation, aicc president rahul gandhi on tuesday questioned prime minister narendramodi on his silence over the dilution of the scheduled caste and scheduled tribes atrocities act.
;;0.0;;according to him, all major decisions are taken by pm narendramodi and rss chief mohan bhagwat.
;;0.0;;the statue, befitting sardar's stature, is set to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on october 31, sardar's birth anniversary, with bjp setting the ball rolling for its 2019 lok sabha poll campaigns.
;;0.0;;in 2010, when prime minister narendramodi , was the chief minister of gujarat he had revealed his plans for building the statue of unity.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi paid his tributes to the martyrs by laying a wreath at amar jawan jyoti before the start of the parade in presence of defence minister nirmala sitharaman and the three service chiefs.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah are trying to dislodge the state government which is enjoying majority on the floor of the house.
;;0.0;;nagpur: the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) has decided to fully back prime minister narendramodi modis re-election in the coming general elections.
;;0.8271;;acquittal of 2g accused +prime minister narendramodi visited ailing dmk patriarch m karunanidhi +you protected me like a baby in mother's womb, raja says in his letter to karunanidhi i place the 2g verdict at your feet with gratitude, says former telecom minister a raja in an emotional letter to dmk chief m karunanidhi.
;;0.6808;;shah directed party workers to go door to door with the party's development plank and publicise the good work done by prime minister narendramodi , former pm atal bihari vajpayee and bjp state president b s yeddyurappa.
;;0.8625;;on one hand, prime minister narendramodi is celebrating the international yoga day for a healthy living on june 21 and has initiated a swachh bharat drive across the country.
;;0.4019;;gupta said mehta had uploaded a poster on facebook which had prime minister narendramodi , abhinandan and himself, with the caption asking people to vote for the party that brought abhinandan back from pakistan.
;;0.0;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1495732813000new delhi: to mark the bjp-led nda\'s three years in government, prime minister narendramodi on friday inauguratedsituated in arunachal pradesh theis built over the river lohit, which is a tributary of the brahmaputra.
;;-0.8271;;new delhi: breaking his silence on the kathua and unnao rape cases, prime minister narendramodi on friday said the incidents had shamed the nation and no offender would be spared as the government was committed to ensuring that victims of the crimes received full justice.
;;0.2023;;mumbai: the state is aggressively pushing for redevelopment of shanties in line with the prime minister narendramodi modis ambitious housing for all by 2022 project.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 28, 2018prime minister narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.5809;;ponda: with no resolution to the mining issue in sight despite several assurances made to them by the states politicians across party lines, mining dependants have resolved to display black flags during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to goa on january 12 to inaugurate the third mandovi bridge in panaji following a supreme court order in february, the mining industry in the state came to a standstill from march 16.
;;0.4588;;as a last resort, the goa mining peoples front (gmpf) has resolved to greet prime minister narendramodi with black flags.
;;0.1531;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will visit the us from september 21-27 during which he will address the annual un general assembly session and have a series of bilateral and multilateral engagements in new york, the ministry of external affairs said on thursday.
;;0.0;;the gram panchayat , in a meeting held on republic day under the chairmanship of sarpanch chhaya subhash khandare, has passed a resolution to that effect and the copy of it was sent to the prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0772;;guntur: in a novel protest against the centre for refusing special category status (scs) to the state, a confederation of ngos has decided to dispatch soil and water from amaravati to prime minister narendramodi and other union ministers.
;;-0.3818;;new delhi: congress and some other opposition parties on monday protested in the lok sabha over the government's decisions concerning jammu and kashmir , and demanded a statement from prime minister narendramodi the protest began soon after the house assembled for the day and congress members raised slogans demanding a response from the prime minister.
;;0.0;;at the time king mohammed had held fruitful discussions with prime minister narendramodi and a decision was taken to work towards elevating bilateral ties to a strategic partnership.
;;-0.1877;;salem: prime minister narendramodi has not responded to a request seeking his appointment for an all-party delegation from tamil nadu to urge him to set up the cauvery management board, said chief minister edappadi k palaniswami talking to reporters in the city on sunday, palaniswami said the pmo has not granted appointment for a delegation of all-party representatives and farmers even after a reminder of the request was sent.
;;0.5859;;he said a resolution was passed at an all-party meeting convened by aiadmk in february that representatives of all the political parties as well as those from farmers' associations would personally meet prime minister narendramodi and urge him to constitute the cauvery management board.
;;0.7351;;lucknow: assuring a student that ram temple will definitely be constructed in ayodhya, up chief minister yogi adityanath on friday hailed prime minister narendramodi as a man who can turn the impossible into possible.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will be at the isro around midnight to watch the event.
;;0.8126;;co/vsrv3urmv1  amit shah (@amitshah) 1565104135000new delhi: giving credit to prime minister narendramodi for the passage of bills on jammu and kashmir in parliament, home minister amit shah tuesday said it was because of his leadership that the country has got justice pending for the past 70 years.
;;0.6486;;the decisive leadership of prime minister narendramodi has ensured delivery of justice for india pending for last 70 years.
;;0.0;;the union minister was reacting to a letter written by a group of eminent citizens to prime minister narendramodi expressing concern over lynching incidents.
;;-0.5574;;the july 23 letter to prime minister narendramodi also stressed that there is no democracy without dissent.
;;0.4215;;singapore: india and singapore will explore areas of further cooperation and take stock of progress of their strategic partnership during prime minister narendramodi 's june visit here.
;;0.2732;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday urged the international community to have a global water action agenda as central theme to achieve land degradation neutrality and announced indias commitment of restoring 26 million hectares of degraded land by 2030 - an increase of 5 million hectares over the existing pledge of restoring 21 million hectares.
;;0.7845;;co/fwyhss0jqe  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1566657081000manama: india and bahrain on saturday agreed to collaborate in the areas of space technology, solar energy and culture exchange as prime minister narendramodi held comprehensive talks with his bahraini counterpart prince khalifa bin salman al khalifa to give a major boost to the entire spectrum of bilateral relations.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday hosted a dinner for members of lok sabha and rajya sabha at a state-run five-star hotel.
;;0.5719;;suspense looms over gtds next course of actionminister for higher education gt devegowda , who found himself drawn into a debate with former chief minister and senior congress leader siddaramaiah , in the wake of his remarks wherein he praised prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah, is another legislator, whose actions are being closely watched.
;;0.0;;reiterating the partys stance of not having a role in the desertion of the mlas of the ruling coalition, simha added, prime minister narendramodi , and union home minister amit shah have their hands full.
;;0.6597;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea), chaired by prime minister narendramodi , on thursday approved establishment of the nfar with an initial financial commitment of rs 130 crore during 2020-21.
;;0.886;;bengaluru: bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) chief amit shah is confident of winning the karnataka assembly polls as he believes prime minister narendramodi modis personal popularity has helped the party tap peoples anger against the siddaramaiah government in the state.
;;0.4019;;this story is from november 12, 2018late union minister ananth kumar (toi)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi is likely to chair a special meeting of the union cabinet monday to condole the demise of senior minister ananth kumar, official sources said.
;;0.0;;kumar had been in the inner circle of the central leadership of the bjp -- be it during the heydays of atal bihari vajpayee or l k advani and now narendramodi modi.
;;0.2023;;seaside resort of sochi +new delhi: playing out a now-familiar script, prime minister narendramodi will spend monday with russian president vladimir putin at thein his second informal summit.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and trump, at the g20 meeting on friday, agreed for an early meeting of their commerce ministers to sort out concerns over bilateral trade disputes.
;;0.0;;bjp mla ram kadam distributed kaju katli at vidhan bhavan, emphasizing prime minister narendramodi 's befitting reply to pakistan .
;;0.7184;;this is a new and a strong india led by narendramodi , said chief minister devendra fadnavis corporators from the bjp, the second largest party in the bmc, gathered before the corporation's meeting to raise the tricolor and chant slogans.
;;0.0772;;rahul also made scathing remarks on prime minister narendramodi , accusing him of misleading the people to glorify himself.
;;0.2263;;he also said that if prime minister narendramodi wanted to open a new chapter seeking cooperation to build consensus on important matters, then that sincerity of intent must be reflected in the actions of the bjp and its government, which is not the case.
;;0.128;;new delhi: pakistan returned as a weapon in the gujarat election campaign again this time, when prime minister narendramodi insinuated that congress party leaders, including former prime minister manmohan singh met pakistans former foreign minister khurshid kasuri and discussed the gujarat election campaign.
;;0.6124;;two of the beneficiaries from the state will receive the financial aid in person from prime minister narendramodi , scheduled to launch the programme in uttar pradeshs gorakhpur on sunday, while 1,000 farmers from selected pockets from across the state would join chief minister edappadi k palaniswami in chennai to witness the programme via video-conferencing.
;;0.34;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi has instructed bjp mps to embark on 'padayatra' in their constituencies and cover a distance of 150-km between october 2 and october 31, the birth anniversaries of mahatma gandhi and vallabhbhai patel respectively, parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi said on tuesday.
;;0.1027;;it will also hold a sit-in demonstration in delhi on december 11 and submit a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh detailing the partys demands, debbarma said.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi had promised to waive off loans of farmers.
;;0.4927;;the country's economy is very safe in the hands of prime minister narendramodi 's leadership.
;;0.0;;on taking up nrc in telangana, kishan reddy had said prime minister narendramodi and home minister shah would take the call at an appropriate time.
;;-0.5994;;madurai: members of various outfits opposing 10  reservation for economically weaker sections in general category took part in a black flag protest on sunday as prime minister narendramodi modis arrived here to lay the foundation stone of all india institutes of medical sciences (aiim).
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate a 50-crore building on baba gangnath marg in delhi on march 6 which will house the central information commission (cic) complete with state-of-the-art videoconferencing stations and facilities to address public grievances.
;;0.7964;;file photo for representationnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi will on saturday fulfil, seven months ahead of schedule, his government's promise to help women in eight crore poor households breathe easy by replacing their smoky 'chulhas' (earthen ovens) with lpg connection and stove free of cost.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis administration triggered a political controversy last week, when it released figures showing the economy expanded at a much slower pace under the previous government than reported earlier.
;;-0.4215;;the critical need to be prepared for this new revolution in military affairs was even stressed by prime minister narendramodi during the defexpo in chennai last month.
;;-0.2263;;the book is in sharp contrast to bjp's 'congress-mukt bharat' narrative, though prime minister narendramodi recently specified that it was limited to the corruption 'culture' that seeped into congress and firmed its roots.
;;0.0;;dhumal said both the congress and cpi(m) are not willing to hold the civic body election after seeing the overwhelming rush in the recently held rally of prime minister narendramodi in shimla.
;;0.0;;in early june, we will have another summit with prime minister narendramodi in st. petersburg.
;;0.0516;;the cm had last week sought a rs 1,000-crore special package from prime minister narendramodi since the relief fund cannot be used for rebuilding infrastructure and there are a number of educational institutes, including iit ropar and schools, which have suffered losses.
;;0.0;;we have approached prime minister narendramodi to inaugurate the summit.
;;0.3182;;agra: anticipating huge rush during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the city on wednesday evening, the city police have issued a notification about changes in traffic routes that will be valid till the pm departs.
;;0.9287;;co/crpl9ibuwv  ani (@ani) 1560939466000new delhi: union minister and republican party of india leader ramdas athawale on wednesday left members of the lok sabha , including prime minister narendramodi , in peels of laughter with his witty remarks, some aimed at congress president rahul gandhi in his congratulatory remarks after the unanimous election of om birla as lok sabha speaker, athawale, who has a knack for spontaneous humour, said he is happy that rahul got a chance to sit in lok sabha though as an opposition member.
;;0.4939;;the move comes days after prime minister narendramodi called for a national effort to save water and augment indias water resources.
;;0.0;;pti photoaurangabad: prime minister narendramodi on saturday said rs 3.
;;0.4215;;at a rally in mangaluru, prime minister narendramodi had complimented karan for the hanuman portrait that has captured the imagination of people across india.
;;0.6705;;while campaigning for his party during the december 2017 assembly polls in gujarat, prime minister narendramodi had travelled in a seaplane on this route which had attracted media attention from across the world.
;;0.2732;;vladivostok: india is committed to becoming a $5 trillion economy by 2024, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday at the eastern economic forum (eef) summit hosted by russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.3818;;india on thursday announced an unprecedented $1 billion line of credit for the development of russia's far east with prime minister narendramodi vowing that new delhi will walk shoulder-to-shoulder with moscow in its quest for the development of the resource-rich region.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi continued with his tradition of donning colourful turbans at republic day celebrations on saturday by sporting a yellowish orange headgear with a red tail.
;;-0.7964;;bhatt, who accused gujarat chief minister narendramodi of misusing the state machinery during post-godhra riots in 2002, had last month filed an additional affidavit in the apex court alleging that gujarat government was helping the accused in the fake encounter case to prepare their defense.
;;0.8555;;this story is from october 24, 2018new delhi: prime minister narendramodi has been conferred with the prestigious seoul peace prize 2018 in recognition of his contribution to the growth of the indian and global economies.
;;0.0;;as a result, the highway ministry may not be able to follow through with its plan of prime minister narendramodi laying the foundation stone for the project next month.
;;0.6249;;he said the state government was committed to providing air connectivity to farflung areas and he was grateful to prime minister narendramodi for including himachal pradesh in the scheme.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh also expressed condolences.
;;0.128;;patna: on a day when bihar cm nitish kumar was meeting prime minister narendramodi in delhi, a member of his alliance partner rjd sat on an indefinite hunger strike against the grand alliance government in patna on saturday.
;;0.8481;;the meeting began with fadnavis welcoming the decision taken by prime minister narendramodi and shah to scrap the special status and privileges granted to jammu & kashmir and its residents under articles 370 and 35a of the constitution.
;;0.3612;;chamarajanagar/udupi/ chikkodi: prime minister narendramodi hit the campaign trail in karnataka on tuesday, targeting the siddaramaiah government for its culpability in promoting ease of doing murders and the congress culture of promoting family politics.
;;0.0;;rajkot: a couple from talaja in bhavnagar has appealed those attending their marriage to vote for prime minister narendramodi during the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.4588;;chandigarh: prime minister narendramodi will be in kurukshetra on tuesday to inaugurate and unveil several development projects, and for swachh shakti-2019, an awards ceremony to be attended by nearly 20,000 women panchs and sarpanchs from across india.
;;0.4215;;referring to prime minister narendramodi and former president apj abdul kalam , he said if a tea stall vendor can become a prime minister and a son from a fishing community can become the president of the country, why are the doors of the supreme court shut to aspiring judges from marginalized communities.
;;0.34;;hubballi: elaborate security arrangements have been made ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the city to address an election rally on february 10.
;;0.0;;file photovaranasi: prime minister narendramodi will visit his lok sabha constituency varanasi on july 6, the bjp said saturday.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: as part of government's scheme of funding the unfunded, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said banks and financial institutions have given rs 6 lakh crore to 12 crore beneficiaries.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi addressed the nation on sunday in the 52nd episode of his  mann ki baat  radio programme.
;;0.5574;;tdp cadres from chennai and chittoor gathered outside stalins residence and kept raising slogans in praise of naidu and against prime minister narendramodi and bjp.
;;0.0;;lucknow: prime minister narendramodi is likely to inaugurate the up investors summit to be held in lucknow on february 21-22.
;;-0.4588;;b'two filmmakers from mumbai have been asked by the censor board chairperson pahlaj nihalani to get a no-objection certificate from none other than prime minister narendramodi to get their documentary on delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal released in india.
;;-0.5574;;raipur: opposition congress on saturday squarely blamed prime minister narendramodi for 'squandering' the 2014 mandate, saying that it is a total betrayal of public trust that was reposed on him four years back.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi has called a meeting of presidents of all parties represented in lok sabha or rajya sabha on june 19 to discuss the issue of 'one nation, one election', parliamentary affairs minister prahlad joshi said on sunday.
;;-0.6124;;she also took on prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath for ensuring the defeat of a poor and dalit candidate by a moneyed man.
;;0.802;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday shared heartwarming pictures with a special guest who came to meet him at parliament in the picture, posted on pm modi's instagram account, he can be seen cradling a child.
;;-0.6705;;staging a protest on the day of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the state on friday, akrsu burnt effigies of the pm, home minister rajnath singh and chief minister sarbananda sonowal , expressing their grievances over non-fulfilment of their st demand and and the centres unwillingness to discuss their demand for a separate kamatapur state.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi will host a lunch in honour of the crown prince at hyderabad house on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;at the conclusion of its national executive meeting , the party said on friday that it wanted to check the dictatorship being established in the country by prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah .
;;0.4767;;nagpur: reacting to prime minister narendramodi modis statement that ancan happen only after the legal process is over, rss chief mohan bhagwat said irrespective of what the pm says, my stance is clear on the issue.
;;0.7184;;fifteen children will be given the awards by prime minister narendramodi , while three of the awards will be given posthumously.
;;0.2263;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday laid the foundation stone for developments projects worth rs 1,100 crore on his first trip to rae bareli, the traditional seat of the gandhi family.
;;0.0;;the up government said in astatement that it was working on the principle of sabka saath sabka vikas laid down by prime minister narendramodi , besides keeping deen dayal upadhyays idea of inclusiveness and humanism at the centre of all development projects.
;;-0.4019;;thiruvananthapuram: chief minister pinarayi vijayan has written a letter to prime minister narendramodi thanking him for the support extended by the centre during ockhi cyclone tragedy.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday met over 40 bjp mps from other backward classes at his official residence, sources said.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi is learnt to have made this remark in a lighter vein during his monthly web-based interaction with secretaries and chief secretaries of all states on wednesday as he asked the delhi police to work towards a robust mechanism for getting more feedback from the people.
;;0.0;;the water ceremony began with prime minister narendramodi pouring sacred water from the river ganga into the lotus pond at matrimandir on february 25.
;;-0.4767;;deputy chief minister nitin patel urged the poor people of gujarat to put their might behind narendramodi in 2019.
;;-0.6486;;the dycm, while inaugurating the garib kalyan mela, said, prime minister narendramodi has said that no poor person will be homeless in 2022.
;;0.0;;the first garib kalyan mela was organised under narendramodi as chief minister.
;;0.7003;;download the times of india news app for latest citychandigarh: haryana congress president ashok tanwar claimed on friday that prime minister narendramodi and the bjp benefitted their own capitalist friends in the garb of demonetisation in november 2016.
;;0.0772;;on some congress mlas switching over to the bjp in goa, he said, it is obvious that when the prime minister narendramodi and union minister amit shah say that they want to make congress mukt bharat they are only strategising democracy mukt bharath.
;;0.0;;addressing the media here on friday, the officials of both the companies said prime minister narendramodi will lay the foundation for these projects on december 24.
;;0.3818;;while addressing the youths, mainly the unemployed ones staying as tenants at the barkat nagar locality, amidst the speeches of local congress leaders and state in-charge mohan prakash, a poet and teacher came with his poem, which was a satire on prime minister narendramodi and his promises.
;;-0.7591;;this story is from november 27, 2018arvind kejriwal (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: days after he was attacked with chilli powder outside his chamber in delhi secretariat, arvind kejriwal on monday asked prime minister narendramodi to step down if he could not ensure safety of a chief minister.
;;0.3612;;hubballi: the co-ordination committee chairman of the coalition government siddaramaiah reacted sharply to the statement by prime minister narendramodi that chief minister h d kumaraswamy was functioning like a clerk and not as a chief minister of the state because of congress intervention.
;;0.0;;by changing the date for the meeting to be chaired by prime minister narendramodi , niti has put the ball in the cms court.
;;0.0;;lucknow: governor ram naik on wednesday wrote to prime minister narendramodi , requesting him to take initative to enusre that there is a common voters' list for lok sabha, vidhan sabha and local bodies elections.
;;0.7964;;interestingly, after the bilateral talks between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping on saturday, an agreement was signed between india and china to share hydrological data for brahmaputra.
;;0.0;;patna: bihar cm and jd(u) national president nitish kumar will meet prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on saturday.
;;-0.4019;;bhopal: a day ahead of prime minister narendramodi 's visit to amarkantak in madhya pradesh, trouble erupted at the location of one of the helipads he may use.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 7, 2018prime minister narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: the bjp on tuesday released a list of 40 star campaigners, including prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah , union ministers rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, nitin gadkari , up chief minister yogi adityanath, former cm uma bharati and cm shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.7351;;simultaneous elections to bring good governancelucknow: the uttar pradesh governments report on validity of one nation, one poll  mooted by prime minister narendramodi  has made strong recommendations to the centre seeking inclusion of mobile numbers of voters to remove duplication and maintaining their database starting with their age as early as 16.
;;0.6808;;kochi: as many as 15 selected beneficiaries of pradhan mantri awas yojana (pmay) scheme in ernakulam will get an opportunity to meet prime minister narendramodi through video conferencing on tuesday morning.
;;-0.0516;;this story is from november 5, 2018signature bridgedownload the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: chief minister arvind kejriwal on sunday attacked prime minister narendramodi saying that the country needs schools, hospitals and bridges to progress, not statues and temples.
;;0.0;;madurai: lok sabha deputy speaker and aiadmk leader m thambi durai on sunday, lashed out at prime minister narendramodi over his 'trailer' remarks about the interim union budget saying the movie would be different from the trailer adding that it was more an election manifesto than budget.
;;-0.4939;;guwahati: large-scale protests took place across assam on monday against the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2016 with a number groups burning the effigies of prime minister narendramodi , union home minister rajnath singh and chief minister sarbananda sonowal , taking out processions and blocking rail and road traffic.
;;-0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi has dedicated his whole life working for the poor and nation, he said.
;;0.0;;addressing the second day of the tdp mahanadu here on monday, naidu said, i had already told prime minister narendramodi that all central funds will be accounted for.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was also present at the function.
;;-0.2732;;co/40d4vdlmmg  dr. s. jaishankar (@drsjaishankar) 1561545976000washington: a single, censorious tweet by us president donald trump has cast a shadow on his upcoming meeting with prime minister narendramodi at the g20 summit in osaka, japan, highlighting the uncertainty in bilateral ties subjected to temperamental quirks of a leader obsessed with trade at the expense of broader strategic vision.
;;0.0;;as many as 54,474 houses have been constructed in gujarat, prime minister narendramodi 's home state, since 2014-15 under the scheme.
;;0.34;;co/isvmoutrn8  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1561080804000ranchi: prime minister narendramodi on friday performed yoga with around 40,000 enthusiasts at the prabhat tara ground and said everybody should practice the ancient indian discipline lifelong.
;;0.8316;;15km bridge by prime minister narendramodi just before the monsoon is being seen as a big gift to the people of assam and arunachal pradesh, who either take a long detour to cross the river or spend over four hours crossing the mighty bramhaputra in a ferry, it has huge strategic importance as well.
;;-0.9022;;but it took the arrival of prime minister narendramodi to wage a war against the disease that kills two indians every three minutes, he said.
;;0.1027;;singapore: prime minister narendramodi met us defence secretary james mattis on the sidelines of the shangri la dialogue and went on board an indian navy ship at a naval base here on saturday, the concluding day of his three-nation tour of southeast asia, before departing for india.
;;0.6908;;jhunjhunu: thanks to their daughters, about 200 women from jhunjhunu district got an opportunity to interact with prime minister narendramodi on thursday.
;;-0.7783;;new delhi: about 25 opposition mps in rajya sabha wrote to prime minister narendramodi on thursday and accused the ruling party of gross abuse of power and unleashing cbi raids on lawyer indira jaising and the offices of lawyers collective.
;;-0.5408;;starting his speech with mitron, a term synonymous with prime minister narendramodi , the cm not only thanked the party workers and bjp 's allies for supporting the party, but also took potshots at the samajwadi party , despite whose support bsp failed to get its lone candidate elected to the upper house.
;;-0.2584;;it is only the opposition that said that prime minister narendramodi was not giving us time to meet him.
;;0.128;;this has been done through the mujkuva solar pump irrigators cooperative enterprise (spice)  indias first grid-connected solar enterprise which prime minister narendramodi launched during his visit to anand on september 30.
;;0.128;;the western railway drive was a part of swachhata he sewa campaign launched by prime minister narendramodi last year to mark mahatma gandhis 150th birth anniversary.
;;0.0;;read morenew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday led the swearing-in of new members of lok sabha to the chants of modi, modi and thumping of the desk from the bjp ranks, setting in motion the 17th lok sabha which bears an overwhelming bjp presence and a heavily shrunk opposition camp.
;;-0.0772;;it may be recalled that after a prolonged delay, the rs 150-crore super speciality block of grh began functioning from january 28, a day after prime minister narendramodi inaugurated it during his visit to the city.
;;-0.1531;;kanyakumari: prime minister narendramodi who will visit the district on tuesday will not be visiting cyclone ockhi affected fishermen or farmers at their place owing to technical reasons and will instead meet them at kanyakumari.
;;-0.1531;;the minister said that affected fishermen and farmers have been invited to meet narendramodi at an alternate location in kanyakumari.
;;0.0;;according to officials, since prime minister narendramodi represents varanasi in the lok sabha , the expenses have shot up in the past few years.
;;0.5267;;26 crore) was incurred after narendramodi became prime minister, winning elections from varanasi.
;;0.0;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee is likely to meet prime minister narendramodi in delhi on wednesday and her efforts to reach out to the pm invited a dig from the bjp which saw it as a classic example of opportunistic politics.
;;0.0;;bjp national secretary rahul sinha said, we all know the kind of language she (banerjee) had used against prime minister narendramodi during elections and even after that.
;;-0.5994;;co/vt8fwnanw3  office of rg (@officeofrg) 1495862286000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi and congress vice president rahul gandhi on saturday paid their tributes to pandit jawaharlal nehru on his 53rd death anniversary.
;;0.6486;;appearing on behalf of the government, advocate general kamal trivedi argued that the consultation process between the governor, council of ministers headed by chief minister narendramodi and gujarat high court chief justice (cj) was not over and the appointment of justice mehta was done in haste on august 25.
;;0.9325;;by iansnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi met newly crowned world champion p.v. sindhu and said the star shuttler has made india proud by becoming the first indian to win gold at bwf world championships.
;;-0.2263;;the 182 metres tall statue, dedicated to sardar vallabhbhai patel , was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in october 2018.
;;0.0;;the book will be released in ahmedabad by hamid ansari, vice-president of india, in the presence of gujarat chief minister narendramodi on january 7, 2012.
;;0.765;;last week, prime minister narendramodi launched a slew of measures, including loan sanction of up to rs 1 crore in less than an hour and relaxation in labour and environmental laws for msmes to give a boost to the sector, the country's second-biggest employer.
;;0.7579;;nadda, who made a brief halt in the city while on his way to delhi from bilaspur in himachal pradesh, told toi that the development work carried out by the union government under the charismatic leadership of prime minister narendramodi was going to win the saffron party all the four seats in the hill state yet again.
;;0.4404;;you will see people voting in favour of bjp to bring back narendramodi , he claimed.
;;0.6597;;the three class ix students never imagined that tinkering in the atal tinkering lab (atl) after class would fetch them an opportunity of a lifetime to discuss their innovation with prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.8462;;paris: prime minister narendramodi on friday asserted that the resounding mandate of 2019 lok sabha polls was not just for a government, but for building a 'new india' that focuses on ease of doing business while ensuring ease of living.
;;-0.0258;;surat: tourism in dandi, the coastal village in navsari district that got etched on global map when gandhiji broke the britishers draconian salt law in 1930, is all set to a further boost when prime minister narendramodi inaugurates the dandi salt memorial on wednesday.
;;-0.296;;with assembly polls around the corner in karnataka and other states, the aicc has instructed its units to avoid personal remarks on prime minister narendramodi and other bjp leaders in the state.
;;-0.4404;;fishermen associations expressed concern over continuance of such arrests despite prime minister narendramodi modis recent visit to sri lanka.
;;0.8481;;5s practices ( japances management techniques ) in the industry by its employees as well as in the society by its citizens, strengthens the swachh bharat and zed (zero effect and zero defect) in msme segment, the two major initiatives of our prime minister mr narendramodi , said sri ravindra kalur , promoter, m/s sai japanese management center of excellence.
;;0.6597;;in the first office-bearers' meet since the electoral setback, party leaders finalised a series of events for the next three months, which will see prime minister narendramodi and the bjp chief travelling to various parts of the country and holding public rallies and addressing party cadres.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will address the kisan morcha meet to be held in uttar pradesh on february 21-22 for which the host city is yet to be decided, yadav said.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: with the lok sabha elections only a few months away, prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to address a series of public meetings and inaugurate several projects in his home state before announcement of poll dates.
;;0.3612;;patna: the supply of compressed natural gas (cng) began at two petrol pumps on bypass road and rukanpura in patna on tuesday, two days after the inauguration of the city gas distribution (cgd) system by prime minister narendramodi in begusarai according to sources, approximately 50 cng-fuelled autorickshaws have arrived in the state capital.
;;-0.5927;;varanasi: every day, rajiv batwal kneads dough for chappatis in the kitchen of varanasis diesel locomotive workshop (dlw), but saturday will be a special day as hell be cooking for prime minister narendramodi and his entourage again.
;;-0.0772;;after visiting 27 villages of my constituency, there is a growing demand in villages of telangana to link agriculture with mgnregs, nizamabad mp kavitha kalvakuntla said and urged prime minister narendramodi and union agriculture minister radha mohan singh to consider the demand.
;;0.3818;;shimla: commenting on the 56 inch chest of prime minister narendramodi at shimla international literature festival-2019 landed tehseen poonawala on sticky wicket with local people fiercely opposing him for his comment and asked him to apologise.
;;0.1779;;he said that it does not seem that prime minister narendramodi wants kashmir issue to be resolved.
;;-0.802;;this story is from november 9, 2018targeted urban maoistsnew delhi: addressing an election rally in chhattisgarh's jagdalpur, prime minister narendramodi on fridayand accused them of exploiting the poor adivasis.
;;0.7964;;lucknow: hours before prime minister narendramodi released a postage stamp honouring 11th century king suheldev, bjp ally suheldev bharatiya samaj party ( sbsp ) chief and cabinet minister om prakash rajbhar triggered a fresh controversy on saturday by saying that the stamp does not mention rajbhar as suheldevs surname.
;;-0.5106;;referring to the bjp-led nda government at the centre headed by prime minister narendramodi , lal thanhawla said it has been a failure on all fronts, especially in its foreign policy.
;;0.0;;indian prime minister narendramodi , centre, talks with european council president donald tusk, left, and euro.
;;0.8481;;read moresurat: like in the past five years , surat bakers are again geared up for september 17 when they have elaborate plans to celebrate prime minister narendramodi modis birthday in a grand manner.
;;0.0;;raj had held several rallies ahead of the lok sabha elections targeting prime minister narendramodi and the bjp-led government in maharashtra.
;;0.128;;aizawl / shillong:prime minister narendramodi virtually launched bjps campaign for meghalaya, nagaland and tripura , which go to the polls early next year, by announcing on saturday that the centre would invest rs 90,000 crore on building roads in northeast in the next two to three years.
;;-0.1306;;manish sisodia(file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: a day after former delhi metro chief e sreedharan asked prime minister narendramodi not to agree to delhi government's free travel for women proposal, deputy chief minister manish sisodia on saturday said that the delhi metro was running in losses.
;;0.0258;;the actor's close association with prime minister narendramodi and his perceived saffron leanings have given rise to conjectures that he may take the political plunge with bjp backing.
;;-0.296;;if the labour market continues to soften, it could put pressure on prime minister narendramodi modis government ahead of next years general elections.
;;0.25;;the cm, who was called dalit dev by the organiser, up scheduled castes finance and development corporation chairman lalji prasad nirmal, spoke about ambedkars contribution to indias democracy and said that under prime minister narendramodi modis leadership bjp was taking forward the vision of the dalit icon.
;;0.3818;;this, despite prime minister narendramodi trying to take credit for the kartarpur sahib corridor he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi offering prayers while launching the tree plantation drive in varanasi.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi inaugurates a statue of former prime minister of india lal bahadur shastri at varanasi airport https://t.
;;0.128;;co/xfuripkzam  ani up (@aninewsup) 1562390582000varanasi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday launched a mega plantation drive in uttar pradesh by planting a sapling at a primary school in varanasi.
;;0.2732;;mehsana/panchmahal: after capitalizing on congress veteran mani shankar aiyars neech remark, prime minister narendramodi latched onto another indiscretion by another congress campaigner salman nizami to strongly invoke gujarati asmita (gujarati pride) in his public speeches.
;;0.6597;;new delhi: on a day when congress president rahul gandhi appointed his younger sister, priyanka, party general secretary, prime minister narendramodi said bjp is the only party that remains democratic while others have been reduced to family fiefs.
;;0.6369;;session of the sco summit +qingdao: prime minister narendramodi said today that connectivity with the neighbourhood and in the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) region is india's priority as he stressed that his country was committed to extend full cooperation to a successful outcome of the summit.
;;0.1779;;independence day celebrationsfield marshal manekshaw parade groundchief minister bs yediyurappamadras engineer groupmartial artphotos: bengaluru glows in the spirit of the 73rd independence day 1 9 pm modi unfurls the national flag at red fort for the sixth consecutive year, prime minister narendramodi unfurled the indian tricolour at the red fort in new delhi.
;;0.0;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1519697525000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday urged the people of nagaland and meghalaya to come out and vote in large numbers for the assembly elections.
;;0.5267;;anwar announced he was quitting the ncp and was also giving up his lok sabha membership on september 28 after sharad pawar's defence of prime minister narendramodi on the rafale fighter jet deal.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister narendramodi will soon inaugurate the diesel locomotive factory at marhowra in saran district, deputy cm sushil kumar modi said on friday.
;;0.2023;;the upa government only made promises in its over 10 years regime, but the narendramodi government did not only complete the bidding process and the remaining formalities but also commenced production from marhowra factory and madhepura electric locomotive factory in the last three years, sumo said.
;;0.6249;;mumbai: prime minister narendramodi is expected to launch the campaign for the upcoming lok sabha elections at solapur on january 9 while laying the foundation stone for one of the worlds largest affordable housing schemes at rs 1,811 crore, a rs 244 crore water distribution improvement project, a rs 180 crore underground sewerage scheme as well as a rs 205 crore sewerage system in the city.
;;-0.7579;;(toi file photo by n kanaka)new delhi has already rejected trump's claimwashington: president donald trump remarks on monday that prime minister narendramodi sought his mediation on the kashmir issue will damage the india-us relations, ex-diplomats said.
;;0.4939;;while jayalalithaa was known to be a friend of prime minister narendramodi , she maintained an identity of her own.
;;0.34;;under the mission launched by prime minister narendramodi in june 2015, the ministry has selected 100 cities, where 5,151 projects worth rs 2,05,018 crore are proposed to be executed in five years.
;;0.3818;;other demands include constructing a 'marathi bhavan' in mumbai or allot four floors from the air india building which the state government is planning to buy, prepare a master-plan to ensure marathi schools in the state don't shut down, and to meet prime minister narendramodi to get marathi declared as a classical language.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi has exhorted bjp workers to ensure the party wins 150 of the 182 seats in the state.
;;0.0;;pompeo, who arrived here tuesday night, also called on prime minister narendramodi in the morning and discussed various aspects of the indo-us relationship.
;;-0.6249;;cpm is writing to prime minister narendramodi against the violence.
;;0.5106;;referring to prime minister narendramodi modis speech during the opening of the indian science congress, haldane said: pm modi wanted to encourage state universities.
;;0.128;;abu azmi (file photo)mumbai: with the indian cricketers likely to don orange jerseys during a few world cup encounters, abu azmi , a samajwadi party mla from mumbai, on wednesday accused prime minister narendramodi of trying to 'saffronise' everything.
;;-0.3182;;he, however, advocated a wait and watch approach amid demands from many of his bjp colleagues for a law to construct a ram temple at the disputed site in ayodhya , and said the narendramodi government has not spoken on the matter yet.
;;0.807;;he also claimed that there was growing support for prime minister narendramodi among muslim voters, saying in the four and half years of his government, their mindset and approach had changed a lot and they had become very positive.
;;0.7964;;on february 13, mulayam singh had dropped a bombshell at the concluding session of parliament with fulsome praise of prime minister narendramodi i want to congratulate the pm that he tried to move ahead and take everyone along.
;;-0.3291;;london: prime minister narendramodi is expected to have private meetings with queen elizabeth ii and uk prime minister theresa may during his upcoming trip to the uk for the commonwealth heads of government meeting (chogm), but his trip is also set to be blighted by protests.
;;0.0;;he said prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah are eyeing karnataka after gujarat elections.
;;0.3818;;he has a clear understanding of the issues in the northeast regarding the bill, conrad said, adding that the delegation will soon meet prime minister narendramodi to discuss the issue.
;;0.7096;;i welcome kapil mishra and richa pandey into bjp and hope they will serve delhi by following the policies of prime minister narendramodi and philosophy of deen dayal upadhyay and syama prasad mookerjee, tiwari said.
;;0.0;;trichy: dmk working president and opposition leader m k stalin has appealed to the general public to hoist a black flag atop their house and wear black shirts during prime minister narendramodi 's visit to chennai on april 12.
;;0.3753;;prime minister narendramodi says the dreams of the gorkha community are mine, yet the dreams have not been fulfilled, he said, referring to the demand for a separate state.
;;-0.5859;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will visit japan next week to attend the g-20 summit where issues such as financial stability, wto reform, black money, and terrorism will be on top of the agenda for india.
;;0.0;;before the start of proceedings, bjp members were seen clapping when prime minister narendramodi walked into the house.
;;-0.34;;jaipur: the state congress on monday disputed prime minister narendramodi modis claim that every village in the country has been electrified.
;;0.4767;;he said prime minister narendramodi had signed the paris accord where he set an ambitious target to bring down emissions to the levels of year 2005 by 2030 in india.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi and his nepal counterpart k p sharma oli on tuesday jointly inaugurated the motihari-amlekhganj petroleum product pipeline via a video link.
;;0.1027;;new delhi: after concluding his two-day visit to attend shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in bishkek , prime minister narendramodi on saturday reached india.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi and union sports minister rajyavardhan singh rathore were scheduled to attend the festival but pulled out at the last moment.
;;0.5574;;he expressed happiness over chief minister v narayanasamys comment referring to him as the brother of prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and jharkhand chief minister raghubar das.
;;0.6597;;hazaribag: chief minister raghubar das on sunday borrowed prime minister narendramodi modis popular catch phrase double-engine growth, which the latter used in his sindri visit last year, to list the key achievements during his tenure.
;;-0.4767;;gurdaspur: sad president sukhbir singh badal and bjp state president shwait malik held a meeting here on wednesday to take stock of prime minister narendramodi modis first public rally in 2019.
;;0.2144;;hyderabad: soon after his press conference where he announced that the telugu desam party was pulling out of the nda government on wednesday night, ap chief minister n chandrababu naidu tried to contact prime minister narendramodi but he could not speak to him.
;;0.0;;while javadekar addressed a press conference here and released a booklet on the government's achievements, prime minister narendramodi talked about his government's works at a rally in haryana's rohtak.
;;0.6369;;bengaluru: a day after his predecessor manmohan singh expressed concern over the dipping growth of economy in the country, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday claimed that indias economy is flourishing under his leadership, besides contributing significantly to the growth of the world economy.
;;0.4019;;the thirdnew delhi: addressing an election rally in karnataka's tumakuru, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said the janata dal (secular) is working towards saving the congress party in the upcoming assembly elections.
;;0.0;;officials said the date, fare and the timing of the train will be announced soon and prime minister narendramodi will launch it.
;;-0.4939;;he added that prime minister narendramodi had spoken to jaitley's family members and that the whole cadre of bjp was with them in this hour of grief.
;;-0.2263;;banerjee had started the dharna at metro channel on sunday evening  terming it an apolitical satyagraha  demanding an end to the misuse of central agencies by the narendramodi government.
;;0.0;;banerjee also had prime minister narendramodi directly in her crosshairs.
;;-0.2023;;talking to toi on wednesday, a senior party functionary said that jd(u)'s leaders, especially nitish kumar and sharad yadav, have been fiercely critical of gujarat chief minister narendramodi and have made no bones about expressing their reservation over his projection.
;;0.128;;mumbai: prime minister narendramodi digitally launched entrepreneurship cells and skill hubs at 66 colleges across the country, including 12 from the city, on sunday.
;;0.0;;jab hamari sarkar hogi toh humse poochhiyega (you ask this question to prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0;;as an interim measure, the appointments committee of the cabinet led by prime minister narendramodi has given charge of the cbi to joint director m nageswar rao, an odisha-cadre officer, with immediate effect, a government order said.
;;0.0;;it is for this reason that he is known to be well-connected to prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah.
;;0.4019;;bijnor: it came as a surprise to two sisters, aged 10 and 5, who had not expected a reply from prime minister narendramodi when they sent handmade cards with new year wishes to him.
;;0.6808;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday said that governors have a pivotal role in ensuring welfare of tribal communities in states with significant population of sts, in what appeared to be an allusion to the much-ignored constitutional arrangement which gives raj bhavans a special place in the administration of scheduled areas.
;;0.4215;;the organizations, campaigning for safeguarding manipur's territorial integrity and unity, also demanded that prime minister narendramodi clarify ravi's statement.
;;0.0;;79 lakh tourists who visited the statue of unity since its inauguration on october 31 by prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.4939;;gadkari also talked about leadership beyond caste considerations and praised prime minister narendramodi for never invoking his caste.
;;-0.8338;;bhopal: computer baba may have dropped his ' narmada ghotala yatra ' campaign against the shivraj singh chouhan government after getting minister-of-state (mos) status, but his complaint to prime minister narendramodi on the alleged scam is still progressing.
;;-0.8788;;this story is from november 27, 2018prime minister narendramodi addresses a rally in bhilwara on mondaydownload the times of india news app for latest citybhilwara: addressing election rallies in poll-bound rajasthan on the 10th anniversary of 26/11 mumbai terror attacks, prime minister narendramodi criticised the congress for teaching patriotism to opposition parties in 2008 and now demanding the proof for 2016 surgical strikes addressing his first election meeting of the day in bhilwara on monday, modi said the nation will never forget 26/11 mumbai and the perpetrators and was waiting for the appropriate time as law would take its course.
;;0.0;;the pontiff called upon fellow seers and heads of religious institutions to fix a date to meet prime minister narendramodi to press for a law for construction of the temple.
;;0.7096;;lucknow: after samajwadi party patriarch mulayam singh yadav praised prime minister narendramodi and wished that the latter returns to power after the general elections this year, posters thanking the former uttar pradesh chief minister appeared here on wednesday.
;;0.5994;;in a surprising statement which left the opposition squirming, mulayam in the lok sabha said he wished to see prime minister narendramodi back as prime minister of india notably, congress leader and united progressive alliance chairperson sonia gandhi was sitting next to mulayam in the lok sabha.
;;0.6249;;i want to say that all members must win and come again and narendramodi should become the prime minister again, he said in lok sabha.
;;0.4019;;it (hcmtr) will help infuse a new life into the existing integrated transport system as it will connect to metro and the ring road, the chief minister said after the foundation laying ceremony of the third metro line by prime minister narendramodi on tuesday.
;;-0.4939;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi , who was recently on a four-day visit to china, had taken up the issue with chinese authorities of the indians jailed there since january 2010.
;;0.2732;;new delhi: in a surprise move, chief minister arvind kejriwal on sunday visited tughlak road police station to meet telugu desam party mps detained by police while marching towards the official residence of prime minister narendramodi .
;;-0.1027;;lucknow: a day after prime minister narendramodi spoke of evergreen revolution in agriculture on completion of 50 years of the green revolution launched during indira gandhi regime, the congress hit back at the nda government at centre describing its pro-farmers measures as a sham and demanded white paper on the state of agriculture.
;;0.0258;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , cpi leader binoy viswam said that shah's assertion that hindi was the only unifying factor in the making of a modern india was like denying the national reality.
;;-0.3182;;asked about prime minister narendramodi 's visit to china amid tension along the border, singh said the government believed in establishing a cordial relationship with the country's neighbours.
;;-0.0772;;new delhi: leading a united opposition charge against the home ministry's directive empowering central agencies to monitor all computers and phones, congress president rahul gandhi said the government's blanket surveillance order had exposed prime minister narendramodi as an insecure dictator.
;;0.0;;vijayawada: andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu along with union civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju tried out a a sea plane on river krishna on wednesday, a day after prime minister narendramodi achieved a similar feat.
;;0.128;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi unveiled a 12-point action plan on friday for micro small and medium enterprises (msmes)  including subsidised loans, higher procurement and easier labour and green rules  as he sought to address concerns of small businesses, many of whom have been critical of demonetisation and the goods and services tax.
;;0.5859;;jhunjhunu hogged the limelight when prime minister narendramodi chose to extend the governments ambitious beti bachao beti padhao (bbbp) across the country from here on march 8, due to explicit implementation of the scheme in the district jhunjhunu.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , who returned to office for a second term in may, has pledged to grow india to a $5 trillion economy by 2024, from $2.
;;0.0;;guwahati: prime minister narendramodi modis two-day trip to the northeast, which he embarked upon on friday, is his fourth visit to the region in as many months.
;;0.4767;;during his visit to singapore on may 31, 2018, prime minister narendramodi had launched three indian apps - bhim, rupay and sbi app - at a 'business, innovation and community event'.
;;0.5233;;the opposition leader once again reiterated his allegation against the prime minister narendramodi for releasing very meagre relief fund and not visiting the gaja-hit people.
;;0.5106;;referring to prime minister narendramodi 's speech during the opening of the indian science congress, haldane said: pm modi wanted to encourage state universities.
;;0.3818;;co/advztmyfrm  aap (@aamaadmiparty) 1520653774000new delhi: delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal has written to prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi, seeking time to meet them for resolving the issue of sealing of shops in the national capital.
;;-0.0613;;all india sikh conference president gurcharan singh babbar said they had submitted a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to stop the release of the movie without delay.
;;0.1027;;reacting sharply to us president donald trumps library jibe at prime minister narendramodi , bjp general secretary ram madhav on thursday said india has been doing immense development work in afghanistan for which the people of the war-ravaged country thank us, no matter what others do or dont.
;;-0.7783;;suffering from depression, this morbidly obese woman  weighing close to 200kg  shot off several letters to prime minister narendramodi and the then chief minister, anandiben patel , seeking permission for euthanasia.
;;0.4949;;he hailed prime minister narendramodi and president donald trump , saying they are leaders who aren't scared to take risks and the two countries are poised to do incredible things together.
;;0.0;;priya and her father, 50-year-old labourer brijpal singh, previously approached everyone - from cm yogi adityanath to prime minister narendramodi - for financial aid.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi himself said naidu used polavaram as an atm.
;;0.8481;;excavation underway at another site in vadnagaran artists impression of a part of the museumthe remains of a buddhist monasterygandhinagar: over the next four years, prime minister narendramodi modis hometown of vadnagar will get a new attraction  an experiential museum to give tourists a richer impression of the towns 2,200-year heritage.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday called india's democracy a celebration of our age old plurality, recalling that religions and beliefs from all over the world flourished in the country.
;;0.0;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis on friday briefed prime minister narendramodi on the flood situation in the state.
;;0.0;;cm fadnavis briefs pm narendramodi on maharashtra floods situation.
;;0.0;;in the last four years, prime minister narendramodi has travelled to different counties of the world and different indian states, but never has he set foot in ayodhya.
;;0.4019;;in a move clearly aimed at consolidating the opposition against prime minister narendramodi , dmk working president m k stalin has initiated the process to convene a national-level conference on state autonomy.
;;0.8689;;on tuesdayon mondayvijayapura/koppal: prime minister narendramodi said the congress had lost faith in its chief rahul gandhis ability to win elections, and has roped in his mother, sonia gandhi , to at least save its candidates deposits.
;;-0.9349;;trichy: the mangalamedu police in perambalur district arrested headquarters speaker of the tamil nadu muslim munnetra kazhagam tmmk ) from here on wednesday for his derogatory remarks against prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah m mohammed shareef, 24, of marsingpet in trichy was arrested by the police on charges of disobedience to order, threat to a public servant, provoking breach of peace and criminal intimidation.
;;0.0;;co/q4prnjmpok  ani (@ani) 1513574200000gujaratgujaratnew delhi: as early trends emerging from counting centres indicated that the bjp will likely form the next government in both gujarat and himachal pradesh , prime minister narendramodi flashed the victory sign to cameras outside parliament on monday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is also expected to take part in the event.
;;0.3818;;she expressed hope that prime minister narendramodi would take serious note of the j&k leaders remark.
;;0.5719;;trudeau then joked about him being welcomed by the minister of state for agriculture gajendra shekhawat and not prime minister narendramodi as the norm had been till trudeau landed in india.
;;0.0;;washington: us vice president mike pence would meet prime minister narendramodi during his four-nation trip next week, during which he will also attend the us-asean summit and the east asia summit in singapore, the white house has said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had on february 15 flagged off the semi-high speed train from new delhi railway station.
;;0.4404;;rajya sabha member prabhakar kore thanked prime minister narendramodi for including belagavi under the udan scheme.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has appealed for self-restrain on use of single-use plastics.
;;0.3612;;goyal credited prime minister narendramodi and jaitley for the insolvency resolution plan.
;;-0.25;;zirakpur: prime minister narendramodi modis dream project to have public and community toilets in every corner of the country is still a far cry as any initiative regarding this is yet to reach the town of zirakpur.
;;0.7783;;for this exercise, being like-minded is not necessary but people should be right-minded, singh said, adding,there is extreme love in the heart of prime minister narendramodi for jammu and kashmir .
;;-0.6597;;the police said the protesters set fire to the effigies of prime minister narendramodi , assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal, and also blocked the national highway shouting slogans against the bjp-led nda government.
;;0.3612;;adityanath made a sudden visit to greater noida on sunday night to oversee preparations for prime minister narendramodi modis visit to inaugurate petrotech 2019 on monday.
;;0.0;;he has, through unrelenting efforts, converted the nationwide following of prime minister narendramodi into considerable depth in the localities.
;;0.0;;a couple of hours before prime minister narendramodi walked down a small stretch of the 9.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has a soft corner for indian railways.
;;0.4404;;kher, a kashmiri pandit, has been seen supporting prime minister narendramodi and bjp government on several occasions.
;;-0.5994;;while shahid sthal metro station will be named in the memory of martyrs of sepoy mutiny in 1857, major mohit sharma rajender nagar metro station will be in the memory of a martyr in the kargil war, added maheshwarithe state governments decision to rename metro stations comes in the midst of bjp state office asking its district unit to start preparation for prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanaths visit to inaugurate the dilshad garden-new bus adda metro line.
;;-0.296;;mansingh goswami, the district president of bjp said, we have been asked to start preparation for the visit of prime minister narendramodi and up chief minister yogi adityanath who are expected to arrive on march 8, however, the date is tentative as there is no official confirmation yet.
;;0.0772;;panaji: cocking a snook at prime minister narendramodi modis suggestion to the state governments to procure all requirements through the government e-marketplace (gem), the info-tech corporation of goa has made it mandatory for all state departments and semi-autonomous bodies to buy it hardware through a fixed panel of vendors at a fixed price by paying 5  commission to it.
;;0.0772;;in eastern uttar pradesh, the highest number of 10 firs were registered in prime minister narendramodi 's constituency - varanasi.
;;0.1027;;the petitioner has said he had made representations to various authorities including prime minister narendramodi , who had forwarded it to the ministry of defence and the indian air force.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi in his election campaign in the state had also promised an early solution.
;;0.0;;the statue was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on the 143rd birth anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel - the first home minister and deputy prime minister of india.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi , chief ministers of more than a dozen states, top business leaders, and eminent persons representing various fields are expected to participate in the event.
;;-0.1779;;kejriwal also took on prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, accusing modi of trying to shut down mohalla clinics .
;;0.9001;;alona suresh, a second-year undergraduate student of mcc ( madras christian college ), who won the all india best cadet gold medal and director generals baton from the prime minister narendramodi is just back to chennai after visiting her parents in oman.
;;0.0;;sindhu is scheduled to meet prime minister narendramodi and union minister of youth affairs and sports kiren rijiju later on tuesday.
;;0.2244;;turning to prime minister narendramodi , the cm advised him to focus on positive politics, shun negativity and not stall delhis projects through the lg.
;;0.0;;amit s upadhye byexpress news servicebengaluru: karnataka slipped to the second position in tiger numbers, closing behind india's new tiger state - madhya pradesh in the new tiger census which was announced by prime minister narendramodi on monday.
;;0.25;;biplab said, we are indebted to prime minister narendramodi for coming up with a new vision for the northeast.
;;-0.3182;;bhachau (kutch): prime minister narendramodi urged people of kutch to value each drop of narmada water as budget meant for poor was cut to ensure large budgetary allocations to bring narmada water to the arid district of kutch.
;;0.1027;;balasore/bhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik on wednesday reached out to members of women self-help groups (shg)s during his visit to baripada , in tribal-dominated mayurbhanj district addressing a gathering of more than 50,000 people at chhau ground, the venue from where prime minister narendramodi had recently criticised the bjd government over womens safety, naveen spread the message of women empowerment through mission shakti.
;;0.2037;;they claimed that prime minister narendramodi and naidu are not committed to the giving the special status tag because they do not stand to benefit from it.
;;0.3612;;closer home, prime minister narendramodi has repeatedly exhorted greater public participation for total sanitation, a call that he reiterated recently on october 2.
;;0.6249;;cuttack: a special protection group on wednesday reviewed security arrangements at the bali yatra grounds where prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to address a gathering on may 26 to mark completion of four years of his government,the commissionerate police said at least 100 platoons of force will be deployed on the occasion.
;;-0.1779;;while chief minister jai ram thakur had attacked the congress on monday, saying the party is worried as the name of its top leadership has surfaced in the case, state congress president sukhvinder singh sukhu hit back at the bjp on tuesday, alleging that it was prime minister narendramodi who is involved in the deal.
;;-0.4767;;the apprehension among sl tamils in fact started building up when rajapaksa called on prime minister narendramodi in september.
;;0.2732;;however, he is still well behind prime minister narendramodi , who has 42.
;;0.6597;;shimla: after the rally of prime minister narendramodi at shimla, and the recent visit of bjp national president amit shah to palampur in kangra district, now union home minister rajnath singh is going to visit hamirpur to attend the tridev sammelan of the party, where he would give tips to party workers about the coming assembly election.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday inaugurated the 4.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi on november 8, 2016, announced a ban on then in use rs 1000 and rs 500 denomination bank notes with immediate effect.
;;0.7906;;gorakhpur: chief minister yogi adityanath, on friday, praised prime minister narendramodi for completion of three successful years of nda government with its policy of 'sabka saath, sabka vikas' and setting new milestones for development.
;;0.0;;co/melizd7j1n  narendramodi_in (@narendramodi_in) 1512800523000salman nizami asks on twitter- modi who is your father, who is your mother.
;;-0.8176;;co/jxcdmoc0do  narendramodi_in (@narendramodi_in) 1512799990000i want to tell all congress leaders who are abusing me, mocking my poor family, asking who my parents are- this nat https://t.
;;0.0;;co/fsc3epm6ta  narendramodi_in (@narendramodi_in) 1512800450000salman nizami kaun hai hum jaante hi nahi.
;;-0.5106;;co/b9mteaqlet  ani (@ani) 1512802971000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday accused the congress of misleading the muslims of the country by giving them fake promise of reservation while addressing an election rally in gujarats lunavada.
;;0.5574;;chennai: amma makkal munnetra kazhagam (ammk) founder t t v dhinakaran has urged chief minister edappadi k palaniswami to lead an all-party delegation to meet prime minister narendramodi after the supreme court on monday asked the centre to file a draft plan on setting up a cauvery management board by may 3.
;;0.5754;;ayodhya: reacting to prime minister narendramodi modis remark on the ram temple issue, triloki nath pandey, one of the main litigants from the hindu side, said on wednesday that if the pm wanted to wait for courts verdict he should have stated this clearly in 2014 and not kept the hindus in dark for four years.
;;-0.1027;;top sachivalaya sources said, uid project chief nandan nilekani, who met chief minister narendramodi on monday, gave his nod for such a centre, in which details ranging from property ownership, bank accounts and income tax payments to whether below poverty line and if entitled to state welfare schemes will be entered.
;;0.0;;state congress chief girish chodankar said since neither prime minister narendramodi , national bjp president amit shah nor the local leadership is taking any action or decision, ngos have decided to take the lead and march to the cm's house.
;;-0.6908;;ahmedabad: dalit leader and mla, jignesh mevani wrote to prime minister narendramodi about the need for the latters intervention on the recent rape cases in kathua in jammu and kashmir and in unnao in uttar pradesh.
;;-0.6808;;he criticised prime minister narendramodi alleging that he had gone back on his words and that the nation has been duped by the bjp government.
;;0.3716;;prime minister narendramodi had promised to ensure bring back black money, provide jobs and work for public welfare but nothing has been done for the country.
;;0.0;;stockholm: india is going through a period of change and the government in the last four years has worked towards building a developed and inclusive country, prime minister narendramodi said here tonight.
;;-0.6486;;* after holding agitations over the last few days to protest against the top court's ruling on the sc/st act, several dalit outfits have called for a bharat bandh today * a delegation of dalit lawmakers is scheduled to meet prime minister narendramodi today to apprise him of the issues concerning the scs and sts, including the unhappiness among the community over the apex court verdict on sc/st act.
;;0.296;;gehlot also read out a letter he has written to prime minister narendramodi on farmers issues, including purchase of  moong on minimum support price and the demand to waive farm loans across the country.
;;0.0;;kolkata: the newly set up circuit bench of calcutta high court in jalpaiguri will start operations from march 11, a month after prime minister narendramodi unveiled the facility by the click of a button from maynaguri on friday.
;;0.6908;;addressing bjp workers in delhi, prime minister narendramodi , who undertook a vigorous campaign, hailed the party's win in karnataka as unparalleled and unprecedented.
;;0.4404;;attacking the saffron party, he said it had changed its uttar pradesh in-charge only to save one seat (of prime minister narendramodi ).
;;0.0;;new delhi: former cabinet secretary p k sinha has been appointed the principal adviser to prime minister narendramodi , an official order said on wednesday.
;;0.1531;;pm modi, pak president mamnoon hussain shake hands at sco summit amid frosty bilateral relationship, prime minister narendramodi and pakistani president mamnoon hussain on sunday exchanged pleasantries after a press conference by the leaders of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco).
;;-0.7184;;many demanded stern action from prime minister narendramodi against the terrorists and pakistan.
;;0.6124;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi and several other political leaders on tuesday paid tributes to freedom fighters chandra shekhar azad and bal gangadhar tilak at their birth anniversary.
;;0.0;;chief minister jai ram thakur said he had discussed the issue of providing air connectivity to the far-flung areas of the state with prime minister narendramodi during his recent visit to delhi.
;;0.3612;;bhupesh kumar, a resident of pakistan wali gali, interacts with a journalist (ani photo)download the times of india news app for latest citygreater noida: residents of 'pakistan wali gali' in greater noida on tuesday urged prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath to change the name of their colony as they were not being able to access basic amenities provided by the government due to their locality's name.
;;-0.7003;;the move follows a complaint by wildlife activist manoj r to prime minister narendramodi regarding alleged illegal implementation of the canopy walk tourism project construction work in dandeli wildlife sanctuary.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 21, 2018paresh dhanani (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citygandhinagar: senior congress leader paresh dhanani , who is also the leader of opposition in the gujarat assembly, on tuesday called prime minister narendramodi and gujarat chief minister vijay rupani chor (thieves).
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with rajya sabha mps tg venkatesh, ys chowdary and cm ramesh, in new delhi on fri.
;;0.0;;gujarat is a state ruled by prime minister narendramodi for over a decade.
;;0.3612;;media reports earlier suggested that prime minister narendramodi is keen on a change in the financial year.
;;0.1531;;addressing a press conference here on monday, moghe said the protest in delhi was aimed at reminding prime minister narendramodi of the plethora of promises he had made to farmers at a nationally live telecast from the temple town of dabhdi in arni taluka on march 20, 2014.
;;0.25;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will pitch for higher foreign investments into india riding on the economic reforms of the past three years, and will also outline delhis vision of an inclusive and rules-based world order amid chinas one belt one road initiative when he addresses the 21st edition of the st petersburg international economic forum (spief) on june 2.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 13, 2019gangajal project was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on january 9download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4767;;agra: water supply to several parched localities in the cities has improved ever since the gangajal project was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on january 9.
;;0.0;;speaking about the increasing petrol and diesel prices, narayanasamy said prime minister narendramodi is on a path of self-destruction.
;;0.0;;mangaluru: prime minister narendramodi , union minister for road transport and highways nitin gadkari and dk mp nalin kumar kateel on sunday inaugurated the thokkottu flyover.
;;0.0;;author of samantar drusti samagra vikasachi vandana navghare said she got the idea of writing the book from prime minister narendramodi modis idea to launch swachh bharat campaign on gandhi jayanti.
;;0.7184;;bhopal: prime minister narendramodi modis announcement of a defence industrial corridor in bundelkhand has raised hopes in madhya pradesh of transforming this parched region into a land of opportunity.
;;0.802;;heartfelt gratitude to pm narendramodi for announcing a defence industrial corridor for bundelkhand.
;;0.6808;;the meeting was held ahead of a scheduled high-level 14th conference of parties (cop14) to united nations convention to combat desertification (unccd), which is to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi at greater noida on monday.
;;0.2263;;mumbai/pune: prime minister narendramodi is to launch infrastructure and housing projects worth about rs 41,000 crore in the state on tuesday, said officials on the eve of his visit.
;;0.4854;;old age pension +health protection plan +new delhi: prime minister narendramodi is set to extend a welfare program to indias 500 million (50 crore) workers as he bids for re-election in 2019, but he has limited time and resources to implement the ambitious plan.
;;0.836;;now security forces have been given a free hand under the nda government, under the leadership of (prime minister) narendramodi , he said.
;;-0.1779;;the union government under the dynamic leadership of prime minister narendramodi is determined to curb all types of violence and bring development to the interior areas of the affected states, he said.
;;-0.5994;;ehsan jafris widow, zakia, moved a petition before the apex court, which is pending, against prime minister narendramodi being exonerated in a case relating to the alleged larger conspiracy behind the 2002 gujarat riots.
;;0.4019;;co/to2uhvoi6c  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1561770232000osaka: prime minister narendramodi met the presidents of indonesia and brazil separately on the sidelines of the g-20 summit here saturday, and discussed ways to boost bilateral ties and enhance cooperation in trade and investment.
;;0.5267;;united nations: prime minister narendramodi will address the annual high-level un general assembly session on september 27 and will have a packed agenda of bilateral and multilateral engagements during his nearly week-long stay in new york.
;;0.6597;;chennai: aiadmk rajya sabha member and senior party leader v maitreyan will be leading the celebrations of former j jayalalithaa 's 70th birthday, organised by aiadmk party workers from uttar pradesh , in varanasi, the lok sabha constituency of prime minister narendramodi , on saturday.
;;-0.2551;;in fact, they did not want prakash rai, who had stirred a hornets nest by making controversial remarks against prime minister narendramodi recently, to inaugurate the karavali utsava.
;;0.5106;;the 2019 elections showed people that how strong bjp is and that people are with prime minister narendramodi and the bjp.
;;0.8225;;he has decided to support prime minister narendramodi so as to extract maximum support from the centre and walk together with telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao to resolve the contentious issue of ap reorganisation act and river water sharing.
;;0.0;;margao: navelim congress mla luizinho faleiro on friday urged government authorities to inspect and maintain old sulabh sauchalayas (toilets) before undertaking construction of new toilets as part of prime minister narendramodi 's mission of making india open defecation-free (odf).
;;0.3818;;while the mp scoreline was still fluid, prime minister narendramodi tweeted: we accept the peoples mandate with humility.
;;0.6124;;mamata banerjee (file photo)kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on tuesday wrote to prime minister narendramodi to stall and reverse the process of corporatising ordnance factories in the interest of national security and the country's defence.
;;-0.128;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis on friday slammed opposition parties for blaming electronic voting machines (evms) for poll reverses, claiming voters have only prime minister narendramodi in mind.
;;0.0;;patole had quit bjp some months ago personally targeting prime minister narendramodi and state cm devendra fadnavis, and then joined congress .
;;0.891;;chouhan thanked the people of telangana for showering their love and blessings on prime minister narendramodi and the bjp.
;;0.0772;;the work done by prime minister narendramodi for the welfare of the sc community will be elaborated upon at the rally and we want to give the message that the bjp government is working for them, said a bjp leader.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 29, 2018prime minister narendramodi shakes hands with his bhutanese counterpart lotay tshering (ap)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: pm narendramodi on friday announced that india would contribute rs 4,500 crore to bhutans 12th five-year economic plan after a meeting with visiting bhutanese pm lotay tshering, a significant outreach with an important neighbour who occupies a strategic geography between india and china.
;;0.4767;;30 lakh hectaresformer prime minister h d deve gowda on monday requested prime minister narendramodi to release rs 5,000 crore as interim relief to the state and to notify the floods as a national calamity.
;;0.6597;;varanasi: when prime minister narendramodi promised to serve the ailing 'maa ganga' while launching his election campaign here in 2014, a lot of hope was generated.
;;0.5859;;(file photo)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday gave a booster shot to his energy plan months ahead of the general elections by simultaneously launching work on city gas distribution projects in 129 districts across 18 states with a view to piping clean cooking fuel to two crore households, widening the coverage to over 400 districts and installing 10,000 cng stations.
;;0.743;;this event will give a major boost to gujarat and the statue of unity --which is the culmination of a grand vision envisaged by narendramodi to pay tribute to sardar vallabhbhai patel.
;;-0.5719;;it must be recalled that when the statue of unity was unveiled by prime minister narendramodi , he had stressed that this was the most befitting tribute to the iron man of india, sardar vallabhbhai patel who was consistently ignored by congress.
;;0.0;;all ias and ips probationary officers will meet prime minister narendramodi at the statue of unity on october 31, which is the birth anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel.
;;0.6369;;this statue is a result of the then chief minister narendramodi modis vision and courage.
;;0.836;;cm narendramodi took the decision to honour the son of soil sardar patel and establish him as a key figure in the freedom movement.
;;0.0;;the project was first announced in 2010 by gujarat chief minister narendramodi and the construction of the statue started in october 2013.
;;0.0;;it was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on october 31, 2018, the 143rd anniversary of patels birth.
;;0.0;;in a unique experiment, cm narendramodi initiated peoples movement to build this statue of unity.
;;0.3612;;we would like to see south asia integrated much more closely with india, so we cannot be seen as taking sides, parthasarthy said, adding that india's prime minister narendramodi hosted both rajapaksa and wickremesinghe in separate visits to new delhi last month.
;;0.7783;;houston: huge digital billboards on major highways across houston welcoming prime minister narendramodi and indian flags fluttering outside the homes of indian-americans are signs that they are eagerly awaiting his arrival here on september 22 for the mega diaspora event.
;;-0.936;;coimbatore: a coimbatore bomb blast case convict, out after serving his prison term, was arrested on monday after an audio clip of his telephonic conversation with a truck contractor in which he is heard saying he was planning to kill prime minister narendramodi surfaced.
;;0.6124;;(toi file photo)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday condoled the demise of former madhya pradesh chief minister babulal gaur , saying he continuously worked to strengthen the party.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi had laid the foundation of this centre, which is first of its kind in the country, during a visit to the city in september 2018.
;;0.1027;;defence officials say prime minister narendramodi is likely to inaugurate the world-class nwm, adjoining the india gate complex on the majestic rajpath in the capital, on january 25.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi (toi photo)modi's independence day's addressswachhta hi sevanew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday urged people to observe the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi this year as a day to make india plastic-free and exhorted municipalities, ngos and the corporate sector to come up with ways for safe disposal of accumulated plastic waste before diwali.
;;-0.2263;;new delhi: spread over 40 acres, the national war memorial will be dedicated to the nation by prime minister narendramodi on monday.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will visit jammu and kashmir on sunday to lay the foundation or inaugurate various development projects, including two all india institutes of medical sciences ( aiims ) in jammu and srinagar divisions and the university of ladakh he will also visit the famous dal lake in srinagar during his visit to jammu and kashmir.
;;0.4404;;agriculture minister prabhulal saini said that prime minister narendramodi has made efforts to improve the image of india abroad.
;;0.0;;ahmedabad: prime minister narendramodi will visit the sardar sarovar dam (ssd) and offer prayers there on september 17, his birthday, gujarat chief minister vijay rupani said on saturday.
;;-0.4404;;he said the attacks have been brought before the attention of the central government and prime minister narendramodi he visited the houses of rajyasabha mp v muralidharan, rss kannur vibhag sanghachalak c chandrashekahran and yuva morcha mandalam president reeth.
;;-0.6249;;advanis comments followed lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan adjourning the house for a second time after congress mps disrupted proceedings and demanded an apology from prime minister narendramodi for his allegations of conspiracy against former pm manmohan singh.
;;0.1531;;thus, whoever meets or greets me in markets and other public places i visit everyday, i am requesting them to vote for my father, to finally see narendramodi modiji become the prime minister again, said naveen while talking to toi on saturday.
;;0.6705;;thanks to prime minister narendramodi who announced international yoga day, to give out the message loud and clear that yoga originated in india, he added.
;;0.7351;;new delhi: describing his visit to nepal as a reaffirmation of his government's neighbourhood first policy, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the engagement reflects the high priority he attaches to the age-old and friendly ties with the himalayan nation.
;;0.4404;;he added that just 17 days after prime minister narendramodi formed government, the historic decision to raise the height of the dam was taken, in gujarats favour.
;;0.0;;the sardar sarovar dam project was inaugurated in september 2017 by prime minister narendramodi , 55 years after its foundation stone was laid by the first pm, jawaharlal nehru, in 1961.
;;0.4939;;unusually for him, prime minister narendramodi openly praised merkels leadership, and she was not unwilling.
;;-0.4215;;new delhi: condemning the government's decision to curtail the amarnath yatra, the congress on saturday demanded that prime minister narendramodi make a statement in parliament on the current situation in jammu and kashmir and expressed apprehensions about a misadventure by the union home ministry.
;;0.128;;kanyakumari: prime minister narendramodi is expected to spend about an hour with families of fishermen hit by cyclone ockhi as well as affected farmers of kanyakumari district during this visit on tuesday afternoon.
;;0.0;;addressing the fifth governing council meet of niti aayog , chaired by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi, the chief minister presented the status of rail, road and air projects in the state.
;;0.5106;;he recommended faster decision-making and project clearances like in gujarat when prime minister narendramodi was chief minister.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi flagged off the train from new delhi station on friday morning.
;;0.4767;;she said, prime minister narendramodi had on august 15, 2014 declared an ambitious plan to make india odf by 2019.
;;0.4939;;the dredger, which is the property of adani port and special economic zone (apsez), has been given contract to do the dredging work at ghogha terminal of the ghogha-dahej ro-ro ferry service launched by prime minister narendramodi last year.
;;0.0;;madurai: the rs 125-crore multi-specialty hospital of the government rajaji hospital is set to start functioning from the second week of january 2019 with a soft launch, while prime minister narendramodi is expected to inaugurate it formally later.
;;-0.34;;prime minister narendramodi modis vision for education is being neglected, dhameliya wrote.
;;0.4215;;the appointments committee of the cabinet headed by prime minister narendramodi approved bhalla's appointment as the new home secretary .
;;0.0;;this story is from october 29, 2018tokyo: hailing the various development projects in india, prime minister narendramodi on monday said that the central government's make in india initiative has emerged as a global brand today.
;;0.3818;;bjp has failed to fulfil their promise, mayawati tweeted soon after prime minister narendramodi launched the ambitious pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi (pm-kisan) at a gathering in uttar pradesh 's gorakhpur on sunday.
;;0.8402;;washington: indian americans on monday congratulated prime minister narendramodi and the union home minister amit shah for taking the bold step to revoke article 370, which gave special status to jammu and kashmir the indian government abolished article 370 and moved a separate bill to split the state into two union territories of jammu and kashmir, and ladakharticle 370 granted special status to jammu and kashmir and allowed it to have its own flag and constitution, among other rights.
;;0.8271;;we think prime minister narendramodi has a great impact on the nations youth and we are confident his message has reached the youngsters.
;;-0.7003;;ahmedabad: dalit agitation leader and newly-elected vadgam mla, jignesh mevani, courted controversy on tuesday evening after he told a tv channel that prime minister narendramodi modis speeches have no content and that he is losing his relevance for the people.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi has become boring and he must take retirement from politics.
;;0.0;;this story is from october 25, 2018edappadi k palaniswami (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citychennai: chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on wednesday urged prime minister narendramodi to direct the union environment ministry to withdraw its conditional permission for an environment impact assessment study for a new dam at mullaperiyar in idukki district of kerala.
;;0.4767;;if states also start worrying about farmers, we will be in a position to help them in improving income, tomar said in the context of pending agri-market reforms under apmc acts as suggested by the centre during the prime minister narendramodi modis first term.
;;0.6486;;when it comes to laws, rules and legislation there can certainly be too much of a good thing; this was prime minister narendramodi modis insight earlier on when he raised the slogan of minimum government, maximum governance.
;;0.4019;;aurangabad/mumbai: prime minister narendramodi on saturday visited maharashtra ahead of assembly polls, inaugurating three new metro lines in mumbai and a smart city project in aurangabad.
;;0.0;;she later addressed a public rally at ram leela ground and took part in a live telecast of prime minister narendramodi modis main bhi chowkidar programme.
;;0.5972;;i am neither alone this time, nor scared of azam khan because prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah are both standing with me, prada said, adding that during the lok sabha elections in 2009, even though i was the sp candidate, party leaders akhilesh yadav and mulayam singh yadav never supported me.
;;0.0;;tirupur: in his second visit to tamil nadu in a fortnight, prime minister narendramodi laid the foundation for various developmental schemes, including a 100-bed employee's state insurance corporation (esic) hospital at perumanallur in tirupur district, on sunday.
;;0.4215;;the event, at which prime minister narendramodi will deliver the keynote address, is to be attended by over 1200 delegates from 85 countries discussing progress made in maternal and child health.
;;-0.0516;;chennai: in spite of being coy about their partys relationship with bjp, chief minister edappadi k palaniswami and deputy chief minister o panneerselvam were among the first to congratulate prime minister narendramodi on the partys victory in the karnataka polls, much before the official results were out.
;;0.5719;;the move comes about a year after prime minister narendramodi , during up assembly election campaign, accused the then ruling samajwadi party of playing politics over religion by giving long hours of power supply on eid than diwali.
;;-0.5423;;dubbing bjp a sinking boat, siddatamaiah said, in poll-bound gujarat, prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shahs home state, bjp will suffer a setback.
;;0.0;;he said the wuhan summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping in the chinese city of wuhan in april last year has opened up a world of new convergences.
;;0.0;;she has had a breakfast meeting with sports minister kiren rijiju and is set to meet prime minister narendramodi later in the day.
;;-0.1779;;taking over from mother sonia gandhi +results to the gujarat +interrupted sonia gandhis speech +new delhi: rahul gandhi took formal charge on saturday as congress president, positioning himself as the main challenger to prime minister narendramodi , who he accused of dragging india back to the medieval ages and sacrificing amity and inclusiveness in pursuit of personal aggrandizement.
;;-0.2951;;i feel we are not so advanced, he told reporters here, a day after prime minister narendramodi called an all-party meeting in new delhi to build a consensus on the idea.
;;0.4005;;pm modi with shinjo abe (r) (ani photo)kobe: prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the bilateral strategic ties between india and japan will become more robust as india aims to be a $5 trillion economy in the next five years.
;;0.7783;;he said that prime minister narendramodi , home minister amit shah and defence minister rajnath singh have been briefed on the rescue and relief efforts in karnataka.
;;0.0;;bengaluru: not too long ago, congress leaders rahul gandhi and sonia gandhi were the only targets in prime minister narendramodi modis poll speeches.
;;-0.0572;;co/jkxdgyogbh  kapil sibal (@kapilsibal) 1568344718000new delhi: we don't want to see the rest of the film, senior congress leader kapil sibal said on friday, taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi over his remark that the nda 2.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi arrived at the parliament for the bjp parliamentary party meeting on tuesday.
;;0.6486;;party sources said it was in line with the promises made by prime minister narendramodi through his mission 'har ghar jal' (water in every household) by 2024.
;;0.4767;;former prime minister h d deve gowda (file photo)bengaluru: former prime minister h d deve gowda on monday requested prime minister narendramodi to release rs 5,000 crore as interim relief to flood-ravaged karnataka and to notify it as national calamity.
;;0.4215;;chouhan also received birthday greetings from prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.8126;;new delhi: amid a widespread slowdown in the economy, prime minister narendramodi on thursday committed to a five-year vision of investment-led growth, saying a massive rs 100 lakh crore will be spent on developing infrastructure that will help in achieving the target of $5 trillion economy.
;;0.0;;in february, he had also written a letter to prime minister narendramodi suggesting streamlining the sale of lotteries in the country.
;;-0.2755;;motihari: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday interacted with dms of 13 bihar districts which have not achieved satisfactory target under the swachh bharat mission of the central government.
;;-0.5106;;taking a swipe at congress, he said, if anyone wants to learn how to weed out poverty they should take lessons from prime minister narendramodi and shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.0;;referring to the ongoing dialogue between the issak-muivah faction of the national socialist council of nagaland (nscn-im) and the government interlocutor, the minister said the narendramodi government was the most sensitive toward the issues of the nagas and the northeast the process of naga talks are being followed up with utmost sincerity.
;;-0.7579;;meanwhile, congress legislators from amritsar and gurdaspur districts criticised prime minister narendramodi for the meagre relief announced for the kin of the victims killed by the is in iraq.
;;0.3612;;the hearing on friday assumed importance as prime minister narendramodi on tuesday had suggested any decision on an ordinance on ram temple in ayodhya can happen only after the completion of the judicial process.
;;0.743;;gorakhpur: using a novel idea to attract voters, the bjp has brought in lookalikes of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah to campaign in gorakhpur ranvir dahia, who looks and enacts like pm modi, is accompanied by rajendra agarwal , who impersonates shah.
;;0.0;;ahmedabad: western railway (wr) announced that the station at vadnagar, prime minister narendramodi modis home town, will be connected by a broad-gauge track by december 2018.
;;0.2023;;* the andhra pradesh chief minister launched a tirade against the bjp-led central government, alleging prime minister narendramodi was not following 'raj dharma' by denying the state special status .
;;0.25;;* the party has been accusing the narendramodi government of not releasing enough funds for the polavaram irrigation project, the kadapa steel plant and amravati, the under-construction ultra-modern state capital.
;;0.0258;;xi-modi meet: one-on-one meetings, a banquet and a boat ride prime minister narendramodi is in wuhan for a two-day informal summit with chinese president xi jinping to discuss major bilateral and global matters.
;;0.6486;;the bonhomie is evident in the photo ops graced by prime minister narendramodi and chief justice of india js khehar.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , who was gujarat chief minister at the time, was invited to take a couple of sessions for the newly inducted ministers.
;;0.0;;though we are yet to get final programme details of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to surat airport on january 30th, preparations are going on in full swing for international flight operations from february 16.
;;-0.25;;zirakpur: prime minister narendramodi modis dream project to have public and community toilets in every corner of the country is still a far cry as any initiative regarding this is yet to reach the town of zirakpur.
;;0.0;;additional principal secretary to prime minister narendramodi , pramod kumar mishra, has been invited to deliver the first convocation address of the institution.
;;-0.128;;surat: wrapping up the campaigning for the first phase of elections, prime minister narendramodi launched a broadside against congress , saying party which knows nothing about development has no right to ask the account for bjp rule in gujarat we are fighting this elections on the development plank.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the 106th edition of indian science congress at a private university in jalandhar on thursday followed by a discussion with three nobel laureates.
;;0.6597;;the list of leaders who contested from more than one seat is long and includes indira gandhi, biju patnaik and n t rama rao and present-day leaders like prime minister narendramodi , congress leader sonia gandhi , sp chief mulayam singh yadav and rjd supremo lalu prasad.
;;0.0;;shillong: storming into one of the last bastions of the congress in the country in general and the northeast in particular, prime minister narendramodi will address a public rally in this hill city on saturday in an attempt to blow the bjps bugle ahead of the assembly elections slated for early next year.
;;0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)ranchi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday launched an ambitious pension scheme for farmers from here.
;;0.128;;yavatmal: in a bid to revive its sagging political fortunes in the cotton belt of maharashtra, congress has decided to organize massive protests against prime minister narendramodi when he arrives in the district to address a rally of womens self-help groups (shgs) at pandharkawda on february 16.
;;0.25;;on april 15, toi had reported about the unrealistically low emissions of sulphur dioxide and particulate matter recorded from the stack (chimney) of ktps's three units, which were dedicated to the nation by prime minister narendramodi on april 14.
;;-0.7579;;launching a counter-attack after singh's criticism, the bjp fired off 10 questions to the congress, asking why it finds merit in protesting every anti-corruption measure of the narendramodi government.
;;0.0;;they have decided to make a representation to bjp leader amit shah and also try to meet prime minister narendramodi to push their cause.
;;0.0;;they said he would impersonate as gujarat director general of police and show morphed pictures of him with prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and senior bjp leaders to lure people to invest in bogus schemes.
;;0.743;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi told bjps newly elected mps that they should work hard and improve their constituencies so that they are not dependent on his name and credentials to win in the 2024 elections.
;;0.4019;;the congress leader also apprised prime minister narendramodi about the flood situation and sought the centre's support to deal with the situations.
;;0.0;;this even as prime minister narendramodi has been talking about sabka saath, sabka vikas.
;;0.802;;when a similar citizens initiative of akola was recently praised by prime minister narendramodi , the ripples of happiness from morna reached chhatri too.
;;0.0;;pune: union textile minister smriti irani on sunday said that she would quit politics the day prime minister narendramodi retired.
;;-0.0516;;the day pradhan sevak narendramodi decides to hang up his boots, i will also leave indian politics.
;;-0.8689;;new delhi: congress asked prime minister narendramodi if rioting and murder of policemen by vigilantes in bulandshahr is the change he promised in 2014 elections, leading the opposition outrage against the ruling bjp over public attacks by alleged gau rakshaks in western uttar pradesh even as former up cm and bsp chief chief mayawati blamed the adityanath government for patronising unscrupulous elements, the communist party of india said the up cm should address the situation in the state rather than going and communalising the situation in other states.
;;-0.8852;;vadodara: prime minister narendramodi , addressing a public rally here on sunday night, asked his predecessor manmohan singh why did he not show the courage to order a surgical strike post the 26/11 mumbai terror attack, despite the readiness of the army.
;;0.7334;;with the worlds biggest election around the corner, prime minister narendramodi is under pressure to boost spending, especially to help farmers, to shore up voter support and spur an economy thats starting to slow.
;;-0.5719;;upset with the low prices, farmers from nashik district had sent the money earned through the auction to prime minister narendramodi and chief minister of maharashtra devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah will address chief ministers and deputy chief ministers of party-ruled states in a meeting on wednesday in which their pro-poor and development policies will be reviewed.
;;-0.128;;prime minister narendramodi has set a target of cutting the country's oil import bill by 10 per cent to 67 per cent by 2022 and to half by 2030.
;;0.0;;tendulkar had also written to prime minister narendramodi , requesting him to include all international medallists in central government health scheme (cghs).
;;-0.4767;;trichy: sirkazhi police in nagappattinam district arrested an mdmk functionary for posting defamatory contents on social media about prime minister narendramodi on saturday night.
;;0.0258;;ahmedabad: the sardar sarovar dam in gujarat is expected to reach its full storage capacity soon, a milestone that will be witnessed by prime minister narendramodi on september 17, which also happens to be his birthday.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi will be present at the dam site to celebrate the feat on september 17, which is also his 69th birthday, rupani said on saturday.
;;-0.0315;;sources told toi that the nda government had requested the governor to persuade dmk to withdraw its protest as it did not want anything to mar prime minister narendramodi modis visit to iit madras on september 30 as well as the second edition of the sino-india informal summit between modi and chinese president xi jinping that may be held in mamallapuram between october 11and 13.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi has been talking about the benefits of running a majority government from almost every stage.
;;-0.1531;;chennai/kanyakumari: days after congress president rahul gandhi visited cyclone ockhi-affected kanyakumari district, prime minister narendramodi is expected to visit the southern tip of the country on tuesday to meet the affected families.
;;0.3818;;patna: the bjp on sunday said it has coined a new slogan 'sabse bada dhan - beti, jal aur van' in order to promote the government's 'beti bachao, beti padhao' campaign in a week-long programme on the occasion of prime minister narendramodi 's birthday.
;;-0.4497;;but a youth in vijayapura district in north karnataka has stunned all by writing a six-page bloodletter to prime minister narendramodi , demanding a government school.
;;-0.3612;;any rise in tax will impact alcohol demand as companies will have to pass the additional levy to consumers, according to edelweiss securities ltd.farm waivers are on the agenda of all political parties as prime minister narendramodi struggles to alleviate agrarian distress ahead of a national election around may.
;;0.8338;;the diplomat said that a series of telephonic calls made by president donald trump to prime minister narendramodi and pakistan pm imran khan is not mediation but an effort by him to encourage the two countries to resolve their differences bilaterally.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , who arrived in russia's far eastern city of vladivostok earlier today, gave a joint statement at the 20th annual summit between the two countries, along with russian president vladimir putin by side.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi laid its foundation stone on sunday.
;;0.128;;new delhi: a day after he sparked speculation by skipping the luncheon meeting hosted by congress chief sonia gandhi for opposition parties, bihar cm said that his meeting with prime minister narendramodi had no political subtext.
;;0.0;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest cityvaranasi: prime minister narendramodi is likely to visit his parliamentary constituency varanasi on july 6.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had suggested the control on use of plastics while addressing the cop (conference of parties) here.
;;0.4939;;tokyo: prime minister narendramodi on monday asked japanese businessmen to engage more with india as he interacted with top business leaders from the two countries at a forum here.
;;0.2732;;only 19  of mps have identified the three villages they are entitled to pick for the saansad adarsh gram yojana (saanjhi) announced by prime minister narendramodi on independence day 2014.
;;0.0;;as a result, the highway ministry may not be able to follow through with its plan of prime minister narendramodi laying the foundation stone for the project next month.
;;-0.2748;;his address was more focused on boasting of achievements made by the delhi government and attacking prime minister narendramodi over ousted cbi director alok verma, the controversial rafale deal, the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojna and on recalling modis unfulfilled promises.
;;0.0;;noida: when yogi adityanath stood beside prime minister narendramodi at the inauguration of the new metro line between noida and south delhi, it was the first time since october 2011 that an uttar pradesh chief minister had set foot in noida.
;;0.0;;new delhi: in his 44th radio address to the nation on sunday, prime minister narendramodi paid homage to indias first pm pandit jawaharlal nehru and saffron icon vinayak damodar savarkar.
;;0.7096;;slamming congress for putting hindrances in the judicial process to save its leaders, tiwari said prime minister narendramodi had decided to form a special investigation team (sit) just after coming to power as bjp understood the sufferings of the sikhs.
;;-0.6124;;a woman hod was denied permission to hold a conference because the speaker is a known critic of prime minister narendramodi .
;;-0.7506;;lucknow: prime minister narendramodi will be taking the poll battle to amethi , the constituency of congress president rahul gandhi , during his visit this month for launching the manufacturing of ak-47 assault rifles in the korwa ordnance factory in the district.
;;0.0;;appealed only for conscience vote: bjpin case the low-key swearingin ceremony goes ahead at raj bhavan, it is likely to be skipped by both prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;-0.6249;;even as chief minister mamata banerjee met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi to discuss just development and not politics, bjp workers upped the ante back home, fighting a pitched battle with police on the streets for close to three hours and paralyzing the heart of the city for the entire afternoon.
;;0.3612;;: in what could spell fresh trouble for the proposed teesta water sharing pact between india and bangladesh, west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress chief mamata banerjee on thursday pointed out to prime minister narendramodi the problems the state faces for sharing river waters with the neighbouring country .
;;0.4019;;puducherry: after june, the congress party will have only puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy to showcase as a congress cm in the country, said prime minister narendramodi on sunday.
;;0.7579;;if yoga is practised regularly for 30 minutes, your health expenses will reduce substantially, he said, while addressing a gathering at tau devi lal stadium on the occasion of international yoga day he said it was prime minister narendramodi who had proposed the idea to celebrate international yoga day on june 21, during his speech at the united national general assembly, after which the entire world has adopted it.
;;0.4019;;vaiko, known for his abrasive remarks on several issues, made the dramatic assertion while reacting to a question from reporters here on monday on film star rajinikanth lauding prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah for junking the special status to jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;ramzan has made a representation to various authorities, including prime minister narendramodi , drawing attention to the way the swachh bharat mission was being taken lightly when its comes to dealing with heritage sites.
;;0.802;;the cvc's 300-page report to the supreme court, on the basis of which a high-powered committee led by prime minister narendramodi removed verma as cbi chief, has intercepts of conversations between the parties where dubai-based persons discuss having spoken to no 1 to get sana relief in the qureshi case.
;;0.4939;;it was a brief meeting with prime minister narendramodi that inspired govindan to undertake the campaign.
;;0.0772;;jaipur : state education department has made it mandatory for prime minister narendramodi modis thursdays event in jhunjhunu to be broadcast live in all government schools, for secondary school students.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi will deliver an important message of gender balance in the city.
;;0.4939;;ahmedabad/new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will host his friend' -- israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu and wife sara  in his home state gujarat on wednesday.
;;0.0516;;he also referred to the fact that even prime minister narendramodi spoke in hindi at international events and many other prominent hindi-speaking indians had overcome their inferiority complex.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 7, 2019prime minister narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.4404;;jalpaiguri: prime minister narendramodi is expected to make some government announcements before addressing a bjp meeting during his scheduled visit to churabhandar in the districts maynaguri block on friday.
;;-0.3182;;chandigarh: after eight years of delay, a 250-bed hospital in pgi would be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi next month.
;;-0.3182;;after eight years of delay, a 250-bedded hospital in pgi would be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi next month.
;;-0.5859;;gandhi had on sunday hit out at prime minister narendramodi , claiming that cynical sponsors of the investor summit no longer wanted to be associated with an event presided over by him.
;;0.0;;this is the first high-level visit by any indian minister after prime minister narendramodi 's re-election in may this year.
;;-0.296;;new delhi: after being refused permission for a road show in ahmedabad city, prime minister narendramodi arrived for campaigning in mehsana district via seaplane from the sabarmati river in the city.
;;0.7783;;co/zorduhtrys  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1516624984000davos: prime minister narendramodi told top ceos that india means business and presents an exciting opportunity for global businesses.
;;-0.4404;;jignesh mevani, independent mla from vadgam and convener of rdam, said that the public rally was the need of the hour because prime minister narendramodi and other top leaders of the ruling bjp were silent over the horrors.
;;-0.3182;;madurai: chief minister edappadi k palaniswami is begging prime minister narendramodi for an alliance on the latter's terms because he is desperate, alleged dmk president m k stalin at theni on saturday.
;;0.5859;;vijayawada: tdp supremo n chandrababu naidu on sunday alleged that prime minister narendramodi is trying to forcibly take control of the tirumala tirupati devasthanams ( ttd ) and said that anyone who meddles with lord balaji would pay a huge price.
;;-0.7845;;jaipur: chief minister ashok gehlot on monday said prime minister narendramodi has no right to speak on the alwar gang rape case as such cases were on the rise in bjp ruled states.
;;0.7964;;pm modi highlights pmjdy, mudra, start-up india at g20 opening session prime minister narendramodi on friday highlighted the flagship programmes like the pradhan mantri jan dhan yojna, mudra and start-up india undertaken by his government to modernise the economy and promote inclusive growth at the opening session of the g20 summit here.
;;0.0772;;co/oviziagu9c  narendramodi (@narendramodi) 1543623766000g20 summit: looking forward to wide range of interactions, says pm modi prime minister narendramodi , who is in argentina's capital of buenos aires to attend the g20 summit, will discuss ways to meet the new and upcoming challenges of the coming decade with other world leaders, including us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;pm modi interacts with trump, putin and may on sidelines of g20 prime minister narendramodi on friday interacted with us president donald trump and russian president vladimir putin and british prime minister theresa may ahead of the g-20 summit here.
;;0.0;;the agenda was presented by prime minister narendramodi in the second session of the g20 summit on international trade, international financial and tax systems.
;;0.0;;pti photonashik: on the eve of the assembly elections in maharashtra , prime minister narendramodi will address a rally in nashik on september 19 on the concluding day of chief minister devendra fadnavis ' 'mahajanadesh yatra', a bjp official said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will address a rally on september 19 to mark the conclusion of the 'mahajanadesh yatra' at a ground in tapovan locality, he said.
;;0.7783;;the decision also comes days after chief justice of india ranjan gogoi wrote to prime minister narendramodi to increase the number of judges in the top court.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday inaugurated the phase 1 of delhi-meerut expressway (dme) built at a cost of rs 841 crore.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone of the greenfield project was laid by prime minister narendramodi on november 5, 2015.
;;0.4215;;say 'yes to digital payment, no to cash': pm modi in a fresh push towards digital payments, prime minister narendramodi on thursday told businesses to shun cash and go digital to bring transparency and root out black money.
;;-0.6908;;despite prime minister narendramodi modis shock decision to abolish high-value notes in 2016, cash as a proportion of gross domestic product has actually been rising in the past two years, hitting a three-year high of 11.
;;0.0;;triloki nath pandey, one of the hindu litigants in ramjanmabhoomi-babri masjid case, said, every hindu wants prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath to announce the date for ram temple.
;;0.6369;;the union minister added that with the abrogation of special status to jammu and kashmir both prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah were eager to include kashmir and the rest of the region in the mainstream of india's development process.
;;0.4019;;the pm narendramodi led government has development with dignity as its motto, in jammu, kashmir, leh and kargil people were not in the mainstream development process due to article 370 .
;;0.2732;;in a momentous day in indias energy history, prime minister narendramodi will lay the foundation stone of city gas distribution (cgd) projects in more than 60 geographical areas (gas) spread across 124 districts on thursday.
;;0.0;;sources said at the meeting called by prime minister narendramodi to review the oil and gas sector on october 12, the oil ministry was asked to prepare an in-house white paper on ovl looking into various issues, including reasons for its establishment, cost incurred and returns till date.
;;-0.5719;;the politics of hate and dividing people is a strategy cultivated by prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.8255;;bengaluru: addressing the nation on the backdrop of chandrayaan-2 's lander vikram losing contact with the ground station, prime minister narendramodi on saturday hailed the isro scientists for giving their best and stated that they will give country more reasons to smile in future.
;;-0.296;;rourkela: noting that prime minister narendramodi looks visibly shattered following the rafale issue, congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday asked party workers to stay away from using murdabad slogan against his political adversary.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi , defence minister rajnath singh, leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, congress lawmakers adhir ranjan choudhary, k suresh, national conference leader farooq abdullah and tmc leader derek o'brien were present at the meeting.
;;0.0;;in his first cabinet meeting of the year, the us president also referred to prime minister narendramodi for funding a library in aghanistan, wondering who would use it in that country.
;;0.5267;;bengaluru: karnataka industries minister r v deshpande has urged prime minister narendramodi to declare it city bengaluru the second capital of the country, considering its diverse and vibrant culture and geographical position.
;;0.9517;;qingdao: prime minister narendramodi today praised afghanistan president ashraf ghani 's bold initiatives towards peace and expressed hope that it will be respected by all parties, referring to a ceasefire announced by the afghan leader for eid.
;;-0.802;;by anibengaluru: a day after the congress party blamed prime minister narendramodi for the current political crisis in karnataka, bjp leader and union minister prahlad joshi on sunday termed the allegations utter nonsense and said that former chief minister siddaramaiah is plotting the drama.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: prime minister narendramodi will accompany his 'friend', israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu , to gujarat on wednesday, fourth day of the latter's official visit to india.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was present in the house during azad's address.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has given a call for a new india by 2022, with a focus on balanced development across the country.
;;0.0;;this story is from october 27, 2018new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday left for japan to attend the annual summit with his counterpart shinzo abe the summit will be held on october 28 and 29.
;;0.0;;the ceremony was attended by prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah, bjp veteran l k advani and a host of union ministers.
;;-0.0516;;some top political leaders too got stuck in the traffic jam soon after prime minister narendramodi flagged off the marathon.
;;-0.2732;;the manner in which he was voicing his opinion against prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis for the last almost one year, it was evident that patole was frustrated at being sidelined and not being given any responsible post.
;;0.0;;recently during the assembly elections, prime minister narendramodi arrived at surat airport a couple of times.
;;-0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp seized upon it to say that the former minister made the plea for indefinite postponement as part of a congress gameplan to thwart resolution of the ram temple versus babri masjid dispute.
;;0.0;;this story is from october 31, 2018prime minister narendramodi will unveil the statue of unity at kevadiya colony on wednesday.
;;0.4588;;vadodara: kevadiya colony in narmada district is all geared up to witness history being unfolded at sadhu bet island as prime minister narendramodi unveils the world's tallest statue - the statue of unity - dedicated to india's ' iron man ,' sardar vallabhbhai patel today.
;;0.6249;;i am thankful to prime minister narendramodi and defence minister nirmala sitharaman for clearing it finally.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi visited yavatmal district of maharashtra on saturdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.6249;;yavatmal/dhule: inaugurating a slew of projects during his tour of maharashtra on saturday, pm narendramodi presented his government's progress report and developmental agenda and stated that if the people of india had not given the nda a strong and unambiguous mandate in 2014, the country would have been still stuck on the path of slow development.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis was one of those who pushed for the proposal with prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.1779;;kohima: senior bjp leader sanjay paswan tuesday claimed that the vexed naga political issue will be resolved on priority basis under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi after the lok sabha polls responding to queries from media persons during a press conference here, the bjp manifesto committee member and former union minister, said  naga issue though not simple will be sorted out in the second regime of the bjp led nda government.
;;0.8271;;on the assurance of prime minister narendramodi to resolve the naga issue, paswan said nobody can blame our prime minister for any such lapses because he is trying honestly and sincerely and it will be sorted out in the next regime of modi ji.
;;-0.3612;;meanwhile, dhaval patel said, it will be difficult to attend the function because prime minister narendramodi will be in city on january 19.
;;-0.4767;;this story is from october 26, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citytrichy: karur town police on thursday arrested an activist for staging a show called modi leela against prime minister narendramodi , burning his ten-headed effigy and spreading the video through social media.
;;0.5859;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said the opposition hype that bjp will fall short of 200 seats in the 2019 lok sabha polls is just a ploy to win over potential allies for their gatbandhan.
;;0.0;;sources said that when prime minister narendramodi had visited the city in october, nhai had asked mcepl to light up the area.
;;0.0;;the congress workers gathered at gandhi circle and shouted slogans against prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and former chief minister bs yeddyurappa.
;;-0.296;;my meetings with prime minister narendramodi , india's democratically elected leader, have been highlighted as 'proof' of this and portrayed as somehow being out of the ordinary or somehow suspect, even though president (barack) obama, secretary (hillary) clinton, president (donald) trump and many of my colleagues in congress have met with and worked with him, gabbard said.
;;0.886;;while hailing congress president rahul gandhi for giving a good fight to the bjp, which has won six consecutive elections in the state, urdu dailies mostly credited prime minister narendramodi modis use of polarising statements during the aggressive campaign, and not vikas, as a plank to woo voters.
;;0.3818;;pm narendramodi and bjp president amit shah left no stone unturned to win the gujarat elections.
;;0.4404;;(photo via twitter@pmoindia)abu dhabi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday said political stability and predictable policy framework have made india an attractive investment destination.
;;0.0;;when a student inquired about becoming a politician, chouhan cited example of prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0772;;partys victory is more staggering in a state like tripura +after bihar, next stop tamil nadu for bjp the o pannerselvam-led faction has a rapport with prime minister narendramodi and it is likely that the former chief minister will meet amit shah during his tn visit, said sources close to him.
;;0.7227;;but then, bjps success in assam or other northeastern states has not been attributed to any state leader, but to the might of prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah .
;;0.0516;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday said 10 crore lpg connections including 4 crore free to poor women, were given in last four years, compared to 13 crore in six decades since independence, as his government stepped up efforts to shield women and children from kitchen smoke.
;;0.0;;the chief ministers office, officials said, is coordinating with the pmo to finalise a date for the inauguration by prime minister narendramodi according to officials, the cmrs submitted its report to delhi metro rail corporation (dmrc) chief this monday after an inspection from december 11-13.
;;-0.7783;;kalyan: prime minister narendramodi took a swipe at the congress on tuesday, saying while it had given people the adarsh scam in the name of homes for the poor, his government was providing real houses under the pradhan mantri aawas yojna.
;;-0.34;;in his letter to prime minister narendramodi , deshpande stressed on the need to recognize bengaluru as the second capital city of the nation.
;;0.5106;;this story is from october 21, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citysurat: the power loom weavers in the countrys largest man-made fabric (mmf) sector have finally turned to prime minister narendramodi as a last resort to resolve the long-pending issue of the input tax credit (itc).
;;0.0;;bhopal: state congress came down heavily on prime minister narendramodi for attending the valedictory function of the narmada seva yatra at amarkantak on monday.
;;0.7906;;prime minister narendramodi - who inaugurated the statue of unity on patel's birth anniversary on october 31, 2018 - on wednesday took to twitter to share the news and said, glad that it is emerging as a popular tourist spot.
;;0.2263;;cuttack: prime minister narendramodi on saturday launched his campaign for the 2019 lok sabha polls, saying his government has displayed intent and resolve in taking big decisions while slamming congress as a family first party that privileges power and turned a blind eye to scams totalling lakhs of crores.
;;-0.25;;siddaramaiahdownload the times of india news app for latest citymysuru: former chief minister siddaramaiah on thursday sharpened his attack on jd(s) minister gt devegowda, indicating he (gtd) may have spoken to prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief and union home minister amit shah about their involvement in stabilising the coalition government.
;;0.8176;;ranchi: prime minister narendramodi said at a rally in ranchi on thursday that the overwhelming mandate had ensured that his government had the numbers to take strong decisions like getting the triple talaq bill passed and nullifying articles 370 and 35a that guaranteed special status to j&k.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday launched the rs 75,000-crore pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi (pm-kisan) scheme in gorakhpur, uttar pradesh, by transferring the first instalment of rs 2,000 each to over one crore farmers.
;;0.0;;the unit set up at midcs nandgaon peth industrial estate here, is also the first industry in the state to start operations after a mou was signed at prime minister narendramodi modis make-in-india event, last year.
;;0.0;;he said, prime minister narendramodi modis idea is to have industries to process agriculture produce.
;;0.7096;;pti photonew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday said bjp drew strength from its ideology and not the legacy of one family and urged party lawmakers to remain connected with the grass-root workers who contributed to their becoming ministers and mps.
;;0.0;;volvo car india md charles frump, who was here in sweden to take part in the ceos round table with prime minister narendramodi at the stockholm city hall, said, we are assembling two of our cars  xc90 and the latest inclusion this month s90  at our bangalore plant.
;;0.8402;;file photonew delhi: chief justice ranjan gogoi has written to prime minister narendramodi to initiate a motion in parliament for removal of allahabad high courts justice s n shukla, whose removal was recommended 18 months ago after an in-house panel found merit in charges of serious judicial irregularities.
;;-0.7269;;new delhi: congress mp shashi tharoor dubbed the police chargesheet accusing him of abetting the suicide of his wife sunanda pushkar as preposterous which he would contest vigorously even as congress accused the bjp top brass led by prime minister narendramodi of using delhi police to hound its leader.
;;0.91;;new delhi: congress president rahul gandhi said prime minister narendramodi symbolises corruption, accusing him of encouraging horse-trading to help chief minister b s yeddyurappa win the trust vote in karnataka.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi , quoting studies, has been saying that even a 20-25  reduction in imports could directly create an additional 1 lakh to 1.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi , who is leading efforts to scrap single-use plastics by 2022, is likely to announce a ban on a few items on october 2, the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 10, 2019the kollam bypass would be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on tuesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.2732;;co/fayiffnnej  kapil sibal (@kapilsibal) 1568257411000new delhi: senior congress leader kapil sibal on thursday took a jibe at prime minister narendramodi for his remarks that some people feel that the country will get back to 16th century no sooner they hear the word om and cow, while urging him to get to work on issues that matter.
;;-0.6369;;on wednesday, prime minister narendramodi had said that it is unfortunate that some people feel that the country will get back to 16th century no sooner they hear the word om and cow.
;;-0.6486;;agra: a potato farmer here sent the paltry profit of rs 490 that he earned from selling his entire potato produce of 19,000 kg to prime minister narendramodi to protest the continuous losses he had to suffer.
;;0.3818;;former chief minister j jayalalithaa had dispatched a letter to prime minister narendramodi , seeking his intervention to ensure that the centre speedily set up the facility.
;;0.7964;;deb, a gym instructor-turned-politician, thanked the people of tripura for their overwhelming support and credited prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah with the party's showing.
;;0.4019;;he said the political agenda for the debate this year appropriately will be prime minister narendramodi versus an anarchist combination of such parties.
;;-0.2263;;banerjee, one of the prime movers behind the effort to cobble together an anti-bjp alliance ahead of the lok sabha polls, alleged that prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah want to impose president's rule in whatever states the opposition is in power.
;;0.4215;;chennai: prime minister narendramodi on monday invited himself over for a treat of dosas and idlis at the house of a tamil nadu woman who is one of the beneficiaries of the ujjwala yojna, a flagship welfare scheme of his government aimed at increasing lpg cylinder coverage among poor families.
;;0.0;;hundreds of engineers have been working round the clock to complete the construction of the new stadium, which is likely to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in two or three months.
;;-0.1027;;surat: the onslaught of goods and service tax (gst) may have adversely hit the textile business of surat, but traders here are bating for prime minister narendramodi and have already started campaigning.
;;0.6486;;new delhi: the government on tuesday appointed aides to three union ministers, including piyush goyal and dharmendra pradhan the appointments committee of the cabinet, headed by prime minister narendramodi , approved the appointment of raghuraj rajendran, a 2004-batch ias officer of madhya pradesh cadre, as private secretary to pradhan, the minister for petroleum, natural gas and steel.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi too has been unresponsive to hazares 32 letters reminding him of his promise of lokpal/lokayukta appointments, except for one acknowledgment on january 25.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet headed by prime minister narendramodi approved the budget for 2019-20 following which finance minister nirmala sitharaman presented it in the lok sabha.
;;-0.875;;mathura: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday recalled the horror of 9/11 attacks in the us on its 18th anniversary to brand pakistan as a hotbed of terror.
;;0.4215;;as the bjp has to face 2019 parliamentary elections and nadda is a key team member of prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah, his services could be retained in the centre.
;;-0.4588;;the agitated congress workers burned the effigy of prime minister narendramodi here on thursday.
;;-0.6249;;by express news servicemysuru: pejawar mutt seer sri vishwesha teertha on tuesday said he will be leading a delegation of priests to prime minister narendramodi with a demand to enforce a ban on cow slaughter in total, build ram mandir and expedite the work on cleaning the ganga.
;;-0.7579;;prime minister narendramodi had recently told us vice-president mike pence that the planners of the 26/11 terror attack had been mainstreamed in pakistan, the reference was to lashkar putting up candidates in recent elections to the national assembly there.
;;0.7269;;exuding confidence of the jd(s)-congress alliance putting up an impressive show in the upcoming polls, vishwanath said, the bjp-led nda government at the centre, under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , has lost the trust of the people, and is likely to find the going difficult in the coming days.
;;-0.34;;vala should immediately resign or prime minister narendramodi or president ram nath kovind should remove him from the post, stalin said.
;;0.3182;;self-styled gau rakshaks +calling for strict action +new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday welcomed constructive criticism of his government's performance and said such assessments strengthened democracy and would build an aware nation.
;;-0.6908;;kgf/kolar: taking a dig that is bound to turn up the campaign heat further in poll-bound karnataka, congress chief rahul gandhi said on saturday that prime minister narendramodi lacks the guts to face the congress in parliament and has used nda allies to stall proceedings in both houses, which were adjourned sine die without transacting business for 22 days.
;;0.4019;;beijing: external affairs minister s jaishankar arrived in beijing on sunday on a key three-day visit to hold talks with the chinese leadership on a host of issues including finalisation of arrangements for president xi jinping 's visit to india later this year for the second informal summit with prime minister narendramodi the visit of jaishankar, the first indian minister to tour china after the modi government began its second term, is also taking place in the aftermath of india's decision to revoke special status to jammu and kashmir and its division into two union territories -jammu and kashmir, and ladakh.
;;0.0772;;chief minister manohar parrikars torchlight agitation against off-shore casinos and prime minister narendramodi modis promise to deposit rs 15 lakh in bank accounts were incidents that proved that the bjp was a master of cheap theatrics, said state congress spokesperson yatish naik.
;;0.0;;doval's talks with his russian counterpart nikolai patrushev covered preparations for prime minister narendramodi 's visit to vladivostok for the eastern economic forum in early september, according to an official statement.
;;0.0;;but this time, this was not the government of 'mauni baba' manmohan singh, but the government of narendramodi , elected by you people.
;;0.0;;comparing between the bjp and congress, shah said that one side there is a band of patriots led by an apt and progressive leader narendramodi , whereas the other side, there are those who misuse the power.
;;0.5267;;twitter.com/bl5s8fmwak& mdash; karan acharya (@karanacharya7) may 15, 2018mangaluru: karan acharya , a digital artist from the coast, is now a national sensation after prime minister narendramodi showered praises on him during a rally in mangaluru .
;;0.0;;it is now waiting for prime minister narendramodi to unveil it later this month.
;;0.0;;panaji: the congress , on thursday, took a broad swipe at the bjp-led coalition government saying that getting an appointment with prime minister narendramodi was its biggest achievement.
;;0.8779;;new delhi: the bjp on monday said the poll trends in its favour indicated that prime minister narendramodi 's popularity was intact in his home state gujarat and it was on its way to form government with a comfortable majority.
;;0.802;;ahmedabad: just three hours after prime minister narendramodi inaugurated a shopping festival amid foolproof security arrangements on sabarmati riverfront, a resident of vadaj area was robbed of by three men on the same riverfront near usmanpura .
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday met his mother heeraben in gandhinagar on the occasion of his 69th birthday.
;;0.296;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will on sunday share his thoughts with the people in india and abroad, through his ' mann ki baat ' programme.
;;0.0;;a 3d animation of prime minister narendramodi depicting ' trikonasana ' (the triangle posture) yoga was released in the same edition.
;;0.0;;this is perhaps why prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah have been focusing on this region.
;;-0.4215;;priya and her father, 50-year-old labourer brijpal singh, have approached everyone - from chief minister yogi adityanath to prime minister narendramodi - but to no avail.
;;-0.7269;;new delhi: from sonia gandhi 's infamous maut ka saudagar and zehar ki kheti to rahul gandhi 's recent jawano ke khoon ka dalal, bjp on monday released a long list of abuses hurled by congress leaders at prime minister narendramodi as the party reacted strongly to the rival asking the president to advise the pm against using unwarranted, threatening and intimidating language against political opponents.
;;0.5994;;co/q9hynifcrh  ani (@ani) 1513399541000jinew delhi: prime minister narendramodi today inaugurated the biggest power project in mizoram and said that he is committed towards the development and progress of northeastern states.
;;0.4939;;(pti)varanasi: prime minister narendramodi launched the membership drive of the ruling bjp from his lok sabha constituency on saturday, noting that it will further connect people from all walks of life with the saffron party.
;;0.4019;;manali: chief minister jai ram thakur has said that on his recent trip to delhi, prime minister narendramodi expressed his wish to visit lahaul-spiti via rohtang tunnel.
;;0.1779;;he demanded prime minister narendramodi , finance minister arun jaitley and former cag vinod rai should apologise to the nation.
;;0.8779;;though bjp leaders are still confident to repeating their 2014 performance  the party had won 13 of the 14 seats in kashi prant  under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , the fast changing equations following sp-bsp alliance formation has left the party cadres worried.
;;-0.4404;;ahmedabad: the ahmedabad police have denied permission for roadshows of prime minister narendramodi and the congress partys president-elect, rahul gandhi , which were scheduled on tuesday.
;;0.4019;;chhattarpur/mandsaur: prime minister narendramodi on saturday hit out at congress for targeting his mother and urged the people of madhya pradesh to give a befitting reply to the party in the upcoming polls on november 28.
;;0.5267;;appreciating ayushman bharat scheme launched by prime minister narendramodi last year, pandey said 5,000 people have benefited from the scheme in bihar.
;;-0.2263;;earlier, at the time of inauguration of the jilla seva sadan in 2010, the lift had stopped working when chief minister narendramodi was to take it to upper floors.
;;0.8689;;new delhi: congress, bahujan samaj party, and aam aadmi party were among the eight political parties who skipped prime minister narendramodi modis all party meeting to discuss the one-nation-one-election proposal on wednesday.
;;0.0;;mysuru: that all trains between bengaluru and mysuru would run on electric locomotives would be an assumption that many would be under after prime minister narendramodi flagged off the hamsafar express  the first electric train between the two cities  in february.
;;-0.0258;;the president, as advised by prime minister narendramodi , has accepted the resignation of raju and chowdary from the union council of ministers with immediate effect, he said.
;;-0.5267;;continuing his tirade against aicc president rahul gandhi for calling prime minister narendramodi a thief  in public gathering, vijayvargiya said, congress uses such language.
;;0.4966;;new delhi: congress said prime minister narendramodi need not apologise for his remarks about former pm manmohan singh and can just withdraw his controversial statement in parliament by saying that he had merely played a stunt to win the gujarat polls.
;;0.1779;;though the opposition criticised it as a small initiative, it should share what it contributed to farmers when it was in power, said prime minister narendramodi 's brother prahlad modi , vice-president, all india fair price shop dealers federation, during his visit to the sri krishna mutt on wednesday.
;;-0.5859;;mapusa: taking a dig at the congress for calling may 26 as betrayal day, former chief minister laxmikant parsekar said that the sum total contribution of the congress (centre) towards goas development during their 48-year rule will be far less than the contribution of prime minister narendramodi during the past four years.
;;0.0;;capt amarinder singh, who met congress president rahul gandhi earlier in the day, said prime minister narendramodi modis allegations on the punjab governments loan waiver scheme were completely incorrect.
;;0.5106;;chandigarh : punjab congress president sunil jakhar said on sunday that by calling chief minister amarinder singh an independent soldier, prime minister narendramodi had acknowledged the free and democratic culture prevailing in the congress.
;;0.2732;;he said ghana would also be joining the international solar alliance , the union of more than 100 countries initially proposed by prime minister narendramodi , to enhance its solar energy production capacities.
;;-0.1027;;moily, participating in a ceremony at udupi congress bhavan, questioned why the central government had to wait for prime minister narendramodi modis impending visit to the state scheduled on september 7 to officially announce a package for karnataka.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated three cng stations at naubatpur, rukanpura and bypass road from barauni on february 17.
;;-0.8316;;he was arrested recently after his recorded telephonic conversation with a truck contractor, in which he spoke about planning to kill prime minister narendramodi , was widely circulated on social media.
;;0.1027;;building on prime minister narendramodi modis visit to russia, both countries have adopted a roadmap for defence cooperation which was inked in 2017.
;;-0.3818;;vadnagar: congress vice-president rahul gandhi took the gujarat election battle to prime minister narendramodi modis hometown vadnagar, which has not seen a public rally addressed by a central congress leader in at least 30 years.
;;0.0;;when nothing worked, narendramodi on friday made a full speech only on narendramodi modi.
;;0.128;;as far as i know this is narendramodi modis hometown and a stronghold.
;;0.0;;an audience member at the rally shambhuji thakore said, my village falls in kheralu constituency, but i had to come to see our young leader speak in narendramodi modis backyard.
;;0.1531;;his pieces retail for rs 5,000 ($74) and rs 50,000, with one motif called the tree of life much in demand after word spread that prime minister narendramodi gave one such creation to u.s. president barack obama .
;;0.0;;jalandhar: prime minister narendramodi has a date with three nobel laureates at a private university in jalandhar on january 3.
;;0.4019;;this was the advice given by prime minister narendramodi to party workers during their interactions with him over teleconference.
;;0.8807;;new delhi: an advisory committee comprising members of indian olympic association (ioa), national sports federations (nsfs), government officials, private bodies and celebrated fitness enthusiasts has been formed to advise the government on the  fit india movement  which will be launched by prime minister narendramodi on august 29.
;;-0.7717;;this story is from november 22, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citytrichy: mdmk chief vaiko accused prime minister narendramodi of neglecting tamil nadu on all fronts while referring to the devastation caused by cyclone gaja.
;;0.0;;chennai: with the election commission's deadline to submit affidavits in the two-leaves symbol case nearing, former cm-turned-rebel leader o panneerselvam is expected to meet prime minister narendramodi on friday.
;;0.4019;;deodhar ensured that union ministers visited frequently, and prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah also made several trips.
;;-0.25;;this story is from december 16, 2018a poster by a farmers groupdownload the times of india news app for latest citylucknow: accusing bjp government of depriving them of their right to hold peaceful protest, rae bareli congress workers took to social media on the eve of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the nehru-gandhi stronghold.
;;0.1779;;she justified using drums during the protest, alleging that prime minister narendramodi and chief minister manohar parrikar have turned a deaf ear to the issue of inflation.
;;0.4404;;the supplementary budget also focuses on development of varanasi, the lok sabha constituency of prime minister narendramodi with provison of rs 40 crore for the beautification and widening of road connecting ganga ghats with kashi vishwanath temple.
;;-0.3612;;tirupur: the city police on thursday arrested a 23-year-old man for sharing a morphed picture on his facebook page that demeaned prime minister narendramodi the accused has been identified as m prabhakaran of valayamadevi near athoor in salem district.
;;-0.8167;;osaka: prime minister narendramodi on friday said that terrorism is the biggest threat to humanity which not only kills innocents but also severely affects the economic development and social stability.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: prime minister narendramodi , bjp national president amit shah , former deputy pm and gandhinagar mp l k advani and union finance minister arun jaitley are likely to vote in ahmedabad on december 14 for the assembly elections.
;;0.0772;;on tuesday, senior congress leader and former cm digvijaya singh had supported the protest, writing to prime minister narendramodi to reconsider the decision to set up a 1400mw nuclear power plant here.
;;0.0;;vijayawada: in what appears to be a political tit-for-tat move, prime minister narendramodi will launch three central projects in andhra pradesh before addressing a pre-election public meeting in guntur.
;;-0.2732;;cbi's additional director rao was given the charge of interim chief on january 10 till the appointment of a new director after a high-powered committee headed by prime minister narendramodi removed alok kumar verma as the chief of the probe agency on charges of corruption and dereliction of duty.
;;0.296;;he also accused prime minister narendramodi of encouraging horse-trading so the bjp returned to power.
;;0.0;;raut, the executive editor of the sena mouthpiece 'saamana', also wrote in his sunday column in the newspaper that prime minister narendramodi 's stature has declined while that of congress president rahul gandhi has risen.
;;0.6808;;the country is heading for a fractured mandate and prime minister narendramodi is responsible for it, he said, adding that the full mandate modi won in 2014 was an opportunity wasted.
;;0.0;;co/zxz8wfaosq  arun jaitley (@arunjaitley) 1565116903000prime minister shri narendramodi and home minister shri amit shah achieved the impossible with the new kashmir pol https://t.
;;0.0;;in a thread of 10 tweets, jaitley congratulated prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah for axing article 370.
;;0.0;;prime minister shri narendramodi and home minister shri amit shah achieved the impossible with the new kashmir policy.
;;0.4404;;guwahati: the khanapara veterinary ground here is all set to host prime minister narendramodi on friday, a year after he prime minister addressed supporters at the swearing-in of sarbananda sonowal at the same venue.
;;0.5106;;government sources said opposition was not allowing discussion on the motion of thanks because it wanted to deny prime minister narendramodi an opportunity to speak in parliament as in the lok sabha discussion.
;;0.0;;salem: prime minister narendramodi has not responded to a request seeking his appointment for an all-party delegation from tamil nadu to urge him to set up the cauvery management board, said chief minister edappadi k palaniswami.
;;0.5859;;he said a resolution was passed at an all-party meeting convened by aiadmk in february that representatives of all the political parties as well as those from farmers associations would personally meet prime minister narendramodi and urge him to constitute the cauvery management board.
;;-0.6808;;jamshedpur: it was a closure of sorts for manjeet kaur , who received a compensation of rs 5 lakh announced by prime minister narendramodi for the kin of victims of the 1984 anti-sikh riots soon after he came to power in 2014.
;;0.5859;;das said that his government was committed to fulfil the aspirations of prime minister narendramodi who expressed his desire to constitute new india.
;;0.0;;panaji: prime minister narendramodi modis reference to judicial options in his eight minute video conference with bjp workers of south goa has proved the congress claims that the state government had received two letters from the centre on mining, state congress president girish chodankar said on wednesday.
;;-0.4939;;congress spokesperson sidhanath buyao tweeted that pm narendramodi has decided not to open the third mandovi bridge for fear of facing the mining dependants.
;;-0.1406;;we have more information about the bjp than any professional, and hence the cyber army should use their creativity and attack the bjp and expose not only the state government but even prime minister narendramodi , said solanki.
;;0.1779;;credit: lok sabha tvnew delhi: lok sabha on tuesday witnessed an uproar over us president donald trump 's remarks on kashmir mediation, with congress demanding a reply from prime minister narendramodi on the issue.
;;0.3818;;bhopal: on his 69th birthday, when prime minister narendramodi was feeling exhilarated to witness river narmada water touching a historic 138 meters in sardar sarovar dam, two cabinet ministers of mp's congress-led kamal nath government unhappily alleged that the dam was fully filled before schedule to make pm modi's birthday memorable.
;;0.0;;he recalled the suggestions put forward by prime minister narendramodi last year at the g20 summit in buenos aires for action against fugitive economic offenders and asset recovery.
;;-0.1027;;addressing the meeting, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , the chief minister explained the sorry economic state of andhra pradesh, which he said is burdened under heavy debts and lacks employment opportunities.
;;0.0;;singapore: prime minister narendramodi today visited hindu and buddhist temples and a mosque in chinatown here, demonstrating the age-old people-to-people contact between india and singapore.
;;0.0;;us secretary of state mike pompeo with prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.3182;;co/lus78x57eg  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1561525843000new delhi: us secretary of state mike pompeo met prime minister narendramodi on wednesday and discussed various aspects of the bilateral relationship to strengthen the india-us strategic partnership.
;;0.0;;secretary pompeo called on pm narendramodi to exchange views on various aspects of indo-us relationship.
;;-0.5574;;he also reminded everyone that he had called prime minister narendramodi a fascist in 2014.
;;0.875;;hailing the renewed commitment of the nda government to double the farmers income, the cm said the new scheme, pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi, clearly reflected the pro-farmer vision of prime minister narendramodi and would help realise his vision of doubling farmers income by 2022.
;;0.5106;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi , speaking on behalf of the country, told isro scientists that the entire nation stands with them and expressed confidence that the space agency will go on to achieve many milestones in the future.
;;0.4939;;a few days ago, pm narendramodi , in his 'mann ki baat' radio programme, praised isro scientists for fixing the rocket glitch in record time and launching the lunar mission within seven days of the first scheduled liftoff date.
;;0.9022;;the sanctioned strength of sc judges was increased days after chief justice of india ranjan gogoi wrote to prime minister narendramodi to increase the number of judges in the top court.
;;-0.3489;;the party had roped in all big shots, including prime minister narendramodi , but could not save its face, though they have retained power.
;;0.0;;new delhi: bilateral and global issues jostled for space during an informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin when on monday the two leaders met for almost six hours in bocharev creek in sochi finishing the meetings, which ranged from one-onones, to delegation level talks, from a ride on a yacht, to a visit to an educational centre, modi tweeted: extremely productive discussions with president putin.
;;-0.4404;;kcr has been vocal in his criticism of prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0;;mysuru: two girls  both children of teachers from mysuru district  have been selected for prime minister narendramodi 's pariksha pe charcha 2.
;;0.7003;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi telephoned his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina on monday and conveyed his heartiest congratulations on her party's decisive victory in the parliamentary elections.
;;0.5859;;chouhan congratulated prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah for the partys performance in the polls and historic win in the three northeast states.
;;0.5267;;he suggested that irma can work closely with niti aayog in the latters aspirational districts programme that was launched by prime minister narendramodi to quickly and effectively transform selected districts of the country.
;;0.0;;the leaders also discussed recent remarks made against prime minister narendramodi by chief minister k chandrasekhar rao.
;;0.5994;;in a bid to fulfill prime minister narendramodi modis dream of having the world's largest stadium in gujarat, gca president amit shah , senior vice-president parimal nathwani and joint secretary jay shah are closely monitoring all developments and providing inputs at each stage of the project.
;;-0.128;;reddy also said he would raise the demand in the first meeting of the governing council of the niti aayog , to be chaired by prime minister narendramodi , saturday.
;;-0.4767;;uddhav dared chief minister devendra fadnavis to an open debate on crucial issues facing the state launching a blistering attack on narendramodi , thackeray said the pm spends more time abroad than in india.
;;0.5106;;it was prime minister narendramodi who made a strong push for doing away with the mci at a meeting held under the aegis of niti aayog in march 2016 to review the health sector.
;;-0.7096;;new delhi: congress leader navjot singh sidhu hit back at the bjp's criticism over his visit to pakistan, wondering if prime minister narendramodi was jealous over not being invited to the swearing-in ceremony of pakistan pm imran khan.
;;0.0;;the congratulatory call from pompeo comes nearly three weeks after jaishankar was appointed by prime minister narendramodi as his external affairs minister.
;;-0.2263;;shimla: the union ministry of health and family welfare has demanded additional around 450 bighas of land for the all india institute of medical sciences ( aiims ) at kothipura in bilaspur district whose foundation stone was laid by prime minister narendramodi in october last year before the announcement of the assembly elections.
;;0.0;;after meeting prime minister narendramodi in delhi in the morning, sindhu, her coach pullela gopichand , and her father were expected to take a flight to vijayawada at 3pm to meet andhra pradesh chief minister ys jaganmohan reddy.
;;0.4215;;the applause was just as loud for prime minister narendramodi as it was for manik sarkar.
;;0.1655;;mysuru: prime minister narendramodi is losing his grip on administration, and the decision to provide 10  reservation of economically weaker sections among the upper castes is nothing but a tactic to protect his government, said president of the hindulida vargagala jagruthika vedike ks shivaramu on sunday.
;;-0.5216;;reddy said he had told the cm many times that prime minister narendramodi will not grant special status to ap.
;;0.7184;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said he would reinforce india's strong support to reformed multilateralism at the g20 summit, crucial to preserve rule-based international order.
;;0.3612;;(photo courtesy: ani)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday arrived in parliament library on the second day of ' abhyas varga ' training programme being organised by the bjp for all its parliamentarians in lok sabha and rajya sabha.
;;0.0;;sibal said mehrishi was the finance secretary from october 24, 2014 to august 30, 2015 and in between prime minister narendramodi went to paris on april 10, 2015 and announced the signing of the rafale deal.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, the day when chief minister edappadi k palaniswami took a flight to new delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi , the highways department, headed by him, issued the certificate to the nhai.
;;0.4767;;the decision by bjp's highest decision-making body was announced by former party president and defence minister rajnath singh after the meeting, which was attended by prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and iranian president hassan rouhani could not hold a planned meeting on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in bishkek on friday due to scheduling issues.
;;0.0;;new delhi: in a drive against malnutrition , prime minister narendramodi on sunday called for observing the month of september as  poshan abhiyan .
;;0.128;;thiruvananthapuram: senior congress mp k v thomas on saturday denied showering praises on prime minister narendramodi after the kerala pradesh congress committee (kpcc) had issued him a show-cause notice.
;;0.1779;;utilising kaginele, the karma bhoomi of eminent saintpoet kanakadasa, who is revered by the kuruba community, as a forum to criticize siddaramaiah, shah told the gathering at the state-level obc convention that prime minister narendramodi wanted to give constitutional status to the obc commission.
;;-0.4215;;kurukshetra: prime minister narendramodi took on opposition parties by invoking the mahabharata at a swachh bharat abhiyan event in kurukshetra town of haryana on tuesday, saying it was time to launch a final war on immorality and corruption.
;;-0.3612;;agra: dr bhimrao ambedkar university teachers association has sent a 10-point complain letter to prime minister narendramodi against mismanagement by vice-chancellor arvind kumar dixit.
;;0.7003;;srtepc stated that the msme programme launched by prime minister narendramodi on november 2 is designed on 12 key initiatives which will help growth, expansion and facilitation of msmes across the country.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi will inaugurate the bridge along with the one at navayard.
;;-0.1531;;as the gram swaraj abhiyan , launched by prime minister narendramodi , drew to a close saturday, the targets under saubhagya scheme to provide electricity supply to households and ujjawala yojana for lpg connections showed a low yield.
;;0.0;;the isro plans to send three indians to space by 2022, an announcement made by prime minister narendramodi during his last independence day speech.
;;0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi will address the summit on the opening day, which comes at a time when the indian economy is poised for rapid growth and has undergone far reaching economic reforms, such as roll out of the goods & services tax (gst).
;;0.0;;this story is from january 28, 2019pm narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.5994;;madurai: once again prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the state triggered a hashtag war on the social media as twitter going rife with tweets against his visit trending worldwide on sunday.
;;0.3612;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi , who had said a few months ago that he would return with his monthly radio address after the elections, sunday credited the people for his return to run the government.
;;0.9337;;a clear improvement in congress numbers will be hailed by the party as evidence that the partys luck, and rahuls leadership, is turning a corner, offering hope that the bjp juggernaut led by prime minister narendramodi can be slowed if not halted.
;;0.0516;;his journeys of discovery in rural india, firmed up his belief in welfare policies preferred by centre-left governments and he took up causes like tribals opposing bauxite mining in niyamgiri and the anti-land acquisition stir at bhatta parsaul the dramatic victory of narendramodi has cast a strong question mark over these policies as the bjp strongman directly blamed rahul and sonia gandhi for the corruption scandals that rocked upa 2.
;;-0.5994;;gandhinagar: on may 26, when prime minister narendramodi modis government completed four years in power, the political circles of gujarat witnessed a war of words.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modichennai: prime minister narendramodi will be the chief guest at the 56th convocation of iit-madras , scheduled to be held on september 30, the institute has announced on its website.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to take part in the sco summit to be held in the chinese city of qingdao in june.
;;-0.2023;;taking on prime minister narendramodi , mahadeva questioned the formers failure to fulfill his pledge to deposit rs 15 lakh in all bank accounts.
;;0.5719;;(ani photo)paris: prime minister narendramodi on thursday arrived in france on the first leg of his three-nation tour during which he will have a summit interaction with president emmanuel macron to further boost the bilateral comprehensive strategic partnership.
;;0.0;;7km aqua line from december 11 to 13 for the final certification needed to start commercial operations on the corridor that is likely to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on christmas day.
;;0.1027;;ahmedabad: prime minister narendramodi and his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu reached the sabarmati ashram after completing the 8-km roadshow from the ahmedabad airport.
;;0.0258;;this story is from november 11, 2018file photo of rss chief mohan bhagwatdownload the times of india news app for latest cityvaranasi: a day before prime minister narendramodi 's arrival in the city, rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) chief mohan bhagwat will reach here on sunday to attend a six-day meet of full-time 'prachar pramukhs' from six zonal units of northern states at an under-construction private school in vyasbagh of koirajpur locality.
;;-0.1531;;chennai: chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on saturday urged prime minister narendramodi to advise the ministry of steel and steel authority of india limited not to privatize salem steel plant.
;;0.0;;allahabad: a day after its flag-off by prime minister narendramodi , the vande bharat express developed a technical snag on saturday morning on its return journey from varanasi to the national capital.
;;0.4939;;expressing confidence that bjp will come to power again at centre, the bjp leader said that the forthcoming polls will witness prime minister narendramodi and developments carried out during his tenure on one side and opportunistic gang on the other side.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi will be honouring kharbanda and current dc of tarn taran pardeep sabharwal on the occasion.
;;0.128;;recognising states performance on bbbp, prime minister narendramodi had launched pan-india expansion of bbbp in march 2018 from jhunjhunu.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi , who was called a dear friend of israel by netanyahu, accompanied his israeli counterpart to the event but did not speak, leaving the centre-stage for him.
;;-0.5423;;jalandhar: aam aadmi party (aap) mp and partys punjab president bhagwant mann said on wednesday that allegations levelled by prime minister narendramodi against former pm manmohan singh and others for conspiring with pakistan during a dinner meeting at senior congress leader mani shankar aiyars residence in delhi reflected his desperation and fear regarding gujarat elections.
;;0.4019;;speaking at the second ground breaking ceremony for industrial projects worth rs 65,000 crore here, shah said prime minister narendramodi has set the target for the country to be among the top three economies in the world in the next five years.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi sees dreams with open eyes and such people do not sleep till they realise them, he said.
;;0.0;;washington: us president donald trump will have a trilateral meeting with prime minister narendramodi and japanese prime minister shinzo abe on the sidelines of the g20 summit in buenos aires on november 30 and december 1, the white house said on tuesday.
;;0.0;;drawing a contrast, shah said the manner in which prime minister narendramodi had dealt with doklam was exemplary.
;;-0.34;;referring to prime minister narendramodi 's address to the nation on august 8, in which he stressed early conduct of the elections, the governor asked kumar to expedite the process.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 6, 2018prime minister narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0258;;jaipur: sharpening his attack on senior congress leaders including sonia and rahul gandhi over corruption, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday claimed it was the courage of a chaiwala that brought those ruling the country for four generations to the doors of the court.
;;0.2263;;vijay kumar singh (67), who has got such posters prepared and pasted on the city roads and outside the congress headquarters, said, rahul ji has all the qualities of lord ram while prime minister narendramodi is only busy in the political use of his name.
;;0.0;;to counter that, the bjp had put up posters portraying its senior leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , as bharatiya.
;;0.0;;they were part of the facilities prime minister narendramodi inaugurated from madurai the gpo centre will cater to residents of north chennai.
;;0.0772;;this story is from january 15, 2019survey on prime minister narendramodi modis namo appi want your direct feedback on various issuestake part in the survey on the narendramodi mobile app.
;;0.8225;;co/hdshopnoey  narendramodi (@narendramodi) 1547445334000most bjp lok sabha mps from tough statesit is a great opportunity to share your feedback with prime minister shri @narendramodi on various issues relating https://t.
;;0.2732;;the last hit came from prime minister narendramodi in his public meeting at nilgiri grounds in limbayat, where he managed to appease the large section of migrant voters through his charisma.
;;0.34;;kolkata: the prestigious theatre olympics being hosted next year by the government of india has invited a play that is a veiled critique of prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will visit karnataka in the first week of may and his tour programme is being chalked out, he added.
;;-0.1531;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday announced that india would raise its target for restoring degraded land from 21 million hectares to 26 million hectares by 2030.
;;0.9607;;prime minister narendramodi modichennai: tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami and his deputy, o panneerselvam , on tuesday extended birthday greetings to prime minister narendramodi in his message, the chief minister said, please accept my heartiest greetings and best wishes on the joyous occasion of your birthday.
;;0.6474;;referring to prime minister narendramodi , who initiated the swachh bharat campaign, she said, i think thats a man doing everyday, normal life politics it might seem not-so-visionary, not up in the skies but its everyday politics and we need that to solve this sustainable development challenges because sanitation is an extremely important part.
;;0.0;;it has written a letter to prime minister narendramodi and invited him to wear the doctors apron for a day.
;;0.0;;varanasi: two years after hosting his japanese counterpart shinzo abe in his parliamentary constituency, prime minister narendramodi will roll out the red carpet for french president emmanuel macron and his wife here on march 12.
;;0.0;;lucknow: prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the two-day up investors summit in lucknow on wednesday.
;;0.6808;;he also thanked prime minister narendramodi for launching the farmers income support scheme across the country on jayalalithaas birthday.
;;-0.4215;;dharwad: the farmers of malaprabha command area who have been agitating for several years for the diversion of mahadayi river water to the malaprabha river are set to have a meeting with prime minister narendramodi and union water resources minister nitin gadkari in new delhi on june 13 or 14.
;;0.0;;they said we may get an appointment with prime minister narendramodi on either june 13 or 14 for about 30 minutes.
;;0.3182;;fadnavis was, however, quick to add that the state government supported the 'one nation, one election' theory, propagated by prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0;;while a package has been announced by prime minister narendramodi , another scheme is in the works for small traders and exporters.
;;-0.7717;;bambolim: yoga guru ramdev took a light-hearted dig at union i&b minister smriti irani by suggesting that the whole controversy surrounding the punitive directions to be imposed on journalists for alleged fake news was an indicator of what happens when prime minister narendramodi modis guidance is not sought.
;;0.6369;;with great difficulty it has come out of it,what narendramodi doesnt plan, ends up like this, he said.
;;0.4019;;ptigandhinagar: prime minister narendramodi took a firm decision and made jammu and kashmir an inseparable part of india in one go, union home minister amit shah said on thursday, referring to the centre's historic decision to revoke the border state's special status and bifurcate it.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi does not take decisions just to please people.
;;0.6705;;chennai: the 2,476-crore modernisation programme of chennai airport got a fillip on wednesday with the cabinet committee on economic affairs , chaired by prime minister narendramodi , giving its approval for a 3,36,000sqm integrated terminal.
;;0.0;;bjp state president and rajya sabha mp, vinay tendulkar, had recently said that chief minister manohar parrikar would call prime minister narendramodi over the states mining imbroglio.
;;0.0;;speaking at delhi bjps yuva vijay sankalp maharally at ramlila maidan, chauhan said: everyone knows that bjp has a commander in prime minister narendramodi , but who will be their (opposition parties)commander?
;;-0.836;;ahmedabad: suspended ips officer sanjiv bhatt on thursday told the nanavati commission that he was willing to depose with regard to the alleged role of gujarat chief minister narendramodi in undermining a petition filed by social activist mallika sarabhai after the 2002 riots.
;;0.2732;;shimla: bjp is all set to launch its campaign for 2019 parliamentary election from dharamshala as prime minister narendramodi has accepted the request of the state government to be the chief guest at the event to mark one year of the partys rule in himachal pradesh.
;;0.0;;bengaluru: a local court in bengaluru has issued a notice to the election commission of india over the suspension of a karnataka-based ias officer mohammed mohsin for allegedly inspecting prime minister narendramodi modis helicopter during lok sabha elections earlier this year.
;;0.4646;;former union minister and senior bjp leader arun jaitley (pti, file photo)bjpnarendra modiamit shahnew delhi: former union minister and senior bjp leader arun jaitley did not just play a crucial role in the government but he was also instrumental in the rise of the bjp, prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah the master strategist that he was, he extended crucial help to both the nda governments of atal bihari vajpayee and narendramodi and the bjp all these years.
;;0.1027;;when narendramodi became prime minister in 2014, arun jaitley got the charge of finance, corporate affairs and defence ministries.
;;0.5574;;after the bjp's defeat in the 2009 lok sabha election under the leadership of advani, jaitley was one of the prominent party leaders to slowly and cautiously promote narendramodi as the man who would lead the 2014 general election.
;;0.4939;;new delhi: as the netherlands joined the international solar alliance (isa) here on thursday, prime minister narendramodi greeted his dutch counterpart mark rutte by enhancing bilateral relations in the fields of energy, agriculture, water and technology during the latters second visit to india.
;;0.6808;;addressing a gathering of bjp supporters here, the former foreign secretary praised prime minister narendramodi for his vision of new india, stressing things were changing under his leadership.
;;0.4215;;these suggestions form part of the bibek debroy-led logistics development committee's report titled 'key challenges in logistics development and the associated commerce - policy reforms for ease of doing business/trade in india' which was submitted to prime minister narendramodi recently.
;;0.0;;the chief minister said he would likely to meet prime minister narendramodi on thursday to seek financial aid.
;;-0.1027;;new delhi: a day after senior congress leader jairam ramesh said it was wrong to demonise prime minister narendramodi , several party colleagues, including abhishek singhvi shashi tharoor and sharmishtha mukherjee, echoed his sentiment.
;;-0.6931;;this explains why despite supreme courts orders former congress president sonia gandhi, former prime minister dr manmohan singh and then finance minister p chidambaram dragged their feet on the formation of sit, one of the first decisions taken by the present nda government headed by prime minister narendramodi to fight black money, he added.
;;0.4404;;srinagar: pdp president mehbooba mufti on thursday welcomed pakistans offer on opening several shrines, including shardapeeth , to devotees from india, saying prime minister narendramodi should consider the offer.
;;-0.5106;;even the public rallies addressed by bjp stalwarts and star campaigners including prime minister narendramodi , ups chief minister yogi aadityanath and bjp chief amit shah failed to make an impact on the rates.
;;0.7003;;houston: us president donald trump on sunday greeted 'happy birthday' to prime minister narendramodi who turned 69 last week.
;;0.4019;;new york: india's experience and capabilities in providing affordable healthcare is available for use to all developing countries, prime minister narendramodi told the first-ever high-level meeting on universal health coverage here on monday, underscoring that a healthy life is the right of every person.
;;0.7717;;he praised prime minister narendramodi for his efforts to implement the vision of dr ambedkar though schemes like' sab ka sath sabka vikas' and 'beti bachao, beti padao'.
;;-0.8025;;madurai: dmk working president m k stalin has accused prime minister narendramodi of trying to implement projects disastrous to tamil nadus environment because he did not like the people of the state opposing hindi and standing up for their rights.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is concerned over the issue and suitable measures will be taken, he said.
;;0.2732;;bhosale said he agreed with the policies pursued by prime minister narendramodi and will work for maharashtra.
;;0.6369;;in his 15-minute address at naga heritage village, kisama, singh, who is visiting nagaland for the first time as the home minister, said the government of india, under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , is trying to do its best to fulfil the aspirations of the naga people.
;;0.25;;ahmedabad/dharoi: prime minister narendramodi created waves on the concluding day of campaigning for gujarat assembly elections, on tuesday, as he took off on the maiden seaplane flight from sabarmati riverfront in ahmedabad to dharoi dam in mehsana.
;;-0.8442;;if the seaplane ride was undertaken by narendramodi in place of his banned roadshow, it amounts to the violation of the model code of conduct and a violation of a number of provisions of the indian penal code and the representation of people act, said shantaram naik, an ex-mp of congress and the president of the goa pradesh congress committee the leader of the movement seeking reservations for patidars, hardik patel, tweeted: seaplanes have been in use in other countries for some time now.
;;0.0;;he also a released a booklet on the occasion, titled 'ghotala hi ghotala', describing the alleged corruption in gujarat by chief minister narendramodi and his cabinet.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in march inaugurated a rifle plant in amethi that will produce 750,000 kalashnikov ak-203 rifles under a joint venture between india and russia.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated kiran hospital in april 2017.
;;0.34;;modinew delhi: pitching for development initiatives in jammu and kashmir , prime minister narendramodi on wednesday asked union ministers to work on schemes and projects for the region, and also called for engaging with officials and students from the state who are currently based in different parts of the country.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar: prime minister narendramodi will arrive in gujarat on monday, on a two-day visit to the state.
;;0.5574;;can the state government at least now state whether prime minister narendramodi has agreed to meet an all-party delegation from tn or has promised to constitute the board?
;;0.7003;;launching the scheme in october 2014, prime minister narendramodi had expressed hope that it would open the door for good politics.
;;-0.3818;;shillong: the assembly election is around the corner and politicians are busy chalking out strategies for the battle of ballots, especially after prime minister narendramodi kicked off bjps poll campaign here last saturday.
;;0.0;;hazaribag: three years after he inaugurated the railway link between hazaribag and koderma on february 20, 2015, prime minister narendramodi will flag off the new ranchi-patna express via barkakana-hazaribag-koderma-gaya-jehanabad route originating in begusarai in bihar at 11am on before coming to hazaribag later in the day.
;;0.5106;;scrapping 370 is the result of strong nationalist policy of prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah .
;;0.5106;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked bjp mps to nurse their constituency by playing a leading role in its development and advised them to take up a cause of human sensitivity like eradication of leprosy or tuberculosis, parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi told reporters.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , during the annual conference of tax officers in september 2017, had observed that the income-tax act, 1961, was drafted more than 50 years ago and it needs to be redrafted.
;;0.128;;lucknow: a day after prime minister narendramodi attacked the opposition for playing caste politics with him in wake of ongoing lok sabha elections by casting aspersions on his backward class status, congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra said that the opposition parties were only talking about development and claimed that she was not even aware of his caste.
;;0.7269;;marking growing warmth in bilateral ties, india and germany have signed a slew of pacts covering cyber security, urban development, vocational education and infrastructure during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the european nation.
;;-0.34;;earlier on friday morning, while taking out a short cycle rally to amaravati, naidu issued a stern warning to prime minister narendramodi and the bjp people of the state have taught a lesson to the congress.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , national bjp president amit shah, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, several union ministers, several bjp-ruled state cms and senior party leaders are likely to take part in the oath-taking ceremony.
;;0.0;;earlier, narendramodi had taken oath as gujarat chief minister at sardar patel stadium in 2012.
;;0.0;;in february this year, chief minister edappadi k palanisami went a step ahead and urged prime minister narendramodi to set up the aiims at sengipatti considering several aspects.
;;-0.5994;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1513305320000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi paid tributes to the country's first home minister sardar vallabhbhai patel on his death anniversary on friday, saying every indian is indebted to him for his monumental service to the nation.
;;0.0;;together, both the congress and the shiv sena raised slogans against prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah.
;;-0.2263;;this story is from november 16, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityjaipur: jhunjhunu hit national limelight when protesters, mainly young contractual workers, waived black flags during prime minister narendramodi modis rally early this year.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi met women mps of the bjp over breakfast at his residence on friday, the fifth in the series of meetings with a cross-section of parliamentarians from the party.
;;0.9623;;expressing happiness, she also announced that india will be made open defecation free on october 2nd, 2019, as per the dream of prime minister narendramodi i am happy and satisfied to report that india will be made open defecation free on october 2nd, 2019, as per the dream of prime minister narendramodi , she said.
;;0.3818;;swaraj met ramaphosa who recalled his meeting with prime minister narendramodi at the commonwealth summit in london and conveyed his commitment to take the bilateral relations to the next level, according to a statement by the ministry of external affairs.
;;-0.5267;;new delhi: a delegation of senior bjp leaders, including three cabinet ministers, called on the election commission of india on thursday to refute congress allegations that prime minister narendramodi violated the model code of conduct after casting his vote in ahmedabad.
;;0.0;;in the run up to the polls, prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah personally targeted baghel during the campaign.
;;0.5574;;the grand convention hall at mahatma mandir hosted pm narendramodi and representatives from 56 african nations and experts from across the globe with the plush couches for the dignitaries.
;;-0.0772;;meeting the old acquaintancespm narendramodi who was leaving the convention hall to meet african dignitaries on tuesday morning stopped for a while when he spotted nirmal kumar , iim-a alumnus and founder of g-auto, in the crowd and called upon him to chat.
;;0.5267;;the direction had followed a submission by the attorney general that the selection committee members comprising prime minister narendramodi , then chief justice of india dipak misra, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan and eminent jurist mukul rohatgi had met on july 19 last year to deliberate upon names for members of the search committee.
;;0.7783;;president ram nath kovind , prime minister narendramodi , defence minister rajnath singh led the nation in paying tributes to theheroes, extolling the courage, bravery and dedication of the soldiers who were part of the operation.
;;-0.4767;;kanpur: former vhp leader and international president of antarrashtriya hindu parishad, pravin togadia, on wednesday blamed prime minister narendramodi for farmers suicides in the country.
;;-0.2263;;jaipur: rajasthan high court has asked the inspector general of police (ig), jaipur range, to order an investigation by not less than an officer on the rank of additional superintendent of police of any district other than jhunjhunu on the charge of obstruction of public servants from discharging their duties by some protesters during prime minister narendramodi modis rally in jhunjhunu on march 8.
;;0.6124;;our partnership with bangladesh remains an example what neighbours can do together, he said, adding that prime minister narendramodi is determined to ensure partnership remains a role model in south asia.
;;0.0;;wang's visit was also aimed at finalising the ground work for president xi jinping 's upcoming visit to india for the second informal summit with prime minister narendramodi the chinese foreign minister is rescheduling his visit to india, said a source.
;;-0.7096;;suresh apparently told his wife that he was upset over prime minister narendramodi modis visit to tamil nadu on friday in the backdrop of the centres failure to constitute the cauvery management board.
;;-0.4767;;varanasi: maulvi of a local mosque abid ali was arrested for posting an objectionable image of prime minister narendramodi on his social media account.
;;0.7943;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi called upon bjp mps on sunday to shun any negativity and work with a positive mindset so as to win over even those who did not vote for the party.
;;0.2023;;the poster circulated by mhrd has prime minister narendramodi modis image on top corner and azads on the other.
;;0.4019;;the party cec led by prime minister narendramodi met in the evening.
;;0.3612;;this story is from november 8, 2018file photobacheli: he looks like prime minister narendramodi , dresses and speaks like him and begins his speech with 'mitron', but their similarities end there -- he is abhinandan pathak, a congress campaigner in the naxal-affected bastar region of chhattisgarh who says achche din nahin ayenge.
;;0.5859;;jalandhar: prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate 106th indian science congress, to be held at lovely professional university from january 3 to 7, 2019.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi also formed a national committee to monitor the celebrations across the country.
;;0.34;;stepping up the heat against the centre ahead of the prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the state, chief minister on sunday released the first white paper explaining the status of implementation of assurances made by the pm.
;;0.7906;;kochi: to celebrate its first anniversary kochi metro will offer free rides on june 19, the date when the commercial services were declared open by prime minister narendramodi in 2017.
;;0.4404;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citywe expected better days after the business-friendly chief minister vasundhara raje and development-oriented prime minister narendramodi came to power.
;;-0.0711;;taking on the bjp , the hyderabad mp said that prime minister narendramodi does not have political wisdom like sardar patel and jawaharlal nehru had.
;;-0.7906;;kurukshetra: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday inaugurated two healthcare institution  national cancer institute at jhajjar and the esic medical college and hospital, faridabad  and laid the foundation stone of national institute of ayurveda, panchkula; pandit deen dayal upadhyaya university of health sciences, karnal; shri krishna ayush university, kurukshetra; and battles of panipat museum, panipat.
;;0.0;;thakurnagar/durgapur: prime minister narendramodi termed fridays interim budget  in which major sops were announced for farmers and the middle class  a trailer with more to follow when the full-fledged budget is presented after bjp is voted to power in the forthcoming general elections.
;;0.0;;we have decided to meet prime minister narendramodi and railway minister very shorty, bjp spokesperson mir firasat ali baqri said.
;;-0.6808;;chief minister mamata banerjee had started a dharna on sunday evening protesting against the alleged highhandedness of the centre and insults meted out to her by prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;-0.6977;;rahul also said the bjp would not win the 2019 lok sabha polls and even prime minister narendramodi might lose from varanasi as he will not be able to face a 'united' opposition.
;;-0.8176;;lucknow: forty-eight hours after a section of an under-construction flyover fell on moving cars and pedestrians in prime minister narendramodi 's constituency varanasi, killing 18 people, the state government has sacked up bridge corporation managing director rajan mittal even before the accident probe report was submitted.
;;0.0258;;the seat is presently represented by city unit bjp president ranjan bhatt who had contested in a by-election after prime minister narendramodi relinquished it and retained the varanasi seat in 2014.
;;-0.4588;;bjp functionaries staged a protest against vaiko by burning his effigy on sunday, for his protest against prime minister narendramodi in madurai.
;;-0.4404;;over 1000 homebuyers whose apartments are delayed for delivery by several builders including jaypee, amrapali, unitech and others held a silent protest even as prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the magenta metro line from the city on monday.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi , in a letter written in response to a congratulatory message by his pakistani counterpart imran khan , has called for early operationalisation of the kartarpur corridor which is functional all the year round, according the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;the was letter written by prime minister narendramodi to imran khan.
;;0.0;;on april 27, prime minister narendramodi will address a rally at csn degree college, as he did ahead of the 2017 assembly elections.
;;0.6369;;the speaker urged prime minister narendramodi to include the expansion and modernization of parliament building in his resolution for the naya bharat on the completion of 75 years of indias freedom in 2022.
;;0.296;;roy, a strong critic of prime minister narendramodi , is an award-winning writer whose views on kashmiri separatism has been a cause for controversy.
;;0.743;;the move, as per the letter, comes after prime minister narendramodi on august 28, launched 'fit india, a nation-wide campaign aimed to encourage the citizens to include physical activity and sports in their daily lives.
;;-0.4767;;mumbai: juhu police on wednesday arrested a 25-year-old tour and travel firm employee for derogatory tweets against prime minister narendramodi and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;amarinder singh, who called on prime minister narendramodi in parliament earlier in the day, said that sidhu was given the key portfolio of power.
;;0.4019;;i appreciate the initiative of prime minister narendramodi that north indians should learn a southern language and vice versa.
;;0.296;;sardesai also said the bjp should pursue the matter with prime minister narendramodi the ball is in bjp court, they have to get it solved.
;;0.25;;the chief minister is learnt to have presented a detailed plan for the implementation of dream plan of prime minister narendramodi and issues emphasised by amit shah during his last meeting in bhopal.
;;0.0;;prior to the assembly polls (in bihar), prime minister narendramodi indulged in auctioning.
;;0.6369;;adhir ranjan chowdhurynew delhi: congress mp adhir ranjan chowdhury , a feisty leader from west bengal, came in for a bit of praise from prime minister narendramodi who called him a fighter after the all-party meeting here on sunday ahead of the start of the 17th lok sabha.
;;0.0;;tirupur: chief minister edappadi k palaniswami has written to prime minister narendramodi urging the central governments intervention to rejuvenate tirupur knitwear cluster .
;;0.3612;;speaking to reporters here on friday, the mp said steps should be taken to preserve this region and an experiential museum like the one coming up at the prime minister narendramodi modis hometown vadnagar in gujarat should be established at keeladi.
;;0.8709;;the party wants to save democracy from the clutches of prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah , so we will devote all our strength on the seats where we are certain we can defeat them, menon said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has directed provision of all necessary assistance.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi: exit polls on thursday unanimously predicted that bjp would return to power in gujarat and rout congress in himachal pradesh while the polls disagreed on the scale of the partys victory in prime minister narendramodi modis home state, not one suggested a close result, with the lowest forecast being 99 seats for bjp in the 182-member assembly.
;;0.4019;;their talk of high moral values has crumbled after audio tapes emerged on how  at the behest of prime minister narendramodi  a blatant attempt was made to purchase the mlas.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi and president joko widodo (courtesy: twitter | @meaindia)taking forward the comprehensive strategic partnership pm @narendramodi had a productive meeting with indonesian p https://t.
;;0.7351;;co/j9geiusfrr  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1561768643000osaka: india and indonesia on saturday set an ambitious us $50 billion target for bilateral trade over the next six years as prime minister narendramodi and president joko widodo discussed ways to deepen cooperation in a number of key areas including economy, defence and maritime security.
;;-0.1027;;noida: hundreds of homebuyers , whose apartments were delayed by builders like jaypee amrapali and unitech , held a silent protest even as prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the magenta line of the delhi metro.
;;0.0;;kochi: in view of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to kochi on sunday, traffic will be regulated in various parts of the city and suburbs from 1.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (l) shakes hands with russian president vladimir putin at a plenary session of ea.
;;-0.34;;kolkata: eminent personalities including filmmakers, novelists and historians across the country have sent an open letter to the prime minister narendramodi accentuating increase in religious identity based hate crimes in the country.
;;-0.6808;;ajmer: a day after prime minister narendramodi took a dig at rahul gandhi 's hug and wink episode in parliament, the congress president hit back on thursday by saying that modi spreads hatred to hide own fears.
;;0.7783;;for this exercise, being like-minded is not necessary but people should be right-minded, singh said, adding, there is extreme love in the heart of prime minister narendramodi for jammu and kashmir .
;;0.7269;;flagging off the ' run for unity ', organised here on the occasion of 143rd birth anniversary of patel, he said prime minister narendramodi has been working relentlessly with the country's first home minister's objective of making india strong and keeping it united.
;;0.4939;;speaking to reporters after offering prayers at kashi vishwanath temple, kishan praised prime minister narendramodi for the expansion of the temple area through the kashi vishwanath dham project.
;;0.128;;jaipur: leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad on saturday said prime minister narendramodi modis foreign trips failed to create an environment that would help bring back fugitives or black money stashed abroad.
;;0.6808;;mangaluru: ramesh jigajinagi union minister of state for drinking water and sanitation, said the central government under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi will always further the cause of bpl families by ensuring that lpg reaches all people, so that kitchens across the country are free from smoke pollution.
;;-0.0772;;in order to give a universal reach of clean cooking lpg in the country, the cabinet committee on economic affairs chaired by prime minister narendramodi recently has given a latest decision to release deposit-free lpg connections to poor families, who were not in the socio economic caste census (secc) list or those not under seven categories of epmuy, he said.
;;0.0772;;the work done by prime minister narendramodi for the welfare of the sc community will be elaborated upon at the rally and we want to give the message that the bjp government is working for them, said a bjp leader.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi flew in here from varanasi and drove straight to the residence of kumar at basavanagudi and paid homage to his colleague by placing a wreath on his mortal remains, on monday night.
;;0.0772;;given that prime minister narendramodi and multiple government ministers will speak at the same event, i am concerned that mr trump's speech will send the mistaken message that he is speaking on behalf of the president, the administration or the united states government, not as a private individual, or that he is communicating official american policy, menendez said.
;;0.0;;elections are being held in two phases in prime minister narendramodi 's home state, with the second phase for 93 seats in north and central gujarat slated for december 14.
;;0.1027;;times news networkvaranasi: chief minister yogi adityanath reached the city on friday evening and took stock of the projects to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi during his proposed visit to the city on february 19.
;;0.0;;bhopal: prime minister narendramodi is likely to arrive on a day-long visit to madhya pradesh on june 23, and will take part in two programmes in indore and rajgarh districts, said sources.
;;0.5994;;fadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari should use their good offices with prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah to convince them that such a large project with capacity of generating a lakh direct and indirect jobs is required more in the backward vidarbha region, the mla said.
;;0.0;;the 182-metre-tall statue was unveiled by prime minister narendramodi on october 31 last year.
;;0.8225;;ani photonew delhi: the government has made clear its intention to undertake reform measures to boost growth and highlighted the need to make the indian economy competitive, prime minister narendramodi told a group of economists and sectoral experts on saturday at a meeting ahead of the presentation of the union budget.
;;-0.2023;;jaipur: congress chief rahul gandhi set off a controversy on wednesday when he accused prime minister narendramodi of running away from the debate on rafale deal in the lok sabha and instead letting a woman  defence minister nirmala sitharaman  defend him in parliament.
;;0.7783;;we are unwavering in our commitment towards economic reforms, which will ensure an environment that fosters industry, investment and opportunities, prime minister narendramodi tweeted.
;;0.0;;noida: chief minister yogi aditya nath announced two more metro projects for uttar pradesh, in kanpur and agra, as he joined prime minister narendramodi at the inaugural function of the magenta line in noida on christmas day.
;;-0.8689;;prime minister narendramodi , who swept into office in 2014 on a pledge to weed out graft and black money, is clamping down on delinquent borrowers and corporate cheats as he seeks a second term at national elections next year and to contain political damage from the alleged pnb fraud of the tune of rs 13,000 crore uncovered last month.
;;0.8658;;in his speech, rss thinktank bhaiyaji joshi indicated the organizations continued support to prime minister narendramodi saying bharats progress gained pace only after 2014 and the common man will ensure it is continued.
;;0.0;;amaravati: chief minister n chandrababu naidu is unlikely to receive prime minister narendramodi during his visit on january 6.
;;0.1779;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday reminded people of the emergency and urged them not to take democracy for granted, saying in day-to-day life, it is difficult to savour the joy of democratic rights, unless they are snatched away.
;;0.5423;;habib said, now, the only special status that kashmiris will have is that they would have no rights, no freedom and everything will be controlled by prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi shakes hand with deputy chairman of rajya sabha harivansh narayan singh (l) as vi.
;;0.0;;read morenew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday released a book  chandra shekhar  the last icon of ideological politics written by deputy chairman of rajya sabha harivansh and ravi dutt bajpai.
;;0.0;;the order has been issued by the appointments committee of the cabinet (acc) that is headed by prime minister narendramodi and has home minister amit shah as its member.
;;0.0;;b'embarking on his latest foreign tour, prime minister narendramodi is visiting germany, spain, russia and france over the next few days.
;;0.0;;chandigarh: prime minister narendramodi attended a religious function organized by shiromani akali dal (sad) president sukhbir singh badal at his residence in delhi on friday, on the occasion of 550th birth anniversary of guru nanak.
;;0.5423;;several diplomats and dignitaries including prime minister narendramodi , defence minister rajnath singh , and opposition leader like ncp chief sharad pawar were in attendance.
;;0.0;;why does prime minister narendramodi need to address dozens of campaign rallies when he is needed in delhi to govern the country?
;;-0.743;;new delhi: chief minister arvind kejriwal has sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention to avert a water crisis looming large over the capital.
;;0.8555;;lajwanti, who was born in pakistans sindh province and had got married to ramesh lal in 1972, has thanked prime minister narendramodi for granting her citizenship and said that she was elated to become an indian.
;;0.7778;;joshi has since disappeared into oblivion, once considered to be among the most powerful rss-bjp leaders sharing a bonding with the likes of gujarat chief minister narendramodi and leader of opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj.
;;0.7269;;on june 22, bannon was the headliner at a rhc-hosted chicago event that incongruously melded two issues: discussing how to revive manufacturing in the us and celebrating prime minister narendramodi modis election victory in india (both kumar and bannon are modi fans).
;;0.0;;the central governments stance on this issue under prime minister narendramodi has been that the rss is not a political organisation so does not come under the ambit of similar instructions under the central civil services (conduct) rules, 1964.
;;-0.4767;;the first one, ins kalvari , a diesel-electric attack submarine was commissioned by prime minister narendramodi on december 14 last year.
;;-0.2732;;the high-powered committee headed by prime minister narendramodi removed verma from the post on thursday on charges of corruption and dereliction of duty.
;;-0.4588;;although we could not form the government, a message has been sent across that the bjp can have a tough time fighting the congress even in the home state of prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, said gehlot.
;;-0.9169;;new delhi: union home minister amit shah on saturday conveyed his concern to interpol over the delay in issuance of red corner notices (rcn) by the international organisation against fugitives hiding from law like terror accused zakir naik during a meeting with interpol secretary general jrgen stock, shah also emphasised the need for initiating a long-term strategic action plan against drug trafficking, international terrorism, dirty money and money laundering , against which prime minister narendramodi has adopted zero tolerance approach.
;;-0.5267;;the home minister apprised the interpol secretary general about the zero tolerance approach of prime minister narendramodi to drug trafficking, international terrorism and money laundering, the statement said.
;;0.6705;;ranchi: governor droupadi murmu on wednesday stressed on the need to convert the century-old central institute of psychiatry (cip) at kanke, ranchi, into an institute of national importance to help it address the growing problems associated with mental health inaugurating the centenary celebrations at cip, murmu said she has apprised prime minister narendramodi and union health minister j p nadda on the subject with a request that cip be granted all infrastructural and other support provided by the centre to national institute of mental health and neuro sciences (nimhans), bengaluru.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi is likely to visit bhutan next month to further deepen the already close relationship between the two countries, sources said on thursday.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister narendramodi will dedicate to the nation a greenfield electric locomotive manufacturing factory at madhepura on tuesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , in his speech on the independence day, reiterated his call for a new mass movement against single-use plastic in the country.
;;0.3182;;i am sure the new government under the guidance of prime minister narendramodi will fulfil the aspirations of the people, he added.
;;0.0;;guwahati: ahead of her two-day visit to myanmar from may 10, the gateway to asean and the country closest to the northeastern region, which prime minister narendramodi has described as the heart of india's act east policy, external affairs minister sushma swaraj on friday interacted with the chief ministers of the eight states of the region.
;;0.3384;;speaking at the meeting, chief minister sarbananda sonowal said prime minister narendramodi has put development of the northeast region at the heart of the act east policy, which has greatly increased people-to-people-contact, trade and other relations with the asean countries.
;;-0.5994;;ahmedabad: in a clear counter-offensive on senior officials not toeing the political line in the probe into 2002 riots and subsequent encounters, the narendramodi government in gujarat has decided to charge-sheet deputy inspector general (dig) rahul sharma for indiscipline and violation of official secrets act (osa).
;;-0.6486;;the chargesheet cleared by chief minister narendramodi on wednesday, it is learnt, accuses sharma of passing on information to the nanavati commission, which is probing the godhra incident and post-godhra riots, without the permission from the government.
;;0.4939;;he is perceived to be close to chief minister narendramodi and it was expected that he would be rewarded in some way.
;;0.1027;;the revamped policy, which will require ministerial clearance, has been drafted after prime minister narendramodi junked an earlier draft and asked bureaucrats to ensure that batteries were incentivised to lower costs instead of offering sops to automakers.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi has embarked on a crucial visit to stockholm where he will meet the prime ministers of denmark, finland, iceland, norway and sweden as part of the first india-nordic summit.
;;0.875;;on other hand, central agriculture minister gajender singh shekhawat campaigned and praised prime minister narendramodi for taking the country ahead in a positive direction.
;;0.5423;;new delhi: in keeping with an announcement made by prime minister narendramodi at the annual meeting of police chiefs in kevadia (gujarat) last year, the home ministry on friday notified the regulations for a new category of civilian award, to be named after sardar vallabhbhai patel , in recognition of notable contributions towards national unity.
;;0.8779;;allahabad: fans and supporters of prime minister narendramodi have once again devised a novel way of attracting the attention of voters in view of phulpur byelection by circulating modi chalisa on social media, including popular messaging apps.
;;0.128;;jai narendramodi gyan gun sagar, jai modi tihu lok ujagar, rastra doot aatulit baldhama, damodar putra narendramodi nama (the fame of prime minister narendramodi is spread everywhere and he has himself proved to be the real son of the country.
;;0.3595;;washington: us president donald trump will join prime minister narendramodi at houston 's mega howdy, modi!
;;0.1779;;in the wake of chief minister k chandrasekhar rao challenging prime minister narendramodi and making efforts to form a federal front, the bjp top leadership has taken the state seriously.
;;0.6369;;incidentally, thangamani called on prime minister narendramodi on may 8 ostensibly to thank him for the centre's support.
;;0.1027;;ashes kept at japan's renkoji temple, which some believe are netaji's (file photo)kolkata: amidst raging controversy about the end of netaji subhas chandra bose , his daughter anita bose pfaff on thursday urged prime minister narendramodi to ensure dna tests are done on the ashes kept at renkoji temple in japan to bring out the truth and alleged that certain people in the previous governments had neglected the matter as they never wanted the mystery to be solved.
;;0.0;;in 2016, the narendramodi government released 100 files regarding netaji.
;;-0.1027;;visakhapatnam: kicking off her campaign for the lok sabha polls, chief minister mamata banerjee on sunday challenged prime minister narendramodi to a us presidential-style debate on key issues.
;;0.7745;;i would like to request them that if you love the country, please dont support narendramodi and amit shah.
;;0.0;;designed around the theme of bharat ke mann ki baat, modi ke saath, the crowdsourcing exercise marks the first step to turn the lok sabha contest into a referendum on prime minister narendramodi and appears to be designed to invest the campaign with a larger-than-partisan purpose.
;;0.0772;;the photo that the accused morphed and released on social networking sites like facebook was clicked in kanyakumari district recently when the chief minister received prime minister narendramodi during the latters visit to the district.
;;0.34;;dharamshala: the cabinet committee on security (ccs), headed by prime minister narendramodi , has allowed the 17th karmapa ogyen trinley dorje to visit sikkim.
;;0.0516;;as anand sharma on friday had sought an apology from prime minister narendramodi , randhir sharma said that congress leader should tell people of his achievement as central minister during the upa regime.
;;-0.7579;;ahmedabad: a day after the election commission of india ordered an fir to be filed against congress president-elect rahul gandhi for violating the model code of conduct, the congress attacked prime minister narendramodi for breaching the election code by holding a  roadshow after casting his vote in the sabarmati constituency of ahmedabad.
;;0.8555;;prime minister narendramodi will launch the 'fit india movement', a nation-wide fitness programme to motivate citizens to take up at least one fitness activity on august 29 and rijiju said fitness is key to the overall development of a country.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi: a day after it was flagged off by prime minister narendramodi , india's first semi-high speed train, vande bharat express , ran into some trouble twice on saturday while returning to delhi from varanasi, officials said.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will hold a much publicised walk with french president emmanuel macron on the morning of august 26.
;;0.0;;it also comes two days ahead of the meeting scheduled between prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump in osaka, japan on the sidelines of the g-20 summit.
;;-0.3612;;(afp)new delhi: at a time when the water level in india's major reservoirs and river basins has fallen, prime minister narendramodi on sunday pitched for conservation of rain water, saying there is a pressing need to make water conservation a mass movement on the lines of the cleanliness drive.
;;0.0;;with the next ministerial scheduled for november 13, prime minister narendramodi , who will have to take the final decision on india's negotiating stance, is involving himself more deeply, spending long hours with the indian negotiators.
;;-0.34;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday exhorted bjp mps and elected representatives to expose those handful of people who had throttled democracy by stalling parliament proceedings during the budget session.
;;0.0258;;chandigarh: union minister for food processing industries harsimrat kaur badal met prime minister narendramodi on wednesday to take up the matter of change of name of dayal singh evening college at delhi.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi chaired the meeting, attended by representatives of all parties, including leader.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi chaired the meeting, attended by representatives of all parties, including leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad , national conference leader farooq abdullah and tmc leader derek o'brien.
;;0.3182;;mumbai: shiv sena mouthpiece saamna has held prime minister narendramodi squarely responsible for the bjp debacle in the rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhatisgarh assembly elections.
;;0.7096;;agartala: scripting its second big victory in the northeast after unseating congress in assam, bjp wants a show of strength similar to that in the neighbouring state for the swearing-in of the new government in tripura the state unit of the party is in constant touch with the pmo for dates from prime minister narendramodi , who would be the chief guest at the swearing-in function.
;;0.8442;;prime minister narendramodi , who is on a foreign visit, had on saturday paid an emotional tribute to jaitley, saying he cannot imagine that he was far away from india in bahrain while his dear friend and party colleague passed away in new delhi.
;;0.128;;sp spokesman rajendra chowdhary said the magenta line of the delhi metro , which was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on christmas, had already been launched by the then chief minister akhilesh yadav on december 15, 2016.
;;-0.296;;he also accused the narendramodi government at the centre of putting roadblocks in the completion of the noida segment of the metro.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi was committed to maintaining cordial relations with all states, he said.
;;-0.4019;;co/ginir06um3  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1567155581000new delhi: congress leader rahul gandhi hit out at prime minister narendramodi for neglecting the flood-hit state of kerala.
;;0.3612;;panaji: the cable-stayed bridge over the mandovi , which prime minister narendramodi was expected to inaugurate in august, is unlikely to be ready by then.
;;-0.7964;;nagpur: even as prime minister narendramodi has directed to take strictest action against guilty railway officials, a senior divisional medical officer (srdmo) with central railway, who declared a live patient dead, has been extended an olive branch.
;;-0.296;;evidently, bjp's tweet was in retaliation to rahul gandhi's suit boot jibe at prime minister narendramodi , who worn a monogrammed suit during a meeting with us president barack obama in 2015.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during the delegation-level meeting of the shanghai cooperation.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on friday attended the sco summit here.
;;-0.3612;;waterlogging and puddle on roads leading to the red fort, where prime minister narendramodi will hoist the national flag on the 73rd independence day, caused inconvenience to visitors.
;;0.0;;the letter was marked to prime minister narendramodi and opposition leader mallikarjun kharge.
;;0.0;;#watch earlier visuals from eastern peripheral expressway; prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the 135-km https://t.
;;0.7351;;he said due to the visionary leadership of prime minister narendramodi , the country was moving ahead on the path of progress and prosperity.
;;0.8176;;new delhi: the special cbi court praised former trai chairman nripendra misra , who is now the principal secretary to prime minister narendramodi , for his commitment in seeking implementation of recommendations of the telecom regulator.
;;0.6542;;the protesters also burnt the effigies of prime minister narendramodi , chief justice of india dipak misra and congress president rahul gandhi, alleging that they were doing nothing and betraying the farmers in tamil nadu.
;;0.6124;;godrej, however, congratulated prime minister narendramodi for presenting a grand vision to build a new india and nearly double economy to a $5 trillion giant over the course of his second term in office.
;;0.0;;gujarat government is aiming to inaugurate the 182-metre tall statue by prime minister narendramodi on october 31 this year  the birth anniversary of indias iron man - sardar vallabhbhai patel.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had also mentioned about the paintings at udaipur railway station in mann ki baat.
;;0.0;;amritsar: citing the issue of kailash mansarovar yatra that the government of india had taken up with the chinese government and brought it to a logical end, the sangat langah kartarpur (slk), a sikh body spearheading the drive for kartarpur sahib corridor for the past 17 years, has urged prime minister narendramodi to take up the corridor issue with the pakistan government.
;;0.1027;;bjp sources told toi that chandrasekhars name was reportedly cleared by prime minister narendramodi and the partys national president, amit shah.
;;0.0;;when asked if shah would speak to prime minister narendramodi about the issue, naik said that shah would first consult ministers and other stakeholders, and only then, as a final resort, would he speak to modi.
;;0.0;;the start of the modernization process had coincided with the hoisting of the tricolour by prime minister narendramodi at the red fort in new delhi on october 21, 2018, to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the azad hind government.
;;-0.5574;;he termed it as a glaring example of prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah destroying the institutions.
;;-0.2263;;the standoff ended when chinese troops stopped the road construction after which both countries stepped up efforts to normalise relations leading to the informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping at wuhan in april this year.
;;0.6486;;hyderabad: the analysis of domestic visits of prime minister narendramodi by city based rti activist and factly founder rakesh reddy dubbudu and his team revealed that pm had visited non-bjp ruled states like telangana, andhra, odisha and west bengal fewer number of times when compared to bjp ruled states like gujarat, maharashtra and uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;we have in detail analysed narendramodi modis domestic visits in the last four years.
;;0.4215;;earlier in the day, the union cabinet headed by prime minister narendramodi approved the budget for 2019-20.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 11, 2018prime minister narendramodi (pti)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4404;;new delhi: pm narendramodi on monday asked bjp and its allies to make use of the last full session before lok sabha polls next year, saying their focus should be on making it beneficial for the government, country and people.
;;0.0;;in the run-up to the lok sabha polls , prime minister narendramodi is slated to inaugurate the project at korwa on february 28.
;;0.1027;;gupta hailed the decision and lauded prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah for fulfilling the regions long-pending demand.
;;-0.6124;;on saturday night, gandhi said that some reports had come in from jammu and kashmir about the violence there and prime minister narendramodi must assuage concerns over the matter in a transparent manner.
;;0.0;;at 23, he became the face of the reservation stir in prime minister narendramodi modis home state.
;;0.6478;;new delhi: the head priest of one of the most revered hindu shrines, kedarnath peeth, urged prime minister narendramodi to declare the veershaiva-lingayat community a religious minority, a fact that could help congress counter bjps accusation that the siddaramaiah governments move was intended to divide the majority community.
;;0.0;;it emerged that the jagadguru of kedarnath peeth handed over a letter to pm narendramodi during his visit to kedarnath shrine in uttarakhand on october 20, 2017.
;;0.0;;on december 13, 500 iisc research scholars sent postcards with poetries and messages to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to look into their demands.
;;0.6908;;co/lvoxlqh2tk  pib india (@pib_india) 1566547487000paris: prime minister narendramodi on friday held talks with his french counterpart edouard charles philippe and discussed issues of bilateral and mutual interests to further boost the comprehensive strategic partnership.
;;0.0;;jai ram and his team of ministers will take oath at the ridge in shimla on wednesday in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah, senior leader lal krishan advani, union ministers and chief ministers of 12 states.
;;0.6486;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will meet leading economists and experts on saturday in the run up to the presentation of union budget 2019-20 on july 5 with the government looking at ways to boost growth and employment generation.
;;0.1779;;talking to reporters at kovilpatti here on wednesday, ayyakannu said that the mps could also consider staging stronger protests at prime minister narendramodi modis residence.
;;0.2732;;this story is from october 27, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the rashtriya swayamsevak sanghs minority outreach wing  muslim rashtriya manch (mrm)  has initiated a drive to project prime minister narendramodi as the communitys messiah and flay the congress.
;;0.6249;;the membership drive had started on july 6 with prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah launching it from varanasi and telangana respectively on the party ideologue syama prasad mookerjee's birth anniversary.
;;0.0;;goyal said prime minister narendramodi sanctioned the project so that most modern facilities are available even to the common man.
;;-0.6705;;download the times of india news app for latest cityhubballi: karnataka chief minister bs yediyurappa has said that a complete report on crop loss and damage caused due to flooding of river krishna would be sent to prime minister narendramodi within two days.
;;0.2023;;file photonew delhi: top government functionaries, including prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah, and other senior bjp leaders will attend international yoga day events across the country on friday.
;;0.8658;;the centre, under the guidance of prime minister narendramodi , will help usher development in the state, biren said, adding that the state should make the best of this opportunity.
;;0.6705;;at a time when prime minister narendramodi modis brainchild swachh bharat mission is gaining traction under the union ministry of urban development, the gujarat chamber of commerce and industries , (gcci), has undertaken an initiative to develop clean sanitation facilities on state and national highways in gujarat.
;;0.2732;;last year, during prime minister narendramodi 's visit to the us, trump had agreed to sell unarmed drones to india so as to enhance india's surveillance capabilities in the indian ocean.
;;0.0;;new delhi:: french president emmanuel macron will embark on a four-day visit to india from march 9 to 12 at the invitation of prime minister narendramodi , according to the ministry of external affairs (mea).
;;-0.6597;;chief minister manohar parrikar , who briefed prime minister narendramodi about the tragedy, said there would be very few casualties.
;;-0.3848;;bagalkot: prime minister narendramodi on friday tore into the congress-jd(s) government in karnataka and described its loan waiver as the most cruel joke on farmers.
;;-0.2263;;this story is from november 9, 2018m k stalindownload the times of india news app for latest cityperambalur: the alliance of regional parties will uphold the rights of the states to dethrone the fascist bjp government led by prime minister narendramodi at the centre, dmk president m k stalin said in perambalur on thursday.
;;-0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi will saturday chair the fifth meeting of the niti aayog's governing council which will focus on issues like the drought situation, farm distress, rain water harvesting and preparedness for kharif crops.
;;0.0;;motihari: prime minister narendramodi will flag off swachhagraha express from bapudham railway station during his visit to motihari on april 10 to mark the concluding ceremony of champaran satyagraha centenary celebrations by the state government.
;;-0.4215;;jolted by the double blow, the congress also accused the bjp, prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah of making attempts to topple the 13-month-old hd kumaraswamy government, a charge rejected by the saffron party.
;;-0.8074;;bishkek: prime minister narendramodi on friday hit out at unilateralism and trade protectionism, and said that there is a need for a rules-based, anti-discriminatory and all inclusive wto-centred multilateral trading system, amidst the raging trade war between the us and china.
;;0.0;;deb further said that prime minister narendramodi has given a big push to digitisation by making it accessible to citizens across the country.
;;-0.4019;;the elections for the 182-seat assembly were held on december 9 and 14, after an acrimonious campaign, which was dominated by a face-off between prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi.
;;-0.1877;;trichy: prime minister narendramodi has not responded to a request seeking his appointment for an all-party delegation from tamil nadu to urge him to set up the cauvery management board, said chief minister edappadi k palaniswami talking to reporters in the city on sunday, palaniswami said the pmo has not granted appointment for a delegation of all-party representatives and farmers even after a reminder of the request was sent.
;;0.5859;;he said a resolution was passed at an all-party meeting convened by aiadmk in february that representatives of all the political parties as well as those from farmers associations would personally meet prime minister narendramodi and urge him to constitute the cauvery management board.
;;0.0;;in new delhi, he called on prime minister narendramodi and reiterated some of the demands of the state that he had put forward as chief minister earlier.
;;0.4019;;led by district congress chief gurpreet gogi, several councillors and the party workers shouted slogans against bjp, prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;recently, when prime minister narendramodi visited nagpur, over 2000 cans of chilled water were ordered for people.
;;0.0;;it was constituted on a prod from prime minister narendramodi who had addressed senior tax officials and wants the new law to reflect modern-day reality.
;;-0.2732;;gandhi, while interacting with intellectuals in udaipur on saturday, had accused prime minister narendramodi of politicising the surgical strikes.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to launch the scheme on august 15.
;;0.0;;the hospital was officially inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi during his visit to the city on wednesday.
;;0.9545;;yours in good faith, (letter typed and signed bysunil warrieron behalf of maya, kankatta, bittu, t1, t12, t3, t16, choti tara, matkasur, chota matkasur and more than 2,600 tigers)inspired by the open letters from filmmakers, actors, historians and other two-legged indians, more than 2,600 tigers of the country decided to write to prime minister narendramodi and environment minister prakash javadekar with an impassioned plea: save forests, save tigers dear prime minister ji and environment minister ji warm greetings on global tiger day from all of us.
;;0.0;;speaking to the times of india, the raopura mla said that in 2014 he had requested prime minister narendramodi too that he should consider vadodara for an aiims.
;;-0.2732;;ahmedabad: jignesh mevani, leader of gujarats dalit movement, is an outspoken critic of prime minister narendramodi and the bjp.
;;0.2732;;whether i win or lose in the elections, i will hold the road show from kanodar village in vadgam to prime minister narendramodi modis native place, vadnagar, in mehsana district, mevani told toi.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi , in his address to the nation on august 8, urged the companies to invest in the jammu & kashmir and ladakh region to increase employment opportunities for local people there.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi 's government second term has already run aground, it said.
;;-0.3818;;at a press conference featuring its young leaders, congress launched a scathing attack on the u-turns made by pm narendramodi from his stint in the opposition to his ascension to power at the centre.
;;0.5719;;bringing the necessary amendment to rule 3 (b) of the environment (protection) rules 1986 and exempting the fireworks manufacturing industry from the provisions of the rules is the only solution to revive the industry, said another official, adding, the cm (edappadi k palaniswami) has submitted memorandum to prime minister narendramodi during his recent visit to the state.
;;-0.4939;;agartala: the narendramodi government is making two indias -- a shining one for the rich and one full of miseries for the poor , cpi-m general secretary sitaram yechury said here.
;;0.0;;on the industrial front, prime minister narendramodi announced 'make in india', 'startup india', 'digital india' and many more things.
;;0.4404;;guwahati: after prime minister narendramodi announced the centre's decision to name the dhola-sadiya bridge after bhupen hazarika, chief minister sarbananda sonowal on sunday announced his government's decision to set up a centre for showcasing art and culture of the northeast, which the legendary bard had popularized through his music, near the bridge.
;;0.34;;sonowal stated that dedication of the bridge connecting dhola with sadiaghat on may 26 by prime minister narendramodi to the nation and naming the same after bhupen hazarika was a moment of pride for the people of assam.
;;-0.296;;all those people who are against development have come together to stop prime minister narendramodi and bjp from coming to power.
;;-0.7096;;meanwhile, the activists of the students' federation of india (sfi) took out a mock funeral procession of prime minister narendramodi , chief minister sarbananda sonowal and seven bjp mps from assam, accusing them of backing the citizenship bill and going against the will of the people.
;;0.5574;;file photomumbai: former congress mp milind deora has heaped praise on prime minister narendramodi for the latter's houston event, where us president donald trump was present.
;;0.128;;co/iy1nevbyky  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1566639030000abu dhabi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday launched the rupay card here, making the uae the first country in the middle east to initiate the indian indigenous system of electronic payment.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi , during a joint statement with russian president vladimir putin in the russian port city of vladivostok on wednesday, said that russia would train indian astronauts for the countrys maiden human spaceflight mission gaganyaan, scheduled for launch by 2021.
;;0.8074;;united nations: prime minister narendramodi will address the annual un general assembly (unga) session on september 28, according to a provisional list released by the un of the world leaders scheduled to speak at the 74th session of the united nations modi is also expected to attend multiple high-level summits on the margins of the general assembly session as well as hold bilateral and multilateral engagements during his visit to new york.
;;0.5574;;questioning the silence of prime minister narendramodi , congress members ghulam nabi azad, veerappa moily and pawan khera alleged that a company associated with piyush goyal in the past was given a haircut loan waiver of 65  on the outstanding loan amount of over rs 650 crore.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had lauded the feat of these students in his weekly programme mann ki baat.
;;-0.6249;;patole had quit the lok sabha to protest against prime minister narendramodi and now the people of bhandara-gondia have defeated the bjp nominee.
;;0.0;;in the past few months, the film industry had made multiple representations to prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0;;vadodara: major roads in city will remain closed from afternoon as prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to address a public rally at navlakhi ground in the evening.
;;0.9081;;the union minister of state for home said the bjp's victory in nagaland was a historic one as people have shown tremendous love and affection for prime minister narendramodi and reposed full faith in his vision for nagaland.
;;0.1027;;varanasi: bjps up ally suheldeo bhartiya samaj party (sbsp), dominated by the rajbhars , will boycott prime minister narendramodi modis rally at ghazipur on december 29 in which he will release a postal stamp on the communitys icon maharaja suheldeo.
;;-0.9161;;file photohouston: the stage is all set for the mega  howdy modi  event in which president donald trump will join prime minister narendramodi where they will address over 50,000 indian-americans, but the torrential rains triggered by a tropical storm have wreaked havoc in houston, killing 2 persons.
;;0.0;;the orange city has been chosen due to union transport minister nitin gadkari while varanasi is prime minister narendramodi modis constituency.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in his independence day speech had said that rs 100 lakh crore would be invested on infrastructure in the next five years and would include social and economic infrastructure projects.
;;0.8316;;the centre had during prime minister narendramodi modis first term shared a model draft law with all states, requesting them to either adopt it or amend their respective apmc acts so that the farmers can get better price of their produce without any restrictions.
;;0.0;;bhubaneswar: the bjp is gearing up for prime minister narendramodi modis january 5 rally in baripada, the district headquarters town of mayurbhanj.
;;0.5927;;the polls may wait, but prime minister narendramodi must do what the present circumstances require him to do for the country's good, ramdev said.
;;0.4767;;the bjp is also trying to use prime minister narendramodi to woo young voters and fence sitters.
;;-0.7351;;this story is from december 12, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citypanaji: the state congress on tuesday said that people have punctured the artificial balloon of prime minister narendramodi and given a fitting reply to the arrogance and lies of bjp and its leaders.
;;-0.5994;;spot where the cop shot himselfkevadiya: a police sub-inspector, who was deputed in bandobast duty for prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the sardar sarovar dam, allegedly shot himself to death outside the kevadiya circuit house on tuesday.
;;-0.7845;;dharwad: an anonymous letter to the dharwad superintendent of police threatening to kill prime minister narendramodi during his visit to hubballi , kept police on extra alert on sunday.
;;0.0;;reportedly, the state government got into the act after prime minister narendramodi , on october 31, told authorities here to explore the possibilities of developing cruise, seaplane and boating facilities in the dam near the statue of unity.
;;0.0;;it was not able to even get an appointment for an all-party delegation from tamil nadu to meet prime minister narendramodi , he said.
;;0.0;;listing out the achievements of his government and of prime minister narendramodi , kataria pointed out to the differences between the bjp and the congress.
;;-0.6249;;this comes days after the aggrieved clubs wrote to prime minister narendramodi , briefing him about the crisis facing indian football.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi on november 8, 2016, announced a ban on then in use rs 1000 and rs 500 denomination bank notes with immediate effect.
;;0.0;;new delhi: legendary sachin tendulkar has written to prime minister narendramodi , requesting him to include all international medallists in central government health scheme (cghs).
;;0.0;;gurugram: the 83km kundli-manesar stretch of the kmp expressway will be inaugurated on november 10 by prime minister narendramodi through a remote control from his office in delhi.
;;0.6249;;singapore: prime minister narendramodi today met his singaporean counterpart lee hsien loong and discussed ways to enhance bilateral cooperation in areas like trade and investment, connectivity, innovation and technology.
;;0.4939;;in charge of the two mammoth election rallies that prime minister narendramodi addressed in udupi and mangaluru, singh ensured that every nitty-gritty was taken care of.
;;0.5719;;lucknow: a right wing fringe outfit has been booked in lucknow on wednesday after it erected a dozen billboards in the heart of city deriding prime minister narendramodi but promoting up chief minister yogi adityanath over a probability of making it to the top office in future.
;;-0.3182;;surat: national federation of indian railways (nfir) general secretary dr m raghavaiah on thursday termed prime minister narendramodi modis bullet train project between ahmedabad and mumbai as a failed dream.
;;0.5423;;i want to appeal to narendramodi to rather give priority to strengthening the railway infrastructure and its system.
;;0.0;;a statement from bjd on friday had clarified that prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah had spoken to the chief minister for vaishnaw.
;;-0.3182;;new delhi: dedicating the wins in the north-east to bjp-rss workers who died in political violence, prime minister narendramodi on friday took a dig at the congress , saying puducherry cm v narayanasamy would soon be the sole chief minister of the party.
;;0.9274;;prime minister narendramodi said he hoped that the festival will further the spirit of peace and happiness in the society.
;;0.7108;;biarritz/london: prime minister narendramodi speaks very good english, but he just doesn't want to talk, us president donald trump said jokingly on monday before the two friends met for formal talks on the sidelines of the g-7 summit.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi conferred with order of zayed, uae's highest civilian award.
;;0.9136;;abu dhabi: prime minister narendramodi was honoured with the 'order of zayed', the uae's highest civilian award, on saturday as a mark of appreciation for his efforts to boost bilateral ties between the two nations.
;;0.8591;;in a tweet in april, the crown prince of abu dhabi , mohamed bin zayed al nahyan, said, we have historical and comprehensive strategic ties with india, reinforced by the pivotal role of my dear friend, prime minister narendramodi , who gave these relations a big boost.
;;0.9062;;rupani said that gujarat has risen to prime minister narendramodi modis call for one india, best india beginning a new precedence of gujarat establishing inter-state cultural and social link with other states, beginning with chhattisgarh, for mutual benefit and helping one another know better.
;;0.6486;;referring to the state governments biennial flagship event vibrant gujarat summits launched by prime minister narendramodi when he was the chief minister of the state, rupani said that nearly 35-lakh people have been employed due to rs.17-lakh-crore investments during the summits.
;;0.0;;the goal was reiterated by prime minister narendramodi in march 2018.
;;0.0;;they got together and wrote letters to prime minister narendramodi modis office about the ponzi scheme.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi chairs the fifth meeting of the governing council of niti aayog.
;;0.0;;(pti photo)download the times of india news app for latest cityhyderabad: after chief minister k chandrasekhar rao decided not to participate in the meeting of governing council of niti aayog, chaired by prime minister narendramodi in delhi, none of the officers from the state attended the meeting.
;;-0.7003;;islamabad: pakistan railway minister sheikh rashid ahmed suffered an electric shock on friday while speaking against prime minister narendramodi at a rally during the kashmir hour.
;;0.6249;;singapore: us president donald trump looks forward to speaking with prime minister narendramodi about a recent increase in its already high tariffs against the united states, he said on the social network twitter on thursday.
;;0.0;;trump will hold a bilateral meeting with pm narendramodi on friday on the sidelines of the g-20 summit.
;;0.0;;the first phase of shendra node of the delhi-mumbai industrial corridor project, recently inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi , will act as a magnet for investments in the marathwada region, he said.
;;-0.5106;;traffic on the ever-busy bengaluru-mysuru road was disrupted in the morningprotesters in bengaluru damaged buses, burnt tyres and raised slogans against the bjp government on wednesdayconfusion over bandhbengaluru: thousands of congress workers and supporters across the state staged protests over former minister dk shivakumars arrest, condemning the central government, pelting stones at ksrtc and private buses and burning effigies of prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah.
;;0.0;;here's what you can expect on the magenta line:new delhi: on december 25, when prime minister narendramodi inaugurates a section of the magenta line, the day would also mark 15 years sincebegan.
;;-0.0258;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said that india and russia need to take advantage of the low production cost in india to produce military equipment under joint venture framework at cheaper rates for the third-world nations.
;;0.128;;palakkad: the officials of the agriculture department here said that they have so far received 94,483 applications from farmers of the district for pm-kisan scheme to get rs 2,000 each in their account in the first installment of the scheme launched by prime minister narendramodi at gorakpur in uttar pradesh on saturday.
;;-0.8126;;panaji: ridiculing the bjp for its failure to restart mining operations in goa, the state congress said prime minister narendramodi ignored the six-member delegation led by pwd minister ramkrishna dhavalikar as he was not concerned about goa.
;;0.0;;ranchi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday inaugurated a newly constructed building of jharkhand assembly at kute gram here.
;;-0.128;;meanwhile, a few activists of the congress students body nsui showed black flags to rajnath and protested against prime minister narendramodi modis pakora employment remark.
;;-0.8442;;new delhi: actor kaushik sen , one of the signatories to an open letter sent to prime minister narendramodi highlighting the increase in  religious identity based hate crimes, on thursday alleged he had received death threats following the letter.
;;0.0;;himalchal pradesh cm jai ram thakurshimla: prime minister narendramodi is likely to inaugurate the rising himachal global investors' meet in himachal pradesh , chief minister jai ram thakur informed the assembly tuesday.
;;-0.7964;;this story is from november 8, 2018new delhi: on the second anniversary of demonetisation , the congress on thursday alleged it was the biggest scam of independent india that must be probed and asserted that the people will punish prime minister narendramodi for his wreckless decision.
;;-0.4166;;time has come for prime minister narendramodi to take responsibility for this destruction and apologise .
;;0.5267;;(ani)wayanad: congress leader rahul gandhi on tuesday wrote to prime minister narendramodi , seeking his intervention to protect both the life and livelihood of the people in his lok sabha constituency wayanad, ravaged by floods and landslides.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , aicc president rahul gandhi, bjp national president amit shah, chief minister siddaramaiah, former chief minister b s yeddyurappa and other vvips have already landed at hubballi airport to tour north karnataka and malnad districts, besides the central region.
;;0.4588;;new delhi: germany shares india's concerns on china's 'one belt, one road' initiative strategic programme as a top down exercise, german ambassador martin ney said here on tuesday, days before the fourth round of inter-governmental consultations to be presided over by prime minister narendramodi and german chancellor angela merkel obor is very different from the ancient silk road.
;;0.4588;;akbaruddin, who laid out the focus and priorities of prime minister narendramodi when he arrives for the 74th un general assembly session, said a plethora of plurilateral and bilateral engagements and meetings next week highlight the examples of how india will soar higher.
;;0.0;;making a final push for the bjp on the last day of campaigning for the state elections on friday, prime minister narendramodi also used the extradition of christian michel, the alleged middleman in the rs 3,600 crore agustawestland chopper deal during the previous upa regime, to target the congress leadership.
;;0.743;;the chief minister appreciated prime minister narendramodi for bringing in an investment-friendly tax reform that would be of immense benefit to arunachal pradesh.
;;0.5574;;belagavi: the image of swami vivekananda is so tall now that from prime minister narendramodi to west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, no political leader in the country can escape from the shadow of the great monk, said swami suviranandaji maharaj, general secretary of belur math, kolkata, headquarter of ramakrishna mission and ramakrishna math.
;;0.6734;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday asked isro scientists not to get disheartened by the hurdles in the moon mission chandrayaan-2 and asserted that there will be a new dawn and better tomorrow.
;;0.0;;it was prime minister narendramodi , who not only took her name but also asked about her well-being at the district collectorate here through video conferencing by namo app.
;;0.5106;;while chief minister edappadi k palaniswami praised prime minister narendramodi for his bold efforts against terrorism, dmk chief m k stalin tweeted, proud of our #indianairforce pilots for their exceptional act of valor.
;;0.7506;;we extend our greetings and thanks to the iaf, centre and prime minister narendramodi for iafs befitting response to pakistan, dmdk chief vijayakant said in a statement.
;;-0.6249;;(ani)new delhi: concerned about the water crisis in rural areas, prime minister narendramodi has written a personal letter to 'gram pradhans'(village chiefs) requesting them to conserve rainwater during the forthcoming monsoon.
;;-0.3182;;the bjp is aggressively making the most of its elite arsenal: prime minister narendramodi , national chief amit shah, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and others, who have been addressing conventions across the state.
;;0.3182;;read moremanama: prime minister narendramodi has been conferred the king hamad order of the renaissance by bahrain 's king hamad bin isa bin salman al khalifa in recognition of his efforts to strengthen bilateral relations with the key gulf nation.
;;0.0;;sources said that the incident took place when the cm was on his way back after seeing off prime minister narendramodi at the airport.
;;0.0;;new delhi: cic has upheld the decision of the prime minister's office that aadhaar and voter id details of prime minister narendramodi cannot be disclosed as they have personal information.
;;0.1531;;foreign minister s jaishankarnew delhi: foreign minister s jaishankar will travel to hungary, russia, and poland from sunday for high-level bilateral engagements and prepare for prime minister narendramodi modis forthcoming visit to russia.
;;0.5267;;new delhi: the congress hit out at the government on monday over reports of capital outflow from the country, saying it is a vote of no confidence and a huge wake-up call for prime minister narendramodi and his government.
;;-0.3875;;his efforts to seek a meeting with bjp chief amit shah and also prime minister narendramodi not succeeding, kushwaha retreated to idyllic valmikinagar, at the foot of the himalayas, for a chintan shivir along with the rlsp executive on tuesday.
;;0.5106;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi poked fun at congress heir imminent rahul gandhi by saying that he was remembering bhole baba more than babasaheb (ambedkar) these days, continuing the exchange of barbs with the congress vice-president in the run-up to the gujarat election campaign on thursday.
;;-0.1786;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday urged the people to be more conscious about preventive healthcare because prevention was not only beneficial for a person but also for his or her family and the society.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi , union home minister amit shah , lok sabha speaker om birla and union health minister harsh vardhan visited him at aiims.
;;0.7506;;replying to a query on shangri-la dialogue, where prime minister narendramodi stressed india and china must work together for better future, rajan said there is benefit in new delhi having a good relationship with beijing and vice versa.
;;0.0;;city-based advocate ajay jagga has sent a letter to prime minister narendramodi stating that in september 2013, the country witnessed highest fuel prices as petrol touched rs83.
;;0.4086;;the self-styled president of the hindu personal law board, pande had sought the removal of gujarat governor after chief minister narendramodi wrote a letter to the prime minister to recall her for appointing justice r a mehta as lokayukta without his consent.
;;0.4939;;the membership campaign was launched by prime minister narendramodi in varanasi on the birth anniversary of party ideologue syama prasad mookerjee, on june 6.
;;-0.7717;;when i saw followers of prime minister narendramodi celebrating her murder, i wanted him to condemn such actions because they were wrong.
;;0.0;;while the first leg of the expressway  palwal to manesar  was opened to traffic in april 2016, the 83km-long stretch from kundli to manesar was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on november 19.
;;0.3818;;the cabinet meeting chaired by zoramthanga had adopted a resolution resolving to oppose the passage of the citizenship amendment bill and the chief minister had informed prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh that the state government and the people of mizoram were opposed to the legislation of the proposed amendment, sources said.
;;0.3182;;he added that he wished to remind prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh of their promise and had hence chosen the time before the next lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;shillong: prime minister narendramodi blew the bjps election bugle at the rally for change here on saturday, asserting that the partys only agenda is development in meghalaya and other northeastern states.
;;0.6597;;this even though the party has long insisted on its one-family-one-ticket rule and prime minister narendramodi and haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar have both targeted the congress, inld and other parties for dynastic politics.
;;0.2023;;co/jripujd0fc  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1561589989000osaka: prime minister narendramodi on thursday arrived here in japan for the g20 summit during which he will attend important plurilateral meetings and meet with the world leaders including us president donald trump.
;;0.0;;ahmedabad: three-day long silver jubilee celebrations of shree kutchi leuva patel samaj in nairobi , kenya, began on friday with opening speech by prime minister narendramodi through video conferencing.
;;0.7184;;recognizing this, prime minister narendramodi has set an audacious target to build 100 gigawatts (gw) of solar capacity to power india's growing economy, expand energy access, and limit india's contribution to climate change.
;;0.4939;;rabris statement came a day after mulayam praised prime minister narendramodi in the lok sabha and wished to see him as pm again.
;;-0.4019;;coming down on prime minister narendramodi , she said, his concern towards muslim women is a farce.
;;0.3612;;(photo courtesy: ani)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday introduced his new council of ministers to the lok sabha it is a customary practice for the prime minister to introduce the council of ministers after the new government takes over or if there is a reshuffle or expansion of the union cabinet.
;;0.0;;athawale said that although he intends to be part of the nda led by prime minister narendramodi , he would decide on the future course of action on february 25.
;;0.296;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will share his thoughts with the people in india and abroad through ' mann ki baat ' today at 11am.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on monday released the all india tiger estimation report 2018 and said the country had emerged as of one of the biggest and safest habitats for tigers in the world.
;;0.0;;last month, ravi had said prime minister narendramodi has expressed the need to conclude the talks in three months.
;;0.25;;sharma said, it is the dream of prime minister narendramodi to achieve swachch bharat.
;;-0.0772;;the prime minister said narendramodi will firmly stand with the poor, drawing thunderous applause from the crowd.
;;0.0;;this story is from october 22, 2018statue of unity will be the worlds tallest statuedownload the times of india news app for latest cityrajpipla: if things go as planned, tourists could also take a flight to visit worlds tallest statue - the statue of unity - at kevadiya colony, which will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on october 31.
;;0.4215;;washington: us president donald trump on monday stepped into the india-pakistan diplomatic minefield, offering to mediate in the kashmir issue between the two sides and claiming that prime minister narendramodi has also asked him to help in the matter.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump may hold their third meeting of the year in new york on the margins of the un general assembly session later this month.
;;-0.1531;;external affairs minister s jaishankar, who is here for talks with the chinese leadership to prepare for the second informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping later this year in india, mentioned the trade deficit issue during talks as well as during a bilateral event.
;;-0.7481;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi today lamented that many people mocked bhimrao ambedkar and made efforts to ensure that the son of a backward family does not progress but noted that today's 'new india' is altogether different as it belongs to the poor and the backward.
;;-0.6705;;the response by bhatt, who has accused chief minister narendramodi of complicity in 2002 post-godhra riots, came after sessions judge g n patel made the proposal during hearing on the state government's revision application for his remand.
;;0.0;;earlier, on march 26 this year, prime minister narendramodi had appealed to all the citizens through his mann ki baat programme, to not use petrol or diesel-run vehicles one day in a week.
;;0.128;;launched in may 2016 by prime minister narendramodi , pmuy has provided six crore lpg connections, of which 34 lakh are from maharashtra.
;;0.6428;;gujarat bjp is keen to welcome back shankersinh vaghela , after obvious nod from prime minister narendramodi , but the party is in a dilemma over how to accommodate him.
;;0.5574;;he played a vital role in bringing bjp to power in gujarat in 1995, along with narendramodi who was then an rss envoy to the state bjp.
;;0.5574;;he played a vital role in bringing bjp to power in gujarat in 1995, along with narendramodi who was then an rss envoy to the state bjp.
;;0.3182;;the sad president also announced that he would request prime minister narendramodi to give a special package to the border areas in punjab as the border areas were still undeveloped and special package would result in the advent of industry and consequent jobs in the area.
;;0.0;;chennai: tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on sunday submitted a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi urging the centre to confer bharat ratna on late chief ministers c n annadurai and jayalalithaa and rename the chennai central railway station after aiadmk founder and former cm m g ramachandran in commemoration of his birth centenary.
;;-0.4767;;on the occasion, the congress leader said that fake degree issue had started with prime minster narendramodi , union minister smriti irani, abvp chief of delhi university ankiv baisoya and now rao narbir singh was also involved in this.
;;0.0;;the celebration have been coincided with the birthday of prime minister narendramodi who is likely to visit the statue of unity on september 17.
;;-0.4588;;new delhi: delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal today wrote to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention in ensuring sufficient water supply from haryana as the national capital stares at a possible water crisis next week.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi arrived at the palam airport here, early wednesday morning, after attending the plenary session of the 48th world economic forum ( wef ) in davos chairman of wef, klaus schwab hosted the session, where prime minister modi showcased 'new india' to the global chief executives.
;;0.3818;;new delhi: in the first ' pragati ' review meeting of his second term in office, prime minister narendramodi reiterated on wednesday his government's commitment for the  housing for all by 2022  mission and urged bureaucrats to remove hurdles to achieve the objective.
;;0.4497;;bajpai said he had answered through his lawyers, while sehrawat said he hadn't joined bjp but supported its ideology and prime minister narendramodi 's leadership.
;;0.872;;chennai: chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on thursday wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi on tamil nadu sugar industry and mills, seeking exemption and relief from the purview of certain measures approved by the union cabinet to improve liquidity of sugar mills.
;;0.8658;;there has been multifaceted growth of the party under prime minister narendramodi , and the party has emerged as the biggest political party with the largest organizational base in the world, he said.
;;-0.296;;for prime minister narendramodi , who has so far used the air india chartered flights for 55 days during his 13 foreign visits, no bills for as many as eight visits have been received by the government, bills for four visits are under process and the bill for only one visit has been computed.
;;0.743;;after winning the up and delhi municipal elections handsomely, narendramodi has the political capital to bite the bullet.
;;0.0;;in six days time, prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to throw open the kalkaji mandir-botanical garden stretch of the magenta line on which this train operates.
;;-0.0772;;deb's comments came days after prime minister narendramodi cautioned the bjp leaders to steer clear of controversies and not offer masala to the media by making irresponsible statements.
;;-0.25;;fake videos circulating on youtube 02:42new delhi: some videos on youtube claim french president emmanuel macron greeted prime minister narendramodi by touching his feet last june in paris.
;;0.0;;he said the party's performance was a victory of prime minister narendramodi 's policies.
;;0.3818;;bharuch: speaking in amod on december 3, prime minister narendramodi hailed bharuch and kutch as the fastest growing districts  both have large muslim populations (more than 20 ).
;;-0.2263;;after the communal riots in 2002 after the torching of the sabarmati express at godhra railway station, gill was appointed security advisor to the then gujarat chief minister narendramodi .
;;0.34;;manama: prime minister narendramodi on saturday said the rupay card will soon be launched in bahrain after india and the gulf nation signed a mou to allow the indian expatriates hassle-free money transfer at cheaper costs.
;;-0.4767;;amaravati: andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu on sunday questioned the rationale behind prime minister narendramodi modis proposed visit to the state on january 6 and asked if he was visiting to see if the people of ap were alive or dead?
;;0.0;;he said narendramodi should clarify whether ap was part of india or not.
;;-0.6124;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday hit out at upa, accusing it of corruption and misgovernance, and said that his government had moved away from the a,b,c mentality  a for avoiding, b for burying and c for confusing.
;;0.0;;the kalkaji mandir-botanical garden stretch of magenta line will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on december 25 and the new section will be opened for public from 5pm that day.
;;0.8442;;prime minister narendramodi had made it clear that the armed forces had been given a free hand to take action at any place or time they felt appropriate.
;;-0.891;;last month, prime minister narendramodi said that a lynching incident in jharkhand has pained him and the guilty must be severely punished.
;;0.0;;parrikar had met prime minister narendramodi and later attended the ministerial panel meeting in delhi.
;;0.6249;;london: prime minister narendramodi 's visit to the uk for the commonwealth heads of government meeting ( chogm ) this week will mark india's enhanced engagement with the multilateral organisation, including increased financial and other contributions.
;;0.34;;karur: prime minister narendramodi is scared that the dmk congress alliance has emerged as a strong front in tamil nadu, even as the bjp experienced a setback in its strongholds, dmk president m k stalin said on thursday.
;;0.0;;we witnessed this trend more recently in the gujarat polls where once the prime minister narendramodi entered the fray, the issues of local residents were put on the backburner, he said.
;;0.0;;the first regional flights were flagged off by prime minister narendramodi on april 27, 2017.
;;0.0;;hyderabad: in view of prime minister narendramodi modis public meeting, the city traffic police has notified traffic restrictions on monday between 2pm and 10pm in and around lb stadium.
;;0.4939;;amarkantak (mp): pm narendramodi praised madhya pradesh on monday for turning the conservation of its lifeline, the narmada , into a mass movement, and urged other states to follow its example in their own river-cleaning campaigns.
;;0.8396;;prime minister narendramodi , who has more than 42 million likes on his page, is the most popular lok sabha member and the most popular cabinet minister.
;;0.7351;;prabhus message in the letter reads: under the visionary leadership of prime minister narendramodi , the country has made tremendous progress in all areas of economic development.
;;0.0;;the plan is to open the corridor on november 8 and prime minister narendramodi is likely to attend the event.
;;0.4588;;this story is from november 1, 2018aerial view of statue of unity in kevadiya colony of narmada district, on wednesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citykevadiya (narmada district): kevadiya, the tiny tribal hamlet nestled amid satpura and vindhya ranges, got etched in history as prime minister narendramodi dedicated to the nation statue of unity, the worlds tallest statute, builty as a towering tribute to indias iron man sardar vallabhbhai patel, here on wednesday.
;;-0.25;;congress himachal affairs incharge rajni patil said that party would be in attacking mode for the failure of prime minister narendramodi to promises made during 2014 parliamentary elections.
;;0.1027;;the tweet was widely seen as a sneer at the yoga day celebrations conceived and promoted by prime minister narendramodi , and raised many eyebrows, besides drawing fire from bjp.
;;0.0;;jaishankar arrived here on tuesday on a two-day visit to russia during which he will hold talks with his russian counterpart sergey lavrov and finalise the preparations for prime minister narendramodi 's forthcoming visit to the country.
;;0.765;;in his address to maldivian parliament in june, prime minister narendramodi underscored india's firm commitment to make the strategic indo-pacific an area for shared economic growth, saying it has been our lifeline, and also the highway for trade and prosperity.
;;-0.3875;;prime minister narendramodi did not even care to ring kerala cm though he spoke with tamil nadu cm over the phone to inquire about the situation.
;;0.0;;#watch: #visuals of sea plane prime minister narendramodi will be travelling in, from sabarmati river in ahmedabad https://t.
;;-0.296;;co/ilsjmwhfpk  ani (@ani) 1513051603000new delhi: after being refused permission for a poll campaign road show in ahmedabad city, prime minister narendramodi will sail into mehsana district via seaplane today from the sabarmati river in the city.
;;-0.5849;;the bengal chief minister has been highly critical of prime minister narendramodi 's government and has on several occasions accused it of snatching the autonomy of constitutional institutions and muzzling dissent.
;;0.8555;;the disbursal will help the government argue that it is committed to the scheme and underline prime minister narendramodi modis promise at the launch of pm-kisan at gorakhpur that this was the beginning and the benefits for the farming communities will be improved.
;;0.7506;;panaji: prime minister narendramodi modis assurance of resuming mining by arriving at a judicial solution has come 11 months too late, the congress party said, adding that the bjp is trying to mislead mining dependants.
;;0.0;;tumakuru: a day after bjp swept the polls in tripura and bettered its performance in nagaland , prime minister narendramodi on sunday claimed that the partys performance in north-east has integrated the country while lauding the power of youth.
;;0.2732;;shah also told the gathering that prime minister narendramodi had increased goas allocation under the 14th finance commission by rs 10,000 crore from what was allocated to the state under the previous government.
;;0.2732;;left-wing extremism is against the idea of democracy and under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi we are committed to uproot it, shah tweeted after the meeting.
;;0.0;;new delhi, apr 27 () senior congress leader p chidambaram today slammed the narendramodi government for reportedly approving the diversion of 77 hectares of forest land for the mumbai-ahmedabad bullet train project and said 99 per cent of india's population would not travel in the elitist train.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi has reportedly given in-principle approval for the diversion of 77 hectares of forest land for the rs 1.
;;0.4215;;union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday approved the ministry of railways initiative to set up the first ever national rail and transport university (nrtu) in vadodara to skill its human resources and build capacity.
;;0.0;;indian policy makers led by prime minister narendramodi , railway and coal minister piyush goyal, commerce minister suresh prabhu and law minister ravi shankar prasad are scheduled to speak at the event and offer insights on future policy direction.
;;0.0;;the chief minister's office said the government had officially invited prime minister narendramodi in april itself.
;;0.1027;;the bill which was cleared by the union cabinet chaired by the prime minister narendramodi on march 7, received the presidents accord on may 3.
;;0.4019;;the conference, which is annually held at rashtrapati bhavan, delhi, was shifted to chandigarh after prime minister narendramodi had expressed desire to hold the event here.
;;0.0;;president ram nath kovind , vice-president venkaiah naidu , prime minister narendramodi , minister of home affairs rajnath singh and other ministers were also to take part in the two-day event.
;;0.6256;;the party also asked fadnavis not to be scared of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah to declare this, adding that having shivajis statue taller than that of sardar patel wont diminish the iron mans prestige.
;;0.4939;;jaipur: former jaipur mla and city congress president pratap singh khachariyawas on monday launched an attack against prime minister narendramodi modis ambitious smart city project in the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had invited president trump for a bilateral visit to india during their talks in washington last year.
;;0.4019;;b'hyderabad: apart from prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah , the saffron party will be roping in uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath to campaign in telangana in the run up to the 2019 elections.
;;-0.7506;;pimpri chinchwad: shiv senas shirur mp shivajirao adhalrao patil on monday said a complaint against the alleged irregularities in implementing the waste to energy project of the pimpri chinchwad municipal corporation would be sent to prime minister narendramodi , vigilance committee of the union government and chief minister devendra fadnavis addressing a news conference here on monday patil alleged that the waste to energy project was a waste to money project.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: on the occasion of international yoga day, union minister smriti irani on wednesday vowed to practice yoga every day and lauded prime minister narendramodi for his idea of celebrating it every year.
;;0.1531;;ahmedabad/bhabhar: a day ahead of polls, prime minister narendramodi turned emotional and combative.
;;-0.2263;;ahmedabad: prime minister narendramodi while speaking at a public meeting in kalol asked the congress and its senior leaders to clarify whether they are advocating for ram temple or babri masjid for the last two days, a top congress leader and an illustrious lawyer who fights anyones case has been speaking (on ram temple case).
;;0.5267;;kolkata: prime minister narendramodi modis recent visit to wuhan has not only ironed out all creases in the india-china relationship, but has also opened the floodgates of opportunities for bengal.
;;0.0;;varanasi: kakrahia is the third village of the district after jayapur and nageypur, which has been adopted by prime minister narendramodi under saansad adarsh gram yojana (sagy) for developing it as a model village in 2017-18.
;;0.3182;;this story is from november 12, 2018hotspotssharmishtha lakevadnagar railway stationtarangagunjadownload the times of india news app for latest cityahmedabad: prime minister narendramodi modis home town in north gujarat is undergoing a fresh round of excavations for the season 2018-19 as excavation branch v of the archaeological survey of india (asi) has expanded its scope of operations.
;;0.6249;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will interact with leading economists and experts on saturday to deliberate on economic policy roadmap for promoting growth and employment generation.
;;0.34;;ktr, who in june 2018 met prime minister narendramodi , had raised the issue of itir and requested him to revive the project.
;;0.8555;;gandhidham: if india wants to cement its position in world trade and make maximum gains from the current global economic situation , it is a must that it has efficient ports that have best infrastructure, prime minister narendramodi said here on monday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressed a rally in kannauj on saturday and to counter him, akhilesh addressed a series of meetings and heralded road shows.
;;0.0;;co/pkg30itcjf  piyush goyal (@piyushgoyal) 1567693608000vladivostok: prime minister narendramodi on thursday declined a sprawling sofa kept specially for him at a photo session here and instead chose to sit on a chair along with others.
;;-0.0516;;'mann ki baat' radio broadcast +programme launched on october 2, 2014 +new delhi: answering the critics of his, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said he had not thought it would be viewed politically when he launched the programme more than two years back.
;;0.0;;this is in line with prime minister narendramodi modis call to eliminate single-use plastics by 2022.
;;-0.8633;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday reaffirmed his governments commitment to the triple talaq bill, which seeks to punish those who choose to practice instant oral divorce despite the supreme court outlawing the practice, as he launched a blistering attack on congress for failing the minority community.
;;0.0;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi on thursday, chief minister naveen patnaik said the centre's idea may not be realistic in view of the fragile banking network and telecommunication system.
;;0.0;;we will write to prime minister narendramodi and punjab chief minister amarinder singh, so that the issue could be taken up at a diplomatic level with pakistan, said behal.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , who addressed public meetings at nizamabad and mahbubnagar last week, will address a public meeting at lb stadium here on december 3.
;;0.0;;(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday reiterated his call for a new mass movement against single-use plastic from october 2, the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi in his monthly radio address 'mann ki baat', he said when the country observes the 150 birth anniversary of the father of the nation, we will launch a new mass movement against use of plastic.
;;0.128;;lucknow: in what could be a game changer before the lok sabha polls, prime minister narendramodi will transfer rs 25,000 crore into the bank accounts of nearly 12 crore farmers across the country in one click under the pm kisan samman nidhi scheme , to be launched at the national farmers convention in gorakhpur on sunday.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi and saudi arabia crown prince mohammed bin salman witness the exchange of m https://t.
;;0.7717;;allahabad: wife of former mp atiq ahmed, shaista parveen, on sunday alleged that parties like samajwadi party bahujan samaj party and congress had given prime minister narendramodi a walkover by fielding weak candidates in varanasi, the latters parliamentary constituency.
;;0.9136;;if parties like sp, bsp and congress honestly wanted to challenge pm narendramodi , then why are they fielding candidates with slim chances of winning?
;;0.0;;chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh with prime minister narendramodi at a rally in jangla.
;;0.9382;;but we bet that nothing made prime minister narendramodi happier than the sight of his favourite dishes arranged neatly in shiny copper thali, and served to him lovingly by his mother.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: rajiv kumar , currently serving as financial services secretary , was on tuesday designated as the new finance secretary the appointments committee of the cabinet (acc) headed by prime minister narendramodi approved the designation of kumar as the new finance secretary, according to an official order.
;;0.7506;;reacting to the overture, state bjp president k laxman sunday said not only reddy, whoever wanted to strengthen the bjp and the hands of prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah would be welcomed.
;;-0.296;;close on the heels of prime minister narendramodi giving a clarion call to ban single-use plastic, 8,500 students across the district have collected polyethylene terephthalate (pet) bottles over the last two weeks to build a plastic house.
;;-0.1451;;the government has vehemently denied the allegations with prime minister narendramodi saying on several occasions that he did not endorse any violence in the name of religion.
;;0.0;;with prime minister narendramodi completing four years in office today, his government received a massive thumbs up in the poll overall, with almost two-third (71.
;;0.0;;9 ) of respondents saying they will vote for narendramodi as pm candidate if general elections were held today.
;;0.0;;new delhi: former union minister p chidambaram saturday hit back at prime minister narendramodi for targeting the congress, reminding him of the party's legacy by listing out the names of its presidents from outside the nehru-gandhi family.
;;0.0;;pandeys remarks came two days after prime minister narendramodi unveiled an 182-mt-tall statue of sardar vallabhbhai patel in gujarat.
;;0.8402;;joining the party in the presence of sports and youth affairs minister kiren rijiju , party's general secretary in charge of haryana anil jain and its state chief subhash barala, phogats heaped praise on prime minister narendramodi , lauding him for abrogating jammu and kashmir's special status under article 370.
;;0.0;;salute to prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah.
;;0.0;;the 24-year-old indian made short work of japans nozomi okuhara in the final to claim her first gold in five appearances  she also has two silver and two bronze medals  and shes been busy calling on prime minister narendramodi and sports minister kiren rijiju on arrival in delhi early on tuesday morning.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is also scheduled to speak ahead of imran khan on the same day.
;;0.0;;new delhi: pramod kumar mishra has been appointed the new principal secretary to prime minister narendramodi , an official statement said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;the ministers statements are in line with prime minister narendramodi modis make in india initiative.
;;0.0;;beijing: external affairs minister s jaishankar will make his first visit to china in the second week of august to finalise the preparations for president xi jinping 's visit to india later this year for the second informal summit with prime minister narendramodi while officials are tight lipped about the schedule of his visit, an invitation being circulated to the media here by the china public diplomacy association said jaishankar along with his chinese counterpart wang yi would hold the 2nd india-china people-to-people exchange mechanism.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 7, 2019prime minister narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.3612;;patna: pm narendramodi is likely to inaugurate three newly built fuel stations on march 3 for the supply of compressed natural gas (cng) in the state capital.
;;0.0;;about 4  of cooking gas users have responded to prime minister narendramodi modis appeal to give up the lpg subsidy, but this proportion varies widely between states.
;;0.0;;located in the colonial-era barracks, the museums were inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on january 23.
;;0.886;;prime minister narendramodi at butterfly garden in kevadia on tuesday (pti)kevadiya, narmada district : prime minister narendramodi on tuesday exuded confidence that the decision to defang article 370 that gave special status to jammu & kashmir would usher in a new era of trust and development in the valley as well as ladakh, which, he said have faced discrimination for the past 70 years.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: rajya sabha deputy chairman harivansh on tuesday underscored the importance of people-to-people contact between india and china, adding that it was an important consensus reached by prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping during their informal summit in wuhan last year.
;;0.0;;talking to reporters on the occasion of hill leaders' day and meeyamgi numit at his office secretariat complex, biren said he will also seek a confirmation from prime minister narendramodi on if he could visit the state for the anniversary.
;;-0.296;;the bangladeshi pms first stop after arriving in kolkata will be bolpur, where she  along with prime minister narendramodi and chief minister mamata banerjee  will attend the varsitys convocation ceremony and then inaugurate bangladesh bhavan.
;;-0.2732;;stating that injustice has been done to his state by bjp and the nda government led by prime minister narendramodi , naidu said: many promises were made by the pm during the election campaign.
;;0.9246;;with both the ysr congress party (ysrcp) and telugu desam party (tdp) trying to table a no-confidence motion against the narendramodi government on friday and seeking to mobilise support in favour of the motion from other political parties from across the country, the ruling telangana rashtra samithi (trs) has decided to adopt a wait and watch policy on the developments.
;;0.6652;;naidu said: the ysr congress partys no-confidence (in the modi government) is only for public consumption, but deep inside it has confidence in pm narendramodi .
;;-0.296;;he said the bjp-led state government was going against prime minister narendramodi modis directive to stop oral tests for group c and group d posts.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi appears to be in fine political fettle at the end of three years in office.
;;0.0;;patna: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday advised two budding bihar entrepreneurs to launch bike ambulance service in the state.
;;0.0;;new delhi: delhi police has registered a case against unidentified people for pasting posters having images of prime minister narendramodi with the tagline the lie lama.
;;-0.8074;;thiruvananthapuram: the mysterious hindutva agenda in the mind of prime minister narendramodi has been exposed by his continuous assault on kerala , alleged cpm state secretary kodiyeri balakrishnan modi and sangh parivar want to destroy secular kerala which is ruled by the ldf.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi wished the people a happy karthik purnima.
;;-0.5106;;new delhi: with the tailwind of victory over bjp in the hindi heartland, congress president rahul gandhi resumed his campaign-style attack on prime minister narendramodi by saying that there was a popular perception of his being corrupt, adding that the opposition would defeat bjp in 2019 elections.
;;0.0;;a series of high-profile visits on both sides, most recently that of prime minister narendramodi 's visit for the commonwealth heads of government meeting (chogm) in london and windsor in april this year, and the uk-india year of culture in 2017 are among the highlights of sinha's uk posting.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi had laid the foundation stone for the project in august 2016, raising hopes for more than 50 lakh people in the five districts for a direct rail connectivity to the city.
;;0.0;;singapore: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday met his singaporean counterpart lee hsien loong and the two leaders discussed a range of issues, including cooperation in financial technology and regional economic integration.
;;0.0;;modi met lee on the sidelines of east asia summit pm narendramodi met with prime minister of singapore lee hsien loong on the sidelines of east asia summit.
;;0.6728;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday said almost every conversation he has with a world leader starts with yoga and there is scarcely any dignitary who has not spent five-10 minutes discussing the wellness regime with him.
;;-0.7351;;prime minister narendramodi speaks against corruption but did not answer questions on several scams in the country, the congress chief said.
;;0.6908;;new delhi: seeking to halt the bjp 's juggernaut led by prime minister narendramodi , the congress is set to roll out a road map for reversing its downward electoral journey and restoring its past glory ahead of the 2019 general election.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi deserves a lot of appreciation as he was the first to talk about make in india.
;;0.8126;;whoever is the party candidate, work for him or her in the interest of the nation and prime minister narendramodi , he was quoted as telling a party workers' convention in mudhol town of bagalkot district.
;;0.1154;;addressing a women's convention in nippani town of belagavi district later in the evening, shah said aicc president rahul gandhi was asking for an account of the four years of the narendramodi government, but people of karnataka want an account of what the nehru-gandhi family has given the country.
;;0.5267;;new delhi: in a kind gesture, prime minister narendramodi gifted a gold-coloured garland to a student after he requested the former for the same on the social media.
;;0.3182;;bishkek: prime minister narendramodi and his pakistani counterpart imran khan exchanged pleasantries on friday during the sco summit in bishkek , official sources said.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 14, 2018new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said that financial inclusion has become a reality for 1.
;;-0.5423;;laxman charged chief minister k chandrasekhar rao of standing on prestige rather than simply acknowledging and regretting that he had referred to prime minister narendramodi in his speech.
;;0.0;;speaking in the house during the just-concluded session, birla had urged prime minister narendramodi to include the expansion and modernisation of parliament building in his resolution for ' new india ', on the completion of the 75th year of india's independence.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi took it up a notch on tuesday by calling siddaramaiahs government a seeda rupaiyya (money first) one.
;;0.0;;panaji: union minister for road transport nitin gadkari is likely to inaugurate the third mandovi bridge instead of prime minister narendramodi .
;;-0.4019;;bengaluru: former chief minister siddaramaiah on monday followed chief minister hd kumaraswamy in taking a swipe at prime minister narendramodi , calling him anti-farmer for criticising the state governments farm loan waiver scheme.
;;-0.8934;;karat said that though the national outrage had forced prime minister narendramodi to break his silence, it was too little, too late and had only insulted the memory of the child and the family of the victim.
;;0.2023;;several leaders including prime minister narendramodi , union home minister amit shah and other top bjp and congress leaders had continued to visit jaitley who was kept on life-support.
;;0.0;;the idea of holding national youth parliament was mooted by prime minister narendramodi last year to ascertain the viewpoint of youths in the age group of 18 to 25 years on various socio-political issues.
;;0.4939;;family of the youth at the district administration office in jindjind: a native of jind district , stranded in indonesia , has urged prime minister narendramodi and union home and external affairs ministries on social media to save him.
;;0.5423;;the reserves field director and chief conservator of forests, v naganathan, received the award from prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on monday.
;;0.6908;;prasad had made the statement during a press conference after tharoor quoted an unnamed rss source as saying that prime minister narendramodi was like a scorpion sitting on a shiva linga who cannot be removed by hand or hit with a chappal (slipper) either.
;;0.2023;;amritsar: the credit war over the kartarpur corridor will continue next year too as prime minister narendramodi will address a public meeting in gurdaspur along with shiromani akali dal leaders to woo sikh voters in the run up to the lok sabha elections.
;;0.6369;;this is a step towards strengthening the dream of prime minister narendramodi , who has pledged to eradicate tb by 2020-25.
;;-0.2732;;chennai: as protests continue to roil tamil nadu on various issues like the inter-state cauvery water dispute, the neutrino project in theni district and sterlite factory in tuticorin, governor banwarilal purohit on tuesday called on prime minister narendramodi at the latters office in parliament house to brief him about the law and order situation.
;;0.2732;;this comes after, pakistan media, citing diplomatic sources, reported that prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister s jaishankar had, in reply to congratulatory messages, expressed willingness to hold talks with the neighbouring country.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the union cabinet headed by prime minister narendramodi met on monday, amidst speculation that the government may take some decisions on jammu and kashmir.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi modis special emphasis is the development of j&k, he said adding that several steps are being taken in this regard.
;;0.25;;uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath (file photo)ambedkarnagar (up): uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath on saturday exhorted citizens to contribute towards realising prime minister narendramodi 's dream of a 'new india' and 'shreshtha bharat' (superior india).
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is believed to have discussed with his british counterpart theresa may the extradition of fugitive vijay mallya during their bilateral meeting on wednesday.
;;0.3182;;he said prime minister narendramodi tried to enlist the help of developed nations in terms of technology and funds to curb pollution, but countries like the us refused.
;;0.0;;they added prime minister narendramodi had taken up the issue of combating corruption and black money at multiple g-20 meets, starting with the brisbane meeting in 2014.
;;-0.6908;;in a tweet, prime minister narendramodi said: saddened by the loss of lives due to storms in some parts of the country.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, fadnavis on friday briefed prime minister narendramodi on the flood situation in the state.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar/bhopal: after prime minister narendramodi 's visit to madhya pradesh , the mp government has issued a 627-page gazette notification, publishing a list of more than 18,000 people to be evicted from the submergence area in the narmada valley before july 31, to enable the closing of the sardar sarovar dam gates.
;;0.7478;;with the submergence of fertile land and forests , the state will not gain anything, said a senior mp bureaucrat involved in the rehabilitation of pafs for two decades, but the issue is of immense importance for gujarat where elections are due later this year and pm narendramodi is taking personal interest in the completion of the project, he said.
;;0.3182;;co/1szu08vtba  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1566678878000manama (bahrain): prime minister narendramodi on saturday met the crown prince of bahrain, salman bin hamad bin isa al khalifa, and discussed ways to strengthen the ties between india and bahrain, with a focus on business relations and cultural exchange.
;;-0.2263;;both wrote to prime minister narendramodi on monday, demanding shashank's ouster.
;;0.2732;;blackman, the north london mp who has been a long-time supporter of prime minister narendramodi , had issued his letter as part of a tit-for-tat letter spat triggered in the uk in the days after the revocation of article 370.
;;0.0;;mumbai: maharashtra ranked eighth in responding to prime minister narendramodi modis appeal to give up lpg subsidy.
;;0.3612;;following the wuhan summit with chinese president xi jinping , prime minister narendramodi is now getting ready for yet another one - with vladimir putin in the seaside resort of sochi on monday next week.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi is closely monitoring the situation and has directed cabinet secretary p k sinha to convene a meeting of the national crisis management committee (ncmc) to take stock of the situation with the state governments and the central ministries and agencies concerned to ensure necessary preparations to deal with the situation.
;;0.5423;;the union cabinet under the chairmanship of prime minister narendramodi has earlier this week cleared the decks for approval of the jammu and kashmir reservation (amendment) bill, 2019, which will now be introduced in parliament in the forthcoming session.
;;-0.0516;;the chief minister, who will leave for the national capital tonight, would meet prime minister narendramodi and a host of union ministers during his visit.
;;0.2732;;tomorrow morning at 10 am, meeting has been fixed with prime minister narendramodi , and on certain developmental works relating to the state i will be meeting several ministers, including the railway minister among others, yediyurappa said.
;;-0.6705;;singh lauded prime minister narendramodi modis decision to enact a law to award capital punishment to those convicted of raping girls aged 12 and below.
;;0.0;;radhakrishnan had said that narendramodi is the first pm to have proclaimed tamil as one of the oldest languages and older than sanskrit.
;;0.34;;now 104 laws passed by parliament would be applicable to j&k, he said hailing the will power and tactics of prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah , respectively, for the decision.
;;0.0;;the bjp leader said he told the chinese envoy that prime minister narendramodi had changed the narrative of politics in the country.
;;0.1779;;new delhi: stepping up his attack on the modi government over the rafale deal issue, congress president rahul gandhi on saturday urged all indians to ask prime minister narendramodi and his ministers the questions he posed in parliament on the fighter jet agreement with france.
;;0.0;;the congress has alleged irregularities in the deal for 36 aircraft and claimed that the narendramodi government is buying them at a price much higher than the one that was being negotiated by the previous government.
;;-0.4215;;in february this year, prime minister narendramodi had announced to set up aiims at manethi in rewari district at a programme held in kurukshetra and the provision of budget of rs 1,300 crore for aiims in manethi has also been made in the interim budget presented in lok sabha but the forest department has refused to allot the marked space for aiims.
;;0.0;;the meeting will be attended by around a dozen heads of african countries and prime minister narendramodi the governors of the bank, who are from the 54 regional member countries and 26 non-regional member countries will also participate in the event.
;;0.0;;the line was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi , who boarded the metro from the botanical garden station and travelled till the next station, okhla bird sanctuary station, the only two stations on the stretch that are in noida.
;;0.6249;;new delhi: andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu met prime minister narendramodi on friday amid a perceived strain in ties with the centre and sought help for fulfilling promises made during the bifurcation of the state.
;;0.34;;the governor also reminded the people that prime minister narendramodi , at the recently concluded south east asian summit, has spoken about the ancient relation that india shared with japan.
;;0.2263;;the chief minister said his government is working to translate the visions of prime minister narendramodi into reality.
;;-0.5095;;in his tweet, prime minister narendramodi said, the incident is extremely tragic.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had recently even inaugurated patanjali research institute (pri) established with outlay of over rs 250 crore for r&d in field of ayurved, he added.
;;0.3182;;he added even prime minister narendramodi was in favour of stopping unnecessary water being given to pakistan from the indian rivers and utilize the same for various states needs.
;;0.0;;malik was addressing media at chandigarh on saturday ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to gurdaspur on january 3 to address a rally.
;;-0.7184;;india's permanent representative to the un syed akbaruddin (file photo)new delhi: while india has said that terrorism is going to be just one of the several issues on prime minister narendramodi 's agenda at the un general assembly, the government is likely to come back hard at pakistan on the same issue if the latter indeed raises kashmir-related developments there.
;;0.6486;;co/d7rtpddngm  bear grylls (@beargrylls) 1564378737000wales: prime minister narendramodi , in the middle of a crisis, was an example of calm and cheerfulness, said the host of 'man vs wild' and adventure junkie bear grylls ahead of the premiere of his special episode with the prime minister.
;;0.8402;;naddas brief from prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah was clear  bjps campaign has to focus on the excellent delivery of government schemes on the ground in up.
;;0.296;;qingdao: prime minister narendramodi today held a productive meeting with kazakhstan president nursultan nazarbayev and invited his country to join the international solar alliance.
;;0.6808;;pm narendramodi invited kazakhstan to join the international solar alliance and the president of kazakhstan responded positively, said ruchi ghanashyam, secretary (west) in the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;the isha foundation had submitted its draft recommendation to prime minister narendramodi after conclusion of the rally for rivers in october.
;;0.4215;;the rss started holding such events in 2015 to reach out to the muslim community, apparently, after prime minister narendramodi modis decision not to host such parties at prime ministers residence.
;;0.0;;after sarai kale khan-up gate stretch of dme, which was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi last year, its second stretch that has been opened.
;;-0.296;;they accused prime minister narendramodi of trying to divide the country on religious lines and also not working for the welfare of sc/sts.
;;-0.25;;according to information accessed from the registrar of companies (roc), in the year after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation , at least 11,286 companies have been struck off, the fifth most in the country after delhi and maharashtra, andhra pradesh-telangana and tamil nadu.
;;0.7964;;co/zp7gwlteoi  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1561706382000osaka: prime minister narendramodi on friday presented his 5-i vision to maximise digital technology for social benefit in his intervention at the g20 summit on digital economy and artificial intelligence (ai).
;;0.0;;guwahati: a video clip showing tripura sports minister manoj kanti deb inappropriately touching social welfare minister shantana chakma at saturdays event where prime minister narendramodi inaugurated several projects went viral on sunday.
;;-0.4019;;new delhi: the supreme court monday agreed to hear tomorrow a congress mp's plea seeking direction to the election commission to decide without any demur the complaints against prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah on their alleged hate speeches and using armed forces for political propaganda.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressed a rally where he gave a hate-speech and sought votes in the name of armed forces in wardha, maharashtra, the plea alleged.
;;0.0;;foundation stone of this project would be laid on thursday by prime minister narendramodi from delhi and chief minister jai ram thakur from shimla.
;;0.6908;;briefing reporters after a bjp parliamentary party meeting, attended by prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah , parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar said the government has been talking to different parties to break the deadlock in parliament and targeted congress.
;;0.25;;madurai: the madras high court madurai bench on thursday granted conditional advance bail to a college student in a case involving the morphing of a photograph of chief minister edappadi k palanisami with prime minister narendramodi which was posted online.
;;-0.8118;;the rajya sabha member said poor, women and youths are disappointed with prime minister narendramodi as he did not fulfil the promises made to them during the 2014 lok sabha elections, especially in connection to black money, price rise and employment.
;;0.7506;;in his address to the nation, prime minister narendramodi hailed isro's scientists saying that they live for the country and irrespective of setbacks, the country's resolve to reach the moon has strengthened more.
;;0.0;;chidambaram utilized the meeting to answer the allegations levelled by prime minister narendramodi against the upa government and him recently at permanallur in the district.
;;0.4412;;cm mamata banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: the centre on wednesday informed that it had not cleared the west bengal governments proposal to change the states name to bangla, prompting cm mamata banerjee to dash off a letter to prime minister narendramodi urging him to accept the wishes of the people and expedite the rechristening process.
;;0.2023;;he said: instead of playing politics, prime minister narendramodi has taken this decision for the welfare and development of the people of this region.
;;0.5106;;yogi also furthered prime minister narendramodi 's swachh bharat call at the event organised by the ministry of panchayati raj under namami gange project, which was attended by gram pradhans of 1,627 open defecation free (odf) villages of 25 districts situated along the ganga.
;;0.6124;;guwahati: anticipating a huge rush of people to be witness to the opening of the countrys longest rail-cum-road bridge on december 25 by prime minister narendramodi at kareng bali ghat in dhemaji, northeast frontier railway has decided to run four special trains to and from tangani.
;;-0.6124;;talking to reporters on sunday, she said, when we have narendramodi as prime minister and yogi adityanath as chief minister of uttar pradesh , it is shocking that there is delay in the construction of ram temple in ayodhya .
;;0.5106;;in november, bharati had joined the growing chorus for early construction of ram temple saying, i expect prime minister narendramodi and up chief minister yogi adityanath will take a bold step for the construction of ram temple.
;;0.5719;;on april 23 this year, when jonty took to twitter to mark his daughter's second birthday, prime minister narendramodi had replied, happy birthday to india, from india.
;;0.0;;he said that prime minister narendramodi has already fixed a target to make india a five trillion dollar economy by 2024 - 25 and whole team in the centre is working in that direction.
;;0.7096;;he expressed his gratitude to prime minister narendramodi , external affairs minister sushma swaraj and said that the post department is playing an important role in connecting general public with all the public welfare schemes.
;;0.5267;;can the state government at least now state whether prime minister narendramodi has agreed to meet an all-party delegation from tamil nadu or has given a promise to constitute the board?
;;-0.6808;;his statement came a day after prime minister narendramodi , addressing the sco summit in bishkek , asked that countries sponsoring, aiding and funding terrorism must be held accountable.
;;-0.4019;;g20 summit sidelines: pm modi hold talks with donald trumpnew delhi: india and the us found a mechanism to tackle trade tensions after a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump in osaka on friday, with the ministers of the two countries expected to meet in the coming weeks to work out the contours of a deal.
;;-0.4767;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday suspended his monthly 'mann ki baat' broadcast for march and april, and said he will be back with the programme on the last sunday of may, by when results of the lok sabha elections are expected to be declared.
;;0.0;;during solih's visit, prime minister narendramodi said there are infinite possibilities between the two neighbours.
;;0.2732;;calangute: deputy speaker and calangute mla michael lobo has urged prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley to further reduce gst on certain goods to usher in achhe din for the common man.
;;0.0;;he said people had voted for prime minister narendramodi , thinking he would bring a change in the condition of backward classes as he himself belong to that section, but he did nothing.
;;-0.9423;;stressing that the international monetary fund had already warned that if the trend continued the nation would face its worst financial crisis, haokip demanded dissolution of the bjp-led nda government and resignation of prime minister narendramodi for the blunder.
;;0.34;;maynaguri: on the eve of prime minister narendramodi modis rally here, heavy security arrangements were put in place on thursday keeping in mind the thakurnagar rally where restive crowds had turned unruly and flung chairs.
;;0.0;;new delhi: external affairs minister s jaishankar will meet his russian counterpart sergey lavrov on tuesday here to further advance bilateral cooperation and prepare grounds for prime minister narendramodi 's upcoming visit to vladivostok in the wake of eastern economic forum (eef).
;;0.0;;gurdaspur: prime minister narendramodi will address his first public rally of 2019 in gurdaspur on thursday, sounding the poll bugle for the lok sabha elections this year and setting the tone for the sad-bjp alliances campaign in the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , who was present in the meeting but did not address the mps, will also speak at the programme, a course on parliamentary procedure and rules, and also the saffron party's ideology.
;;0.296;;she is a force to reckon with in this constituency and prime minister narendramodi modis public meeting in this constituency has only bolstered her electoral prospects.
;;0.0;;the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , recently amended the constitution (scheduled tribes) order (amendment) bill, 2018 to amend the the constitution (scheduled tribes) order of 1950.
;;-0.0516;;this united protest will send a strong message to prime minister narendramodi and amit shah and teach them a lesson that they should not to make such a devastating statement.
;;0.0;;his facebook page has photographs of him standing next toprime minister narendramodi and state bjp president b s yeddyurappa.
;;0.0772;;all the four seers also hail the work of prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.0;;nadda said that ayushman bharat was the brainchild of prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.6597;;b'varanasi: when prime minister narendramodi promised to serve the ailing \'maa ganga\' while launching his election campaign here in 2014, a lot of hope was generated.
;;0.4019;;naveens statement, in response to queries from the media, comes at a time when prime minister narendramodi has held back-to-back political rallies in different parts of odisha, clearly saying bjp intended to focus on the state.
;;-0.2023;;the new block in western court in delhi, which prime minister narendramodi inaugurated on wednesday, has increased a capacity to accommodate 162 lawmakers of lok sabha.
;;0.0;;at a rally in sonamura, prime minister narendramodi urged the people to replace manik (gemstone) with hira (diamond)  the latter spelt out in terms of highways, railways and airways.
;;0.6808;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will visit the united states from september 21-27, during which he will meet president donald trump and address the annual united nations general assembly (unga) session, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said on thursday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will make a visit to the us from the late afternoon of 21 september until the forenoon of 27 september.
;;-0.3182;;kannauj/hardoi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday went all guns blazing against bsp chief mayawati for her fake obc taunt against him and emphasised his extremely backward caste background during his campaign trail at hardoi, kannauj and sitapur as you are playing the game of forward and backward caste politics and issuing my caste certificate, let me tell you i belong to the most backward caste, which is so miniscule that you may not even trace a single house of my caste in a village, modi said, while addressing a rally in kannauj.
;;0.3182;;this story is from november 5, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citycoimbatore: a farmers associations in tamil nadu has written to prime minister narendramodi requesting him to expand the proposed mumbai-bangalore economic corridor to coimbatore.
;;0.9042;;washington: asserting that 40 years is enough for every responsible nation to get on board with the south asia peace process, us defence secretary jim mattis , in a strong message to pakistan, said it is time for everyone to support the efforts of the un, prime minister narendramodi and afghanistan in this regard.
;;0.3182;;he further said that prime minister narendramodi should concentrate on completing its reform agenda, including importantly making india a federation.
;;0.7351;;co/s7p502crqw  amitabh kant (@amitabhk87) 1562305593000describing the union budget as citizen friendly, development friendly and future oriented, prime minister narendramodi said it will empower the poor and provide the youth with a better future.
;;0.2023;;they further said that as construction of a permanent campus for the iim in sirmaur and central university has remained an issue in the state and parliamentary elections are due next year, there are chances that either prime minister narendramodi or union human resource development minister prakash javdekar can come to lay the foundation stone of the premier business school before the elections.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi has praised the indian missions abroad for organising events on yoga and urged everyone to participate in it.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , state bjp chief madan lal saini and former chief minister vasundhara raje at an .
;;0.1027;;tonk: listing out flagship programmes of his government, prime minister narendramodi in his address at tonk on saturday said that it is now believed that modi hai toh mumkin hai.
;;0.6369;;meanwhlile, the bengal cm, who has long been trying to find a foothold nationally as a credible opposition to prime minister narendramodi , needs a national party like the congress by her side.
;;0.4019;;she had gone to the extent of requesting all opposition parties including cpm to come together against narendramodi modis government.
;;-0.872;;co/s567nfrdgb  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1563274841000download the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday expressed anguish over the death people after a building collapsed in dongri area in mumbai.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated the memorial dedicated to bhimrao ambedkar in north london during.
;;0.4588;;read morelondon: the indian government has lodged an appeal against a local uk council's attempt to close down a memorial dedicated to bhimrao ambedkar in north london , inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi during his visit to the uk in november 2015.
;;0.4215;;bhopal: prime minister narendramodi is likely to address about 11 rallies in poll-bound madhya pradesh to boost the bjp campaign in a state where his party is locked in a close fight with the congress.
;;-0.1027;;on january 4, prime minister narendramodi had mentioned at a public rally in silchar that the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2016, is a prayaschitta (atonement) for the mistakes committed during partition.
;;0.4404;;this story is from december 15, 2018a hoarding welcoming prime minister narendramodi in rae barelipm likely to inaugurate civil enclave at allahabad airportdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi digitally announced the launch of the hubs at sher-e-kashmir international convention centre (skicc), srinagar , on sunday.
;;-0.7845;;this story is from december 16, 2018k t rajendra bhalaji (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymadurai: minister for milk and dairy development k t rajendra bhalaji on saturday said that it is disheartening that prime minister narendramodi did not visit the cyclone-affected regions in tamil nadu the central government should have declared the cyclone as a national disaster, rajendra bhalaji said in virudhunagar on saturday.
;;0.6705;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi said on sunday said that in order to see the beauty and understand people of the country, there can be no better teacher than tourism.
;;0.5267;;during his meetings with prime minister narendramodi , kcr had urged the centre to extend financial help to the state for kaleshwaram project, which is being taken up at a cost of rs 80,000 crore.
;;-0.4767;;if it is once again being broken apart in the name of caste, where is prime minister narendramodi and what is he doing?
;;0.5106;;sources also said the bjp was trying to coordinate and see if prime minister narendramodi was free to travel to goa for the inauguration of the bridge.
;;0.4939;;speaking on the occasion, the dmho said, aayushman bharat was the brain child of prime minister narendramodi and had successfully completed one year.
;;0.6369;;hyderabad: ahead of his london visit from april 17, several indian students organisations in the uk, on sunday wrote asked prime minister narendramodi what measures he would take for swift and appropriate justice in the 'crimes of heinous nature against three minor girls in india'.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will formally launch the scheme at a farmers' rally in gorakhpur, uttar pradesh, on february 24.
;;-0.7964;;new delhi, nov 8 () on the second anniversary of demonetisation, the congress thursday alleged it was the biggest scam of independent india that should be probed and asserted that the people will punish prime minister narendramodi for his wreckless decision.
;;-0.4166;;time has come for prime minister narendramodi to take responsibility for this destruction and apologise.
;;0.8442;;co/h0ijgpt6or  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1566638400000uaeuaeabu dhabi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday discussed ways to improve trade and cultural ties between india and thewith the crown prince of abu dhabi welcoming modi, the crown prince, sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan , expressed gratitude to his brother for visiting his second home.
;;0.5423;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi is expected to attend a meeting of bjp's jammu and kashmir core group called here on tuesday, with top party leaders, including its chief amit shah, set to discuss political atmosphere and party's preparedness for assembly elections whenever they are held, sources said.
;;-0.0258;;in an apparent backtracking from his comments after meeting prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the g7 summit in france, trump on monday said he feels that both india and pakistan can resolve the kashmir problem on their own.
;;0.2732;;meanwhile, chief minister pinarayi vijayan wrote to prime minister narendramodi seeking his immediate intervention in resolving the issue and ending the postal strike.
;;0.5994;;new delhi: how did bear grylls converse with prime minister narendramodi in the special episode of ' man vs wild ' when the famed adventurer and survivalist does not understand hindi?
;;0.8316;;new delhi: congress chief rahul gandhi on wednesday took a swipe at prime minister narendramodi for not holding a press conference during his tenure, saying he should try one someday as it is fun to be asked questions he also took a dig at the prime minister for his extensive campaigning, saying, dear mr modi, now that campaigning is over, hope you can spare some time for your part-time job as pm.
;;0.9432;;i was more happy when i came to know that ghmc won an award for solid waste management than when i received an award from prime minister narendramodi for administration, said greater hyderabad municipal corporation (ghmc) commissioner b janardhan reddy.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: power is like oxygen for some people with restlessness setting in if they are out of it for even two or five years, prime minister narendramodi said on monday while taking a jibe at the opposition but without naming anybody or any party.
;;0.6597;;image used for representational purposedownload the times of india news app for latest citychennai: the regional parties in tamil nadu have a different take on the move by prime minister narendramodi to push forward the one nation; one election move and for which he has convened a meeting of all parties on june 19 in new delhi.
;;0.0;;vijayawada/visakhapatnam: bjp leaders on saturday lashed out at tdp mla nandamuri balakrishna over his remarks on prime minister narendramodi , during chandrababu naidus fast in vijayawada on friday.
;;0.6249;;on the launch of the applications, chief post master general dr sarita singh said that in order to fulfil the ambitious digital india programme and prime minister narendramodi 's vision of 'digital india', 42 post offices across the state will go the digital way.
;;0.4019;;the new bridge is part of prime minister narendramodi modis special package of rs 1.
;;-0.2263;;gandhinagar: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday delayed his scheduled departure by more than four hours to review his pet projects that were initiated when he was gujarat chief minister.
;;0.7096;;according to agencies, referring to the incident in rajya sabha where prime minister narendramodi had commented on her laughter in the house, chowdhury said, narendramodi had snatched my dignity when he said i remind him of surpanakha.
;;-0.5267;;but backlash has been swift and retaliatory vandalism by opposition supporters has also begun, prompting prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah to condemn all such acts of destruction.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 16, 2019prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4019;;kollam: prime minister narendramodi 's claim that what happened in tripura will happen in kerala might seem a desperate attempt to shore up the morale of his party workers, but by branding congress-led udf and cpm-led ldf as two sides of the same coin he left no doubt that bjp and its nda allies would do their utmost to disrupt kerala's decades-long bipolar political order in the upcoming lok sabha elections addressing a huge gathering of bjp workers here on tuesday, modi sought to tar both ldf and udf with the same brush on a host of issues ranging from sabarimala and gender justice to corruption and economic reservation.
;;0.5106;;the album was launched by prime minister narendramodi and president of france francois hollande at the united nations climate change conference cop21 (paris).
;;0.0;;this story is from november 18, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citygurugram: bjp heavyweights in haryana are competing with each other to bring in crowds for prime minister narendramodi modis rally near sultanpur bird sanctuary in gurugram on monday for the inauguration of the kmp expressway.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi hosted the main event in ranchi and performed yoga along with 18,000 people.
;;0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi addresses the indian community at unesco: aniparis: prime minister narendramodi on friday invoked the spirit of the football game to underline the close bond between india and france .
;;-0.5267;;the bjp, of course, pitched demonetisation as an anti-corruption tool and a class action, with prime minister narendramodi often asking his audience whether the scrapping of notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 denomination last year had hurt them.
;;-0.6597;;the former karnataka chief minister also accused primeminister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah ofindulging in destabilising the coalition government as they fear getting just three our four seats in the upcoming lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;mr narendramodi calls himself chowkidar, where is chowkidar getting the money from?
;;0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah had described former chief minister and telugu desam party (tdp) president n chandrababu naidu as u-turn babu during their election campaign in march as he had left nda to support congress.
;;0.0;;the resolution copy has already been sent to prime minister narendramodi and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis , a local leader said sunday.
;;0.7906;;guwahati: a day after the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi empowered the assam government to implement local land policies and laws to secure the interest of indigenous people, the prabajan virodhi manch (pvm) on thursday asked the state government to immediately pass a legislation reserving land, employment and other benefits for the indigenous communities and pre-1951 citizens of the state and their descendants.
;;-0.4939;;meanwhile, tension prevailed in trichy as a group of protesters attempted to burn the bjp flag and effigy of prime minister narendramodi in front of the head post office.
;;0.0;;commenting on opposition leader and ysrcp chief jagan's meeting with prime minister narendramodi , the mp said it would not have any impact on the tdp.
;;0.0;;pm modi (file photo)ranchi: prime minister narendramodi will launch kisan maan dhan yojana (kmdy) in ranchi later today.
;;0.4215;;on monday, chief minister lal thanhawla had written to prime minister narendramodi that as people have lost faith in him (shashank), the only solution for the smooth conduct of the assembly elections 2018 would be removal of ceo s b shashank from office forthwith.
;;-0.296;;guwahati: prime minister narendramodi was shown black flags in at least two places here on saturday for the second consecutive day over the contentious citizenship (amendment) bill.
;;0.4939;;india inked an inter-governmental agreement (iga) with russia for the four frigates during a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin on the sidelines of the 2016 brics summit.
;;0.6908;;he said a new political culture has emerged under prime minister narendramodi 's leadership and those who are against the politics of 'vote bank and dynasty' are welcome to the bjp which is now an all-pervasive party.
;;0.7351;;in the pre-election attempt to lay claim to the saints legacy, at one end was prime minister narendramodi laying the foundation stone for the beautification of the birthplace of the bhakti poet in varanasi and on the other was mayawati, who said that instead of observing a ceremony to remember the saint, bjp should free its mind of narrow thoughts, casteism and communalism.
;;-0.1531;;telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar raodownload the times of india news app for latest cityhyderabad: telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao may miss his second meeting with prime minister narendramodi on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday told floor leaders of different political parties in the parliament to keep political differences aside and not disrupt the functioning of the two houses.
;;0.4588;;japaneseshinzoabeinindiavisitjapanesetoindiaforannualsummitindecemberannualsummitinannualsummitinabevisittovisitinindiainininindiaabeintotoinindiatoabevisittoindiaininindiainininabeinsummitininvladivostok: prime minister narendramodi , who met hiscounterparton the sidelines of the 5th east economic forumrussia's far eastern state earlier today, discussed the bilateral ties shared betweenand japan , with particular emphasis on the forthcomingof theprime ministerthethat would take place sometimeaddressing the media after the bilateral engagements of the two prime ministers, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said that dates of thewill be negotiated and announceddue course.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday hailed india's religious diversity as he wished the nation, particularly muslims, on the beginning of the holy month of ramzan i convey my hearty greetings to all fellow indians and everyone across the world, especially muslim brethren at the advent of this auspicious month of ramzan.
;;0.9485;;starting with a strength of eight judges in 1950, including the chief justice of india, the judges strength is now 34, with a recent amendment by parliament after cji ranjan gogoi wrote to prime minister narendramodi outlining the urgent need for an increase in sc judges strength in proportion to the increase in litigation.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi  in his independence day speech  had launched ab-nhps with an aim to provide healthcare facilities to over 10 crore families, covering the urban and rural poor.
;;0.5256;;download the times of india news app for latest cityvaranasi: one of the most ambitious project for the tourism sector of the city, the virtual experiential museum (vem) developed at man mahal, will be finally open for the public after its inauguration by prime minister narendramodi during his visit to the city on saturday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah.
;;0.3182;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi 's monthly address - 'mann ki baat' - being aired to about 150 countries -- has evoked a huge response from people of indian-origin living abroad, an all india radio (air) director has said.
;;0.25;;this is keeping with prime minister narendramodi modis the vision of making a new india by 2022.
;;0.4215;;even the much-hyped bharat interface for money (bhim) application, promoted in a big way by prime minister narendramodi , is being used by just 2  of the retailers.
;;0.128;;new delhi: expressing support for andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu's daylong fast, congress chief rahul gandhi on monday alleged that prime minister narendramodi had stolen from the people of the state and given the money to industrialist anil ambani the tdp president's fast, demanding that the centre fulfil promises made during andhra pradesh's bifurcation in 2014 and alleging that the prime minister was not following 'raj dharma' by denying the state special status, became a rallying point for various opposition leaders who gathered at the venue to back him.
;;-0.0258;;mr narendramodi , wherever he goes, he goes to andhra pradesh, he lies about special status.
;;0.25;;bengaluru/new delhi: the slow pace of fitting out regional airports risks delaying prime minister narendramodi 's ambitious plan to launch more flights connecting smaller towns and cities and get millions more people using air travel.
;;0.34;;finally the file was sent as is to the cabinet committee on security headed by prime minister narendramodi .
;;0.34;;does this not show that pm narendramodi was compromising national security?
;;0.4404;;new delhi: the congress party is facing a financial crisis that could undermine its ability to wrest power from prime minister narendramodi 's wealthy bharatiya janata party (bjp) in 2019.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to almost double indias financial contribution to the commonwealth when he heads to london this week for the commonwealth heads of government meeting (chogm).
;;0.0;;new delhi: for once the chinese mandarins were caught napping by none other than prime minister narendramodi during his informal summit with president xi jinping in wuhan, china's ambassador to india luo zhaohui revealed on saturday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis government had implemented many schemes in tamil nadu.
;;0.2023;;santiniketan: the chief ministers office has intimated visva-bharati authorities that mamata banerjee will be reaching santiniketan on thursday evening to attend the convocation on friday, a day before prime minister narendramodi and bangladesh premier sheikh hasina arrive.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will meet later this week all those bjp mps who have held ministerial post either at the centre or in the state, sources said on monday.
;;0.0;;chouhan also referred to prime minister narendramodi as the sun and said, suraj ke upar agar thookenge to wo unke chehre par hi aega.
;;0.0;;the announcement on thursday came ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to qingdao, a seaside city in china, to attend the shanghai cooperation organisation summit on june 9 and 10.
;;-0.7579;;addressing a sizeable gathering, ncp chief sharad pawar said terrorist attacks in kashmir on law enforcing agencies and civilians had increased since 2014, when the narendramodi government was sworn in.
;;0.0;;pawar reminded his audience that prime minister narendramodi was close to buldhana when the last rites of the two crpf soldiers from the state were being held in that district.
;;0.0;;on february 15, prime minister narendramodi flagged off the first semi-high speed engine-less vande bharat express (t18) between new delhi and varanasi.
;;0.4019;;puducherry: after june, the congress party will have only puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy to showcase as a congress cm in the country, said prime minister narendramodi on sunday.
;;0.5574;;following the vision of prime minister narendramodi to promote cashless economy, the bank took the initiative at bhagabanpur to make all residents of the village to transact digitally.
;;0.0;;previously, on november 25, 2016 maluka got embroiled in a controversy when he had an altercation with a policeman during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to bathinda to lay the foundation stone of all india institute of medical sciences.
;;0.0;;the bjp, under prime minister narendramodi and president amit shah , has implemented an unwritten rule of retiring leaders who were above 75 years of age.
;;0.0772;;the amendment, passed by union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi , has brought down the specified value of disputes to 3 lakh.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , who watched the launch live on television, said the event will be etched in the annals of history.
;;0.0;;gandhingar: prime minister narendramodi will formally inaugurate the newly constructed 'garvi gujarat bhawan' in new delhi on monday evening.
;;0.34;;kumar also played down the controversy over us president donald trump 's claim that prime minister narendramodi asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, saying it is time to move on.
;;-0.8074;;the rallies, which echoed mass agitation against sexual violence following the nirbhaya case in december 2012, piled pressure on prime minister narendramodi and the bjp government.
;;0.5719;;co/hrz5pdtbsh  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1561779753000osaka: prime minister narendramodi on saturday met with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan and held talks on a host of key issues including trade and investment, defence and counter-terrorism the two leaders, who are in osaka, japan, met in the morning on the margins of the two-day g20 summit and talked about the strong development partnership between india and turkey.
;;-0.5859;;that is what the congress does, said shobha, lashing out at congress leaders who have placed the blame for shivakumars arrest at the feet of prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah .
;;-0.5216;;the message that goes from here today is that as long as kashmiris dont get freedom, we will stand with them, he said, while comparing prime minister narendramodi modis administration to nazi germanys third reich.
;;0.4215;;i want to tell narendramodi that pakistan would respond with greater force if that happened.
;;0.0;;jd(s) leader h d kumaraswamy sought to know from prime minister narendramodi when 'kannada diwas' would be organised across the country.
;;0.0;;this is despite prime minister narendramodi himself laying the foundation stone for zojila tunnel in may 2018.
;;0.6869;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday said india has rich literature, dating back to thousands of years, on the cures for serious illnesses but the country has had little success in linking this ancient knowledge with modernity.
;;-0.0258;;new delhi: the cabinet committee on security met in the national capital on tuesday morning at the residence of prime minister narendramodi after the indian air force carried out air strikes in pakistan.
;;0.0772;;pune: maharashtra education department has issued a circular, making it mandatory for all government schools to make arrangements for viewing pariksha pe charcha programme by prime minister narendramodi on january 29.
;;0.1779;;carmon also said that his country can also extend their cooperation to the 'namami gange' project rolled out by prime minister narendramodi .
;;-0.6705;;this story is from february 15, 2019the troika hit out at prime minister narendramodi over various issues including farmers suicide, black money.
;;-0.926;;the troika hit out at prime minister narendramodi over an array of issues including farmers suicide, slapping sedition charges, black money, unemployment and destruction of institutions like cbi and communalism.
;;0.2519;;first announced in 2014 by prime minister narendramodi under un auspices, the international yoga day is now marked by indias efforts to showcase its legacy through hosting public yoga events in various world capitals, most prominently in the us, a country where improvisers have concocted various yoga spin-offs even as fundamentalist communities object its teaching in schools, seeing it as a foreign religious influence, despite significant evidence of its health benefits.
;;0.0;;on october 11, 2015, prime minister narendramodi had laid the foundation stone for the memorial.
;;0.6597;;the social media team was recently lauded by prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah for their active involvement which resulted in the party bagging 104 seats in the assembly polls.
;;0.8047;;owaisi claimed that prime minister narendramodi was doing nothing for the nation but was always ahead to take credit for the good work done by others.
;;0.4019;;mumbai: discovery channel 's special of bear grylls ' man vs wild, featuring prime minister narendramodi , made 3.
;;0.0;;shiromani akali dal mla from delhi and general secretary of delhi sikh gurudwara management committee (dsgmc)  manjinder singh sirsa  had taken up the issue with prime minister narendramodi to include a chapter on char sahibzade in the ncert syllabus.
;;0.685;;bhopal: taking a belated plunge into the #fitness challenge bandwagon, congress veteran digvjjaya singh on sunday dared prime minister narendramodi and his ministerial colleagues to undertake a 3000-kilometre long narmada parikrama if they were so keen to drive home the fitness message among indians.
;;0.2732;;kohli, who posted his video doing planks  complete with knee bends  which he called his favourite core workout, invited his wife and bollywood star anushka sharma, pm narendramodi and his former captain mahendra singh dhoni to post videos from their fitness regimen.
;;0.0;;while addressing reporters in trichy on tuesday, he urged prime minister narendramodi to order a cbi inquiry to investigate the entire appointments made in the department of higher education after governor banwarilal took over his chair in tamil nadu.
;;0.128;;the rashtriya gram swaraj abhiyan yojana launched by prime minister narendramodi on april 24 will provide villages with a further rs 7,300 crore.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi: hinting that the government is not considering an early ordinance to facilitate construction of the ram temple in ayodhya, prime minister narendramodi said the judicial process should take its own course even as he blamed previous congress governments for stalling a resolution.
;;-0.8316;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the subhash chandra bose museum at red fort to mark the leader's 122nd birth anniversary modi will also visit the yaad-e-jallian museum, (museum on the jallianwala bagh and world war i ) and the museum on 1857- india's first war of independence and drishyakala-museum on indian art at the same venue, a statement from his office said.
;;0.4019;;the congress leader also apprised prime minister narendramodi about the flood situation and sought the centre's support to deal with the situations.
;;0.3612;;puttur: parshottam khodabhai rupala, union minister of state for panchayati raj, agriculture and farmers welfare, on sunday lauded efforts by prime minister narendramodi in ensuring that central funds reached directly to the accounts of indian farmers.
;;-0.5719;;ahmedabad: the gujarat high court on friday adjourned the hearing on a plea seeking direction to the nanavati commission to summon chief minister narendramodi for questioning in connection with the 2002 riots, till december 26.
;;0.0;;lucknow: chief minister yogi adityanath and his cabinet are all set to host the biggest congregation of business heads before the 2019 lok sabha elections in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and 18 union ministers.
;;0.4019;;all big promises like make in india and start-up india that narendramodi made are all flop shows.
;;0.0;;he said that they would also seek appointment with mp cm shivraj singh chohan and prime minister narendramodi to take up the issue.
;;0.3818;;(ani)talks with russian president vladimir putin on wednesdaytwo-hour tete-a-tete on board a shipvladivostok: india and russia are against outside influence in the internal matters of any nation, prime minister narendramodi said afterduring which they discussed ways to bolster cooperation in trade and investment, oil and gas, nuclear energy, defence, space and maritime connectivity.
;;0.0;;the uae minister, who arrived here late last night, will also call on prime minister narendramodi and participate in a business roundtable on tuesday.
;;0.0;;new delhi prime minister narendramodi modis visit to russia and subsequent trip to kazakhstan early next month for the shanghai cooperation organisation summit are expected to give a major push to the much-delayed international north south transportation corridor (instc) and other connectivity channels.
;;0.5719;;guwahati: bolstering bjps quest for a repeat of its 2014 success story in assam, prime minister narendramodi kicked off his assam campaign for 2019 in two upper assam constituencies on saturday.
;;-0.2057;;observers feel the recent meeting between prime minister narendramodi and dmk working president m k stalin did not go down well with the minority communities.
;;0.0;;so, it is essential that we learn a language, and understand it, she said, a day after it was announced that prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping would hold an informal summit from april 27 to 28.
;;-0.8519;;sitamarhi/chhapra: bjp chief amit shah on sunday said prime minister narendramodi has shown he is a man with a 56-inch chest by destroying terrorist hideouts in pakistan.
;;0.2023;;he said though prime minister narendramodi talked about target olympic podium scheme for training of athletes, the haryana government cancelled the proposal of constructing a stadium in the village of dronacharya awardee mahavir phogat and phogat sisters.
;;0.0;;urging chinese businesses to make major breakthroughs in chip technology, xi, who hosted prime minister narendramodi here in the central chinese city for an unprecedented two-day informal summit, said they should achieve new heights in global semiconductor industry.
;;-0.296;;when jaganmohan was opposition leader in andhra pradesh in 2017 february, he had lodged a complaint with prime minister narendramodi against the alleged vindictive and discriminatory action of the then joint director sa uma shankar goud and assistant director bs gandhi and alleged they acted under the undue and coercive influence of tdp government.
;;0.9118;;bjp state president kanna lakshminarayana has already won the trust of the national leadership, including that of prime minister narendramodi and party supremo amit shah, making him an undisputed leader in the partys state wing.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi will flag off india's first engineless train vande bharat express on february 15 from the new delhi railway station , a senior official of the ministry told pti.
;;0.2263;;meanwhile, a whistleblower gurnek singh brar, who was an se in punjab state electricity board (pseb), dealing with meter purchase has been sending emails continuously to all the concerned officials including prime minister narendramodi , haryana chief minister (cm), haryana chief secretary (cs) and other important officials giving detailed information about this case and an estimated loss of around rs 1,500 crore, if only 20  of the 12 lakh procured meters were tampered for electricity theft.
;;0.296;;prime minister narendramodi at the centre and shivraj singh in the state would join hands to work for the public, he said.
;;0.6114;;prime minister narendramodi (ap)houston: a prominent indian-american muslim organisation in houston is actively backing the howdy, modi!
;;0.9042;;event to be held here on september 22 to welcome prime minister narendramodi the indian american muslim association of greater houston (imagh) is one of the major welcome partners for the community reception in honour of prime minister modi.
;;-0.7096;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi has denied any dichotomy in bjp's stand favouring punishment for those practising triple talaq even after it has been outlawed, and opposing entry of women of a particular age into sabrimala shrine in disregard of an sc judgement.
;;-0.743;;this story is from october 21, 2018new delhi: in a veiled attack on the nehru-gandhi family, prime minister narendramodi said sunday that to keep one family above the rest, efforts were made to forget the contributions leaders such as sardar vallabhbhai patel , bhim rao ambedkar and subhash chandra bose made in the independence struggle.
;;0.7184;;new delhi: congress president rahul gandhi said prime minister narendramodi should know that he would not be able to win the trust of dalits no matter how many ambedkar statues he garlands because of his regressive mindset about the community.
;;0.6908;;chennai: the state police on wednesday received an alert from the intelligence bureau on a plan by protesters, aiming to make a point on the cauvery issue, to use drones to greet prime minister narendramodi with black flags when he arrives in chennai on thursday.
;;0.7556;;(photo courtesy: doordarshan)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday said an active opposition is important in a parliamentary democracy and they need not bother about their numbers but speak actively and participate in house proceedings.
;;-0.2263;;the nude protesters shouted slogans against prime minister narendramodi , chief minister sarbananda sonowal and finance minister himanta biswa sarma.
;;0.52;;despite its losses, bjp is banking on a campaign centred around prime minister narendramodi to dominate these states while congress is looking to tap its rejuvenated organisational presence and pro-poor promises.
;;0.4215;;dubai: prime minister narendramodi 's third official visit to the uae on august 23-24 is another important milestone in the bilateral comprehensive strategic partnership and the indian community is looking forward to it, india's envoy in the country has said.
;;0.0;;chief minister of karnataka h d kumaraswamy met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on wednesday and con.
;;-0.3818;;read morenew delhi: karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy called on prime minister narendramodi and sought central assistance to the state reeling under severe drought due to 45 per cent shortfall in the rainfall.
;;0.2263;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi sought to put a lid on motormouths who have embarrassed bjp with comments ranging from a pakistani hand in the kathua rape-murder to evidence of internet in the mahabharat age, saying mistakes by party leaders provided masala to the media.
;;0.0;;he further said that the formal announcement is likely to be made when prime minister narendramodi inaugurates the 6km stretch of the metro from vastral gam to apparel park.
;;-0.6124;;chandigarh: a day after the nationwide protests against the ruling bjp in centre, the haryana congress leaders on sunday intensified their attack on prime minister narendramodi and haryana cm manohar lal khattar addressing a workers-cum-public rally in kherhi chopta village in the heart of narnaund assembly constituency , currently held by finance minister capt abhimanyu, surjewala announced to provide a loan waiver up to rs 50,000 for small farmers with up to two acres of land if elected.
;;0.0;;moreover, since the plan is to have chief minister pinarayi vijayan to inaugurate the airport, without prime minister narendramodi , a bjp leader landing there much before the formal commissioning would be seen as some kind of a settling of scores by bjp.
;;0.4767;;we have to respect the decision of the highest court, gadkari said, adding that prime minister narendramodi is concerned about the people of goa.
;;-0.128;;books on career guidance, childcare, fiction and autobiographies including that of prime minister narendramodi were much in demand.
;;0.2023;;summittrump tweetedosaka: prime minister narendramodi on friday held bilateral talks with us president donald trump and discussed a host of key issues including trade, defence and 5g communications networks ahead of the formal opening of the g-20modi said that he wants to discuss iran, 5g, bilateral relations and defence relations with trump.
;;0.6808;;porvorim: just days after prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah promised farmers in karnataka that the mhadei water sharing dispute could be resolved through an amicable solution, goa agriculture minister vijai sardesai rubbished the notion and said that goa would not compromise on the issue.
;;-0.7579;;bhatt was arrested on september 30 in connection with an fir filed against him by state police constable kd pant in june for allegedly threatening him and making him sign false affidavits regarding a meeting by chief minister narendramodi on february 27, 2002 after the godhra train incident.
;;0.4404;;saris with prime minister narendramodi modis portrait, better known as modi saris, have popped up in the textile markets of surat and godhra and the videos promptly went viral on social media.
;;0.0;;addressing a press conference, congress leaders kc venugopal and randeep surjewala alleged prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah were involved in attempts to topple the jd(s)-congress government in karnataka.
;;-0.8402;;hours before presenting the state budget amid coalition discord and bjp's alleged toppling game, kumaraswamy dropped the audio bomb at a press conference, targeting prime minister narendramodi in his attack.
;;0.5719;;another former chief minister h d kumaraswamy of the jd(s) had dared prime minister narendramodi to celebrate 'kannada divas'.
;;0.5267;;a delegation of nda's sc and st mps, led by ljp chief ram vilas paswan and union social justice minister thawarchand gehlot, had last week met prime minister narendramodi to discuss the apex court's judgement diluting provisions of the sc-st atrocities act.
;;0.8176;;earlier today, swaraj had put out a tweet congratulating prime minister narendramodi after the centre's move to revoke special status for jammu and kashmir and bifurcate the border state into two union territories secured parliament's approval.
;;0.2263;;as uncertainty loomed in the valley, mainstream political parties started efforts to seek clarity from the centre with national conference president farooq abdullah requesting an appointment with prime minister narendramodi the nda-led centre had recently announced that 100 more companies (10,000 personnel) of central armed police forces (capfs) would be sent to the state.
;;0.4588;;this story is from december 15, 2018prime minister narendramodi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest cityrae bareli: gandhi bastion rae bareli is being decked up for its first grand non-congress visit in recent times.
;;0.0;;billboards and hoardings bearing lifesize photographs of prime minister narendramodi have come up in every nook and corner of the constituency which is represented by upa chairperson sonia.
;;0.4588;;bengaluru: prime minister narendramodi will not compromise on indias data sovereignty, said telecom, law and it minister ravi shankar prasad at the economic times startup awards 2019 here on friday.
;;0.4391;;let me make it very clear: narendramodi will never compromise on data sovereignty of india, said prasad.
;;0.4019;;they are clearly not favourable to prime minister narendramodi , he said.
;;0.0;;pune: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday laid the foundation stone for the over rs 8,000 crore third phase of the citys metro rail project from hinjewadi to shivajinagar.
;;0.0;;but, the centre had sought additional time of 10 days, citing the preoccupation of prime minister narendramodi and others with the karnataka elections.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi modidownload the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: prime minister narendramodi at a meeting with jamia millia islamia vice-chancellor najma akhtar has assured the university of all assistance in setting up a medical college-cum-hospital in the next few years.
;;0.0;;if ramdas is given the ticket, it will blot the image of prime minister narendramodi , and bjp national president amit shah.
;;0.2732;;bhosale, who draws his political influence due to his descendance from maratha king chhatrapati shivaji's family, said he agreed with the policies pursued by prime minister narendramodi and will work for maharashtra as aleader.
;;0.3818;;on friday, he cleared the air, tweeting he will join bjp in new delhi in the presence of pm narendramodi , amit shah, nitin gadkari and cm devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.6908;;new delhi: retired civil service officers have written an open letter to the government and prime minister narendramodi , asking for firm action against perpetrators of hate crimes against minorities in the country.
;;0.4019;;the agenda of the meeting was to brief party workers about the upcoming rally of prime minister narendramodi at gurdaspur.
;;0.9246;;speaking at the meeting, andhra pradesh chief minister y s jaganmohan reddy made a strong pitch to grant special category status to the debt-ridden state and urged prime minister narendramodi to be gracious in fulfilling the promise made in parliament and also in the bjp's 2014 poll manifesto.
;;0.0;;in his inaugural remarks, prime minister narendramodi stressed that niti aayog has a key role to play in fulfilling the mantra of sabka saath, sabka vikas, sabkavishwas.
;;-0.3612;;however, government sources pointed out that prime minister narendramodi set out the argument during his recent visit to the northeast when he said a distinction should be drawn between those who entered india to grab its resources and those fleeing in the face of atrocities.
;;-0.5789;;new delhi: the entire map of rural india on a government website turned green indicating the end of open defecation , as soon as prime minister narendramodi announced in his historic houston event that the country had rid itself of this shameful age-old habit.
;;-0.25;;co/lmfsix945b  ani (@ani) 1513322283000new delhi: the winter session of parliament got off to a rocky start today with the congress issuing a notice in the rajya sabha (rs) seeking an apology from prime minister narendramodi for alleging that former pm manmohan singh is colluding with pakistan.
;;-0.4939;;congress president-elect rahul gandhi had in a tv interview alleged that instead of talking about issues, pm narendramodi is insulting manmohan singh.
;;0.5106;;ahmedabad: pravin togadia, the former international working president of the vishva hindu parishad (vhp), who on tuesday began an indefinite fast at vanikar bhavan  the vhps ahmedabad office  said that prime minister narendramodi had breached the trust of hindus.
;;0.5106;;if prime minister narendramodi wants to do something he has to take the chief ministers of all states into confidence.
;;0.5719;;stating that he would convince bjp leaders to participate in the all-party meet, siddaramaiah said, i wish prime minister narendramodi intervenes in the issue.
;;0.0;;read morenew delhi: a national conference delegation, led by its patron farooq abdullah , met prime minister narendramodi on thursday and conveyed to him that assembly elections in jammu and kashmir should be held before the end of the year.
;;0.4588;;new delhi: the buddhists' spiritual head, the dalai lama, said today he's glad prime minister narendramodi is going to meet china's president xi jinping later this week.
;;0.3818;;jayant patil, president of the state unit of ncp, showed various video clips to emphasize on the unmet promises made by prime minister narendramodi and bjp leaders.
;;0.0;;trs mps also made several representations to prime minister narendramodi listing out the demands.
;;0.7184;;nashik: blaming the congress for the plight of kashmiris for decades, prime minister narendramodi on thursday called for hugging each kashmiri and creating a new paradise in the valley.
;;0.7003;;the architectural marvel in the heart of the city, was the centre of attraction when prime minister narendramodi visited it with japanese pm shinzo abe and his wife akie.
;;0.8591;;co/vnpadiaxws  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1517202316000new delhi: outlining his government's agenda for the budget session of parliament, prime minister narendramodi requested the opposition parties to get the triple talaq bill passed and expressed hope that the budget will further strengthen the growth of the country.
;;0.0;;he said that in the past five years, prime minister narendramodi had taken the country's economy to the fifth position from the 11th position.
;;0.4019;;udaipur: unable to support his differently-abled sister, an unemployed man from the state has written to prime minister narendramodi , seeking euthanasia for her.
;;-0.2023;;pune: shiv sena on wednesday hailed gujarat chief minister narendramodi for protecting himself from 'topi-kand' (cap-scam) by refusing to don an 'imami cap' offered by a muslim clergy during his three-day 'sadbhavana mission' fast.
;;0.4404;;this story is from october 26, 2018subramanian swamy (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest cityahmedabad: subramanian swamy rajya sabha mp from bjp, on thursday said that the cbi director, alok verma, is an 'upright officer' who was doing a 'good job to check corruption' and urged prime minister narendramodi to reconsider action taken against him.
;;0.6293;;the congress' assertion came in response to prime minister narendramodi 's remarks ahead of the monsoon session that the opposition need not bother about their numbers as their every word is valuable to the government.
;;0.25;;following this move, pinarayi vijayan in his letter to prime minister narendramodi in january, said the move was unjustified, and went against the interests of kerala.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 10, 2018punjab chief minister captain amarinder singhdownload the times of india news app for latest citychandigarh: after opposing the merger of ut dsps with danips cadre, punjab chief minister capt amarinder singh has now urged prime minister narendramodi to maintain the status quo in filling up of civil posts in the ut.
;;0.128;;after demonetisation, the upi-based bharat interface for money (bhim) app, launched by prime minister narendramodi , has acted as a catalyst to nudge many third-party providers to launch the upi app.
;;0.0;;after she was elected, sharma had been campaigning extensively in gujarat along with prime minister narendramodi for the assembly elections.
;;-0.0258;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said victory and defeat are integral part of life and he accepts the verdict of the assembly polls with humility.
