;;0.0;;picture: prem singhfinance minister arun jaitley on sunday said prime minister narendramodi had never done caste politics.
;;0.0;;chidambaram tweeted: mr narendramodi is the first person who became pm later who campaigned wearing his caste on his sleeve (2014): i am an obc.
;;-0.5719;;4: prime minister narendramodi today coined an acronym as he sought to seize the moral high ground in uttar pradesh, saying voters in the state must choose between scam and development.
;;-0.2732;;congress leaders sought an apology from prime minister narendramodi , who had hitched his anti-corruption campaign wagon to the 2g propeller and ridden to power in 2014, and vinod rai, the then cag whose report quoted a head-spinning presumptive loss of rs 1.
;;0.6369;;like what narendramodi is doing now, picking new faces at the expense of settled leaders, a party veteran explained.
;;0.7003;;picture by manoj kumarpatna: bihar bjp leaders sang paeans to prime minister narendramodi on friday after the us-based moody's investor service upgraded india's rating and also changed the country's outlook from stable to positive.
;;0.6808;;he said the thumbs-up from moody's and the recent world bank report on ease of doing business in which india scaled up 30 positions had put a global stamp of approval on the economic reforms introduced by the narendramodi government in the centre.
;;0.4588;;echoing rai, senior bjp leader and state road construction minister nand kishore yadav said: the narendramodi government is one which believes in working honestly and its efforts are being reflected in terms of analysis of the rating agencies.
;;0.0;;the unc also sent a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi , seeking his intervention into the ukhrul situation.
;;0.3182;;v. kumara swamyfrail forays: prime minister narendramodi has made several political and official visits to southern capitals in a bid to expand his partys footprint.
;;0.0;;but the 19-hour reduction does not stand in the way of prime minister narendramodi modis last rallies in bengal in this election.
;;0.4588;;we are organising a grand ceremony with sharmilas family and religious leaders in january in varanasi where i come from and which is prime minister narendramodi modis constituency.
;;0.0;;sources close to rajnath, however, indicated that the leader might not be averse to the idea provided he was offered the job by narendramodi and amit shah.
;;0.8807;;new delhi, jan 23 (pti): children from the northeast states today dominated the national bravery awards presented by prime minister narendramodi to 25 children chosen from across the country for their outstanding acts of valour.
;;-0.8176;;ptiprime minister narendramodi on monday launched a broadside against the congress, accusing it of branding peace-loving hindus as terrorists and insulting those who follow the religion.
;;0.0258;;the matter is expected to figure during the expected meeting between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping on the sidelines of the october 15-16 brics summit in goa.
;;0.0;;the home minister's comments mark a contrast with the silence of other ministers, including prime minister narendramodi , on the incident.
;;0.7003;;the scale of the triumph of narendramodi and the bharatiya janata party exceeded even what the opinion polls could dare to predict.
;;0.4939;;honour demandpatna: bihar hindi sahitya sammelan has urged prime minister narendramodi to look into its demand of conferring bharat ratna to personalities from the field of literature.
;;-0.4215;;ridiculing the pro-poor claims of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister das, he said, we are not going to remain mute spectators.
;;-0.802;;later, a series of blasts rocked an election rally of the bjp's prime ministerial candidate narendramodi at gandhi maidan on october 27, 2013, in which six persons were killed and over a 100 injured.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi modis lips have been sealed over the results, apart from a tweet  we accept the peoples mandate with humility  on december 11, when the votes were counted.
;;0.4019;;picture by prem singhbjp chief amit shah on tuesday got the union council of ministers led by prime minister narendramodi to the party headquarters for a thanksgiving get-together before hosting a dinner for alliance leaders in the evening, occupying centre-stage 48 hours ahead of counting day.
;;0.4404;;it has been learnt that the state government had on september 28, in a videoconferencing of prime minister narendramodi with bureaucrats, enquired about ntpc, to which additional chief secretary (home) n.n. pandey said mining at pankri-barwadih had started from september 17 and the process of awarding compensations to land-losers would be completed in one month.
;;0.0;;6: prime minister narendramodi , who never tires of calling himself an outsider to new delhi, is taking away from the capital a key diplomatic platform it has monopolised since independence: bilateral summit meetings with key world leaders.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi has said that india sees britain as the gateway to europe and, indeed, the overwhelming majority of british indian businessmen had supported david cameron's remain campaign.
;;0.0;;he also mentioned the names of the three handles and claimed prime minister narendramodi followed them.
;;0.0;;the cross-border appeal came in a letter the activists wrote to prime minister narendramodi and his pakistan counterpart shahid khaqan abbasi last week.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi had launched the initiative in 2014 to ensure that all schools across the country have access to separate functional toilets for boys and girls.
;;0.0;;though the train service was started in february this year, prime minister narendramodi had formally inaugurated the service from vaishali on march 12.
;;0.0;;the confocal microscope to be made by vinvish technologies uses a technology from the central glass and ceramics research institute, calcutta, in a research effort the company and institute say is in line with prime minister narendramodi modis make-in-india mantra.
;;0.0;;sand artist sudarshan patnaik in front of his sculptures and (right) brazilian president michel temer, chinese president xi jinping, prime minister narendramodi , russian president vladimir putin and south african president jacob zuma stand in front of the sculptures at the brics summit in goa.
;;0.5256;;i felt really proud when prime minister narendramodi personally described various elements of the sand art to the visiting leaders.
;;0.7096;;j.p. yadavahmedabad: the bjp has swept the uttar pradesh civic polls, raising the stature of chief minister yogi adityanath in the party and prompting a chorus led by prime minister narendramodi to congratulate him.
;;-0.4767;;new delhi, june 7: prime minister narendramodi got his history wrong again yesterday, adding 1200 extra years to the sun temple in konark, odisha.
;;-0.4588;;picture by deepak kumarpatna, june 17: the jdu today released a booklet highlighting the narendramodi government's failures in its two years.
;;-0.5267;;neeraj attacked prime minister narendramodi and accused him of playing with the people's sentiments.
;;0.8126;;9 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on saturday questioned how the congress planned to make good its promise to patidars of reservations in government jobs and education, since the supreme court limit of 50 per cent has already been filled up.
;;0.3818;;telegraph picture patna, june 28: a commando of the border security force (bsf), who was once part of the security detail assigned to narendramodi , went missing from a delhi-bound train between katihar and naugachia railway stations on june 2 and nothing has since been heard from him.
;;0.34;;add to this the concern that such a grouping may backfire as prime minister narendramodi could well play the victim card of all ganging up against me, making most opposition leaders prefer state-wise electoral arrangements to a national front as such.
;;0.0;;dev rajchief minister nitish kumar shows the yakshini to prime minister narendramodi at bihar museum in patna on saturday.
;;-0.4215;;the public refusal by prime minister narendramodi to accord central university status to patna university despite nitish's plea from a public platform was a symbolic snub.
;;0.3182;;india-born nadella, on his third visit to the country, also met prime minister narendramodi and telecom minister ravi shankar prasad to discuss ways to increase the contribution to the government's digital india initiative.
;;0.0;;14: roads wore a deserted look and shops were closed as it was virtual lockdown for around four hours in central parts of patna on a day prime minister narendramodi came visiting to attend the centenary celebrations of patna university.
;;0.1335;;except the party's star campaigner prime minister narendramodi , almost all top leaders, including bjp national president amit shah, union ministers rajnath singh, narendramodi singh tomar, piyush goyal, the party's minority face shahnawaz hussain and former jharkhand chief minister arjun munda visited bermo to campaign for its candidate yogeshwar batul.
;;0.0;;work on the shivaji statue, which by some estimates would cost rs 3,600 crore to make, was flagged off by prime minister narendramodi in 2016.
;;0.0;;trade union leaders said the campaigns by prime minister narendramodi and mamata banerjee and interventions by both the state and central governments had worked.
;;0.3612;;indian officials would like to finalise a deal that prime minister narendramodi and president barrack obama can sign in washington during a visit scheduled in september.
;;-0.802;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday told a public rally in maharashtras solapur that his government had demolished the falsehood being spread and provided 10 per cent extra reservation without tinkering with the quotas of the scs, sts and obcs, betraying a lurking fear among bjp managers.
;;0.0;;12 (pti): the gujarat cricket association, headed by chief minister narendramodi , has objected to the disclosure of its tax exemptions, prompting the income tax department to withhold the information, the ahmedabad it department has said.
;;0.25;;this is a new vision for india that (prime minister) narendramodi is propagating, rahul told the media outside parliament.
;;0.3182;;it is a vision where only one idea will prevail and any other idea - anybody who does not listen to or agree with narendramodi or the rss - has no place in india.
;;0.7003;;the janata dal (u), split with the bjp over the issue of narendramodi , joined the team much to the relief of the saffron party.
;;0.0;;after the ceremony, mulayam had walked up to prime minister narendramodi , whispered in his ear and summoned akhilesh before all three locked their palms together.
;;-0.7964;;new delhi, july 8: trinamul today alleged misbehaviour against its lok sabha women members by a drunk bjp mp, whose party denied the allegation and accused the lawmakers from bengal of having insulted prime minister narendramodi over the railway budget.
;;-0.5106;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi is a big liar.
;;-0.5106;;speaking at the convention, pcc president bhubaneswar kalita alleged the bjp is contesting the ensuing elections only on one issue  to make narendramodi the prime minister which is an insult to the people.
;;0.7003;;surendra and sujata panda receive a plaque in memory of freedom fighter laxmi indira panda from prime minister narendramodi in bhubaneswar on april 16.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi felicitated sujata at the raj bhavan here on april 16.
;;0.5719;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi on thursday approved the governors proposal to extend the benefits of the constitutional amendments 77 (reservation in promotion for the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes) and 103 (10 per cent reservation for economically weak sections of the society) to jammu and kashmir, which involves amending the contentious article 370, which gives special status to the state.
;;0.296;;sushma is travelling to dhaka on june 25 for a two-day trip  her first abroad after taking over as foreign minister  that is part of prime minister narendramodi modis new foreign policy drive to restore indias primacy in the region.
;;-0.296;;there have been shouts and murmurs that with rising pressure from the vishwa hindu parishad (vhp) and rss, the narendramodi government is mulling bringing an ordinance or enacting a law in parliament to pave the way for the temple between december 11, 2018 (beginning of the winter session of parliament) and january 12, 2019.
;;0.34;;at the event, rambhadracharya, 68, a monk from chitrakoot known to brag about his proximity to prime minister narendramodi , had appealed to ram bhakts for patience, telling them he had an assurance the centre would take concrete steps between december 11 and january 12 to build a temple in ayodhya.
;;0.4215;;21: the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea), chaired by prime minister narendramodi , today approved the setting up of a piped cooking gas network in ranchi and jamshedpur in addition to okaying viability gap funding for gail for developing the 2,539 km jagdishpur-haldia and bokaro-dhamra (jhbdpl) gas pipeline project.
;;-0.7351;;officials of iisco, whose modernised and expanded plant was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi and bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on may 14, 2015, blamed a technical snag for the accident.
;;-0.6249;;external affairs minister sushma swaraj told the rajya sabha on wednesday that prime minister narendramodi modis presence in nepal helped avert the flood threat to bihar.
;;0.2023;;13: nepal's new prime minister pushpa kamal dahal, better known as prachanda, is expected to invite his indian counterpart narendramodi to his country when he visits new delhi this week, in a gesture aimed at signalling an end to year-long tensions between the neighbours.
;;0.4939;;anita joshuafrench president emmanuel macron hugs prime minister narendramodi at a ceremonial reception in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.8425;;(picture by prem singh)new delhi: french president emmanuel macron has indicated that france would not have a problem if the narendramodi government shares some details of the rafale deal with the opposition provided the commercial sensitivities of all the parties involved are protected.
;;0.0;;the congress, which accuses the narendramodi government of agreeing to a much higher price than the upa government's negotiated price of rs 526.
;;0.7063;;the narendramodi government has refused so far to share the value of the rafale deal, citing a confidentiality agreement with france signed in 2008 when the upa was in power and valid for 10 years.
;;0.0;;even shah, who was in malda on january this year, and prime minister narendramodi , who was in jalpaiguri district in february, were silent on the gorkhas and their demands.
;;-0.4767;;he also pointed that as narendramodi will be in siliguri on april 3 to speak at a public meeting, shah had tried to placate the grievance of gorkhas ahead of the prime ministers visit.
;;-0.1027;;i am tired of our prime minister narendramodi talking about developing east india, including the northeast, like west and north india.
;;-0.7783;;he announced he had tried and failed to draw the attention of prime minister narendramodi , finance minister arun jaitley and bjp president amit shah to the harm done to his siddhivinayak transport company by the note recall and the gst.
;;0.0;;nadda, who was health minister in narendramodi modis first government, has been left out of the government this time, leading to speculation that he would replace shah as bjp president.
;;0.2144;;nadda had been a strong contender, as well as the rss choice, for the party chiefs post in 2014 too but lost out when prime minister narendramodi threw his weight behind shah, sources said.
;;-0.5994;;17 (pti): china today said it was against linking any country or religion to terror and asked the world to acknowledge pakistan's great sacrifices, a day after prime minister narendramodi had termed pakistan the mothership of terrorism.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in norwood, 80km east of colombo, on friday.
;;0.9042;;(afp) new delhi, may 12: prime minister narendramodi used a buddhist conference in sri lanka today to pitch india as an unselfish friend at a time neighbours and friends are queuing up for china's weekend summit where it will showcase its grand connectivity initiative as good for all.
;;0.4019;;by september 2014, when he joined narendramodi at us vice-president joe biden's lunch during the indian leader's first visit to washington as prime minister, the 71-year-old indian american businessman had donated more than $147,000 to democratic party campaigns.
;;0.6295;;sections of the people in west bengal responded positively to narendramodi , and it would appear that voters who had previously not supported the bjp did vote for the party this time.
;;0.0;;atul bora guwahati, may 29: the agp today appealed to prime minister narendramodi to scrap the land-swap deal signed between india and bangladesh.
;;0.5106;;addressing a news conference here today, agp working president atul bora said the party hoped that the narendramodi government would cancel the deal, which envisages handing over of assams land to bangladesh.
;;0.4019;;a team of young men, sporting state-of-the-art smartphones and laptops in their palms, were seen at the bjp office on friday busy in arranging the launch of rath (chariot) of narendramodi , the prime ministerial candidate of the party.
;;-0.34;;ministry sources said prime minister narendramodi had stressed on this drive at a recent meeting with the hrd minister and ministry officials.
;;0.0;;thus it is that since narendramodi became the all-powerful chief minister of gujarat and subsequently the all-powerful prime minister of india, the relationship between him and the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh has never been smooth.
;;0.0;;the rss gave to young narendramodi a sense of belonging and bestowed on his life a meaning.
;;0.0;;nadvi will request prime minister narendramodi to withhold or withdraw the bill.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during a meeting with singaporean prime minister lee hsien loong, at istana (presidential palace), in singapore on friday, june 01, 2018.
;;0.5574;;1 (pti): prime minister narendramodi and his singaporean counterpart lee hsien loong on friday agreed to deepen the bilateral economic ties and build on defence cooperation as the two sides signed eight agreements including one on logistics cooperation between their navies.
;;0.4767;;sanjeev kumar vermapatna: prime minister narendramodi was not present at the launch of bihar's third agriculture roadmap on thursday but featured prominently- by mention and omission - in the political subtext that played out at the event.
;;0.0;;he then linked the third roadmap to the goal set by narendramodi to double farmers' incomes by 2022.
;;0.6369;;he then said the joint efforts of narendramodi and nitish were bound to ensure bihar's growth.
;;0.9274;;1: prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the hornbill festival today, saying it was a world famous event that offers a taste of the rich and vibrant naga cultural heritage in all its ethnicity, diversity and grandeur.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi had proposed sumitras name and bjp veteran l.k. advani seconded him, as had many of the nda and opposition parties.
;;-0.6369;;while the congress in delhi left it to singh to clarify, the party's maharashtra secretary and civil rights activist shehzad poonawalla sought to counter the campaign against the former chief minister with the question whether prime minister narendramodi would also be considered guilty by the same token since he had shared the stage with asaram bapu who is in jail for sexual assault.
;;-0.6124;;our special correspondentnew delhi: the congress on wednesday accused the narendramodi government of interfering in the judicial process by pressuring the cbi against filing an appeal against the acquittal of bjp president amit shah in the sohrabuddin sheikh fake encounter case.
;;0.0;;singh asked if prime minister narendramodi would answer why the government was directly interfering in the case and the judicial process.
;;0.0;;the home ministry today sent a report to prime minister narendramodi on the situation prevailing in the violence-affected area.
;;-0.7579;;29: narendramodi today made a controversial allegation about nawaz sharif having referred to manmohan singh as a village woman in a private joke and construed this as an insult, an interpretation that could be seen as prejudicial to women and villagers.
;;0.738;;patna university, which last year completed 100 years of inception, did not even bother to apply for ranking despite prime minister narendramodi asking the university to compete globally and be counted among the world's best institutions.
;;0.069;;prime minister narendramodi has not fulfilled any of his promises in three-and-a-half years of holding office, the rjd chief alleged.
;;-0.7351;;he said the country is going through a dangerous situation due to dual attack from the narendramodi government - demonetisation and gst (goods and services tax).
;;-0.2263;;our special correspondentnew delhi: finance minister arun jaitley on monday rejected manmohan singh's demand for an apology from prime minister narendramodi and sought details of what happened at the secret meeting, which he termed a misadventure.
;;0.0314;;gandhi ki state mein itne ghotale hain (there are so many scandals in gandhis state), he said, the comments in sharp contrast with hazares earlier praise of chief minister narendramodi for his rural development work.
;;-0.4404;;ray, who held meetings with block development officers and circle officers, in his meeting referred to prime minister narendramodi modis call to conserve water and said ranchi district administration would now campaign to conserve rainwater across the district.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi told party mps that parliamentarians' practice of hiking their salaries used to invite criticism, so his government had acted.
;;0.2732;;pradeep gyawali said the nepal government had started preparations as it expects prime minister narendramodi as well as chinese president xi jinping to visit the country this year.
;;-0.5106;;in 2015, prime minister narendramodi had described the scheme as a living monument to the previous upa governments failure.
;;-0.4576;;7: aicc general secretary v. narayanasamy today took a swipe at prime minister narendramodi and the nda government for trying to claim the legacy of sardar vallabhbhai patel and totally ignoring jawaharlal nehru, indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi.
;;-0.5859;;the rally, which kicked off the bjp's anti-corruption week and protested the insult of prime minister narendramodi by trinamul, was held at esplanade's y channel after a march from college square.
;;-0.4588;;let the matter be settled in the people's court whether narendramodi has done wrong or you have; whether the bjp is right or tinamul.
;;-0.5267;;but the unity that the opposition combine had put up in the winter session of parliament and later threatens to be disrupted by the kashmir march and the presence of narendramodi and varun gandhi at the executive.
;;-0.6038;;rjd mlas accused prime minister narendramodi of hatching a conspiracy to do away with quota and said a first step in this direction was taken by not arguing strongly in the case related to changing provisions of the sc/st act.
;;0.4019;;they slammed the narendramodi government and demanded that it file a review petition in the supreme court.
;;0.0;;p.a. sangma and narendramodi shillong, june 1: veteran parliamentarian purno agitok sangma has urged prime minister narendramodi to issue multipurpose identity cards to indian citizens as a mechanism to check infiltration to the northeast.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi, may 10: the congress today moved privilege motions against prime minister narendramodi in both houses of parliament, accusing him of telling lies about an italian court indicting sonia gandhi in the agustawestland helicopter kickbacks scandal.
;;0.7351;;we want our police to adopt the smart-police concept, envisaged by prime minister narendramodi , and establish it as the best in the country.
;;0.4767;;amrut was launched by prime minister narendramodi in june 2015 with focus on urban development to establish infrastructure that would ensure proper sewerage management, water supply, and sanitation.
;;0.1877;;aware that prime minister narendramodi had called his government a  soi hui sarkar (a government in deep slumber) in 2016, naveen told his ministers that his government had been able to present a government before the people that believed in work and not in propaganda.
;;-0.4019;;the chief minister, who is scheduled to meet prime minister narendramodi and the finance minister arun jaitley tomorrow, complained that bengal, counted among the three most debt-ridden states along with bihar and punjab, was not being helped out appropriately by the centre.
;;-0.6249;;new delhi, may 2: prime minister narendramodi today told his australian counterpart malcolm turnbull that india was concerned by a new visa regime introduced by canberra that is expected to hit indian skilled workers in that country the worst.
;;0.0;;he suggested that focus should be laid on mobilising local groups in social services, developing the border areas, implementing the act east policy announced by prime minister narendramodi during his first visit to the northeast in november 2014, and introducing panchayati raj in the sixth schedule areas.
;;0.0;;25 lakh crore economic package that prime minister narendramodi had announced in 2015.
;;-0.6249;;he refused to answer questions on his attacks on the narendramodi government at the centre during the period nitish was not with the nda.
;;0.0;;the first words of narendramodi , the bjps prime minister candidate, at a recent rally here were on tania.
;;-0.8316;;trinamul leaders said the mellowed attitude was in sharp contrast to the chief minister's approach during her anti-demonetisation movement, when she had publicly accused prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah of trying to murder her after the flight she was travelling from patna had a delayed landing.
;;-0.4215;;paswan said he recently met prime minister narendramodi with 100 mps belong to sc/sts and during modi assured them that reservations would only be done away with over his dead body.
;;0.3612;;kerry, in his address at the iit, credited prime minister narendramodi for a series of economic reforms that he said would further bolster trade ties between india and the us.
;;0.4939;;the land boundary agreement was signed between india and bangladesh during the visit of prime minister narendramodi to bangladesh in june 2015.
;;0.6486;;new delhi, june 15: cpm general secretary sitaram yechury today wrote to prime minister narendramodi seeking a law to ensure farmers had the right to sell at the government-fixed minimum support price (msp).
;;-0.2263;;he demanded to know what the understanding between prime ministers narendramodi and nawaz sharif was when they met in late may.
;;0.7094;;at the brics summit in xiamen last september president xi jinping said to prime minister narendramodi , sound and stable china-india relations conform to the fundamental interests of both peoples and are common expectation of the region and the international communityboth countries should see each other as development opportunities but not threats.
;;0.509;;one does not have to agree with everything a party mp says, said bjp leader sushil kumar modi, stressing that he had never heard the term love jihad from either narendramodi or rajnath singh.
;;0.7579;;till that election, nitish was successful in convincing the bjp leadership to keep then gujarat chief minister narendramodi away from the state.
;;0.3818;;he alleged that soon after the narendramodi government came to power at the centre in 2014 and the sarbananda sonowal government assumed power in assam in may this year, the bjp had started making u-turns on all its promises.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi and chief minister sarbananda sonowal made promises to bring down prices of all commodities soon after they assumed power, bora said.
;;0.0;;he said when prime minister narendramodi addressed a rally in jamua under koderma lok sabha seat on april 29, lakhs of people heard him even in the scorching heat.
;;0.0;;una samiti sources said this was possibly because prime minister narendramodi was scheduled to land an hour later for his birthday events slated for tomorrow.
;;0.6486;;new delhi, july 22: foreign minister sushma swaraj will this weekend fly to nepal with a plane-load of promises rooted in prime minister narendramodi modis desire to reassert indias clout in its neighbourhood.
;;0.0772;;5 (pti): underlining that fighting corruption and black money is key to effective financial governance, prime minister narendramodi today asked g20 leaders to act to eliminate safe havens for economic offenders, unconditionally extradite money launderers and end excessive banking secrecy that hide the corrupt.
;;0.0;;and yet i take prime minister narendramodi at his word?
;;-0.6124;;in the aftermath of pakistans retaliation, prime minister narendramodi and other ministers and the bjp went ahead with their scheduled programmes but none commented on the latest development that forced the shutdown of airports across north india.
;;0.2023;;most of the country's top politicians, including prime minister narendramodi and chief minister nitish kumar, would be invited.
;;0.0;;soon after, prime minister narendramodi in his radio address mann ki baat announced that india will soon register a presence on the moon through the chandrayaan-2.
;;0.0;;new delhi, june 11: prime minister narendramodi softened the sneer he had reserved for the congress in his pre-poll blitz.
;;-0.8316;;in a recent interview to times now, prime minister narendramodi had stressed that the bill needed to be passed immediately not because it was an economic reform but because its absence meant loss for the poor of uttar pradesh, bihar, west bengal, odisha and assam.
;;0.0;;she took a dig at bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis repeated corruption barb against the congress.
;;0.0;;one who lives in a glass castle, should abstain from throwing stones at others because narendramodi modis ministry is filled with corrupt ministers, she said.
;;-0.4019;;nepal students nineteen students from nepal were inducted into a three-week crash course of calcutta university on indian history, economy, political science and science and technology under the new bharat-nepal shiksha maitri karyakram, which prime minister narendramodi had proposed during his nepal visit in april.
;;0.6369;;our legal correspondentnew delhi: the supreme court has refused to entertain a defamation plea against a media house for a news report that suggested ysr congress chief y.s. jagan mohan reddy had recently met prime minister narendramodi in an apparent bid to dilute the cases against the andhra politician.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi condoled her demise.
;;0.296;;(pti) new delhi, april 23: prime minister narendramodi today asked all the states to reach out to kashmiri students studying in their institutions, apparently trying to salvage the bjp-pdp alliance and soothe frayed nerves in the valley.
;;0.8591;;organising secretary sunil elangbam read out a message from prime minister narendramodi which said that it is a great moment for the sportspersons of the northeast to showcase their talent and to promote sport.
;;0.7717;;the president had been greeted by prime minister narendramodi with a bear hug in washington last june, and the two leaders have frequently discussed greater military cooperation and ramping up trade.
;;-0.7684;;but rajnath talked about the 2002 gujarat violence and the allegations against narendramodi , the bjps candidate for prime minister.
;;-0.1779;;rajbhar has in recent months expressed disappointment with prime minister narendramodi for not doing anything for the most backward castes and not fulfilling his 2014 campaign promises.
;;-0.4215;;picture by manoj kumarpatna: the opposition on saturday hit the streets in patna, protesting against runaway fuel prices and burning effigies of prime minister narendramodi on a day his government completes four years at the centre.
;;-0.6808;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday chose to pick up the agustawestland shield to battle the offensive of the congress on rafale rather than answer queries that have been rattling his government both inside and outside parliament for a while now.
;;-0.128;;7: a chinese court today ordered the deportation of 13 indian merchants held since january last year on the charge of smuggling diamonds, triggering competing claims for credit for their release from gujarat chief minister narendramodi and the foreign ministry.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had declared open nrl's wax plant on february 5 at a public function in dibrugarh.
;;0.6486;;the meeting was seen as his first major bid to reach out to the opposition in his second term (pti)prime minister narendramodi is said to have invoked national importance to push his pet idea of one-country-one-election at an all-party meeting that many opposition parties skipped on wednesday.
;;-0.5267;;picture by jai prakashrjd chief lalu prasad on thursday tore into prime minister narendramodi , accusing him of neglecting real development and instead laying down the proverbial red carpet for foreign firms.
;;-0.1779;;there is not a single achievement of prime minister narendramodi and his government has failed to deliver on the promises made during the lok sabha election.
;;-0.4939;;kathmandu: a bomb exploded on sunday at the office of a hydroelectricity project being developed with indian assistance in eastern nepal, an official said, weeks before its inauguration by prime minister narendramodi on may 11.
;;0.0;;apprime minister narendramodi on thursday said a new era of development would begin in arunachal pradesh if the bjp is voted back to power.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will have to come off the high horse and mend relations with the allies.
;;0.5837;;new delhi, may 20: prime minister narendramodi will follow his upcoming iran visit with quick trips to two of that country's biggest strategic rivals - qatar and the us - in a diplomatic balancing act to ensure that new delhi's handshake with tehran does not upset other key partnerships.
;;-0.3612;;he accused prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah of reneging on a promise to him to provide a separate quota for the mbcs within the other backward classes quota, and asked a crowd whether he should dump the bjp.
;;0.0;;the bjps official twitter handle, @bjp4india, follows two persons only  prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;-0.4019;;the joint army exercise coincides with prime minister narendramodi modis current tour to asean countries and australia during which nations disputing the south china sea have been watching indias moves in the region where chinas presence has a large profile.
;;0.4019;;the congress, which has mounted a hectic campaign to dislodge the long-ruling bharatiya janata party in the home state of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, has been wooing hardik for quite some time.
;;0.0;;saying that the rainwater harvesting mission is the brainchild of prime minister narendramodi , the chief minister urged the people and the officials concerned to find ways to harvest the rainwater for farming purposes during the lean season.
;;0.8957;;trump, modidanang (vietnam): us president donald trump on friday praised india's astounding growth after it opened up its economy and lauded prime minister narendramodi , saying he has been working successfully to bring the vast country and its people together.
;;0.6249;;out in the public domain, everyone knew that the congress would be reduced to double digits and that narendramodi , who had spent time out in the field engaging with an india hungry for information,would garner a complete majority for the bharatiya janata party.
;;0.0;;the reason is narendramodi modi.
;;0.0;;thousands of people thronged the streets leading to patyasa ground off national highway 57 to catch a glimpse of bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi and brought life to a standstill.
;;-0.3818;;the congress has been losing one state after another in the northeast since the bjp, led by narendramodi , came to power at the centre in 2014.
;;-0.7096;;even the president of india is now talking about it, but prime minister narendramodi has not uttered a word on this saga of corruption, cheating and connivance of his people.
;;0.0772;;he said at a time when prime minister narendramodi has directed the union road, transport and highways minister nitin gadkari to take special steps for the development of roads and bridges in the northeast, dispurs indifference was questionable.
;;-0.2263;;18 (pti): lok sabha proceedings were adjourned for the second day on monday amid congress protests over insinuations by prime minister narendramodi against his predecessor manmohan singh even as the government managed to introduce five bills in the ruckus.
;;0.7003;;28: the supreme court today declined to restrain the narendramodi government from claiming success over the september 29 surgical strikes across the line of control.
;;-0.25;;the top court dismissed a petition seeking prosecution of prime minister narendramodi , defence minister manohar parrikar and bjp chief amit shah under the prevention of corruption act.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during an election campaign for lok sabha polls, at taherpur city of ranaghat in nadia, on april 24, 2019.
;;-0.0258;;(pti)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asserted that the scales have been tilted in favour of the ruling nda in the first four phases of the general elections, and the remaining three would determine the magnitude of its victory and the opposition's defeat.
;;0.0;;on may 18, he put out a picture of prime minister narendramodi sitting in the kedarnath cave resort, his eyes shut.
;;0.8625;;the gujarat team led by chief secretary a.k. joti voiced chief minister narendramodi modis charge that the nctc was a ploy by the centre to give the intelligence bureau a free hand in the states.
;;0.0;;gogoi barb guwahati: assam chief minister tarun gogoi on friday alleged if narendramodi became prime minister, corporate houses would run the country.
;;0.6192;;while the court order has to be implemented, naqvi said prime minister narendramodi was of the view that the subsidy phase-out should not affect the poor who were keen on the haj.
;;0.0;;our correspondentbhubaneswar: maoist-dominated district malkangiri is all set to get railway connectivity with cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , on tuesday approving a 130-km-long jeypore-malkangiri new line project.
;;0.25;;12 crore additional jobs were created in three years under the pradhan mantri mudra yojana, a scheme prime minister narendramodi cites to defend his record on employment generation, sources have told the telegraph.
;;0.2186;;picture by gopal krushna reddyberhampur: prime minister narendramodi may consider selling pakoda a suitable job for millions, but the tragedy of award-winning bodybuilder and four-time mr odisha rashmi ranjan sahoo is sure to many most sports lovers of the state.
;;0.0;;13: the bjp today held up purported precedents to defend the khadi and village industries commission's decision to replace mahatma gandhi's image with that of prime minister narendramodi on its calendar and diary.
;;-0.7964;;supporters of students federation of india (sfi) staged semi-nude protests, wearing white axomiya dhoti, generally worn during funerals, and took out a mock funeral procession of bjp leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , union minister of state for railways rajen gohain, chief minister sarbananda sonowal, mps bijoya chakravarty, pradan baruah, rameshwar teli, ramen deka, r.p. sarma.
;;0.2263;;we attack prime minister narendramodi over our ideological differences, but on his birthday i and my father always greet him, he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had laid the foundation for the project last year on october 22, vijaya dashami, and work has not begun yet.
;;-0.5423;;meanwhile, the all india bank officers' confederation has suggested to prime minister narendramodi that banking reforms should focus on the objectives of nationalisation and initiate stringent measures for recovery of bad loans.
;;0.5994;;k.m. rakeshprakash rajbangalore: actor and social activist prakash raj on friday lashed out at the bjp for casting aspersions on congress president rahul gandhi's visits to temples and urged the ruling party to question its own leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , over their frequent trips to places of worship.
;;0.8505;;as the prime minister, narendramodi , gets ready to address the us congress next month, washington and delhi need to find a better way of managing pakistan so that the positive trajectory of their bilateral ties does not feel an impact.
;;0.0;;in a pre-election project inauguration spree, prime minister narendramodi had on february 24 laid the foundation stone of the project which will be built over the next four years.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi chairs the 3rd governing council meet of the niti aayog, in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi chaired the meeting in new delhi today.
;;0.0;;the source further said a large number of chief ministers are attending the meeting because prime minister narendramodi had refused to allow their official representatives to participate in the deliberations.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi also promised to revive the mills before the 2016 assembly polls.
;;0.5598;;i do not understand the need for this (dropping him) when narendramodi has a personality and when he is so popular, pathak said today.
;;0.5719;;naveen missivebhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik on tuesday urged prime minster narendramodi to expedite the construction of national institute of new energy and innovation in bhubaneswar by allocating necessary funds for the purpose.
;;0.6808;;scientist c.n.r. rao, honoured with the bharat ratna recently, had written to prime minister narendramodi supporting the demand.
;;0.0;;a memorandum was submitted to prime minister narendramodi through the deputy commissioners office, kokrajhar, on their plight.
;;0.743;;in order to build esprit de corps, prime minister narendramodi has invited presidents of all those parties who have an mp in the lok sabha or rajya sabha for a meeting on june 19 (pti)chairing an all-party meeting on the eve of the first session of the new lok sabha, prime minister narendramodi on sunday invited heads of all parties to a meeting on june 19 to discuss the one nation, one election issue and other important matters.
;;0.7982;;the sacrifices of our brave security personnel shall not go in vain, prime minister narendramodi tweeted on thursday evening, calling the massacre despicable and dastardly.
;;0.4939;;before leaving for new delhi on sunday to meet prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh and president pranab mukherjee, chief minister biren singh said in imphal that his government was committed to safeguarding manipur's boundaries.
;;0.0772;;i want to ask prime minister narendramodi through these mps and mlas what happened to his slogan of sabka saath, sabka vikas, ali says aloud.
;;0.0;;the call comes at a time the bengal chief minister, spearheading efforts to cobble the opposition alliance, is on a tour of north bengal and the darjeeling hills and ahead of a rally prime minister narendramodi is slated to address in siliguri next month.
;;0.0516;;asked to explain the hostility as prime minister narendramodi was himself chairing a government committee to celebrate nehrus 125th anniversary, the leader said: this goes without saying, india knows what they think of nehru.
;;0.0;;we will send the memorandum to prime minister narendramodi and chief minister sarbananda sonowal, he said.
;;0.0;;15: narendramodi is likely to unveil a gandhi statue that britain wants to install at parliament square next year, but that could be just one half of the prime ministers london tryst with the mahatma.
;;-0.25;;shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, yuva sena chief aditya thackeray and rashmi thackeray offer prayers during saryu aarti at a ghat in ayodhya on saturday (pti)the chief of restive ally shiv sena on saturday compared prime minister narendramodi to ravans brother kumbhakaran, a character in the ramayan who slept six months at a stretch, deriding his governments inaction on building the promised ram temple in ayodhya.
;;-0.5719;;file picturenew delhi: praveen togadia, the fiery hindutva leader who had been targeting prime minister narendramodi , was on saturday ousted from the vishwa hindu parishad after an unprecedented election in which his nominee lost.
;;-0.3491;;the msp rose by 32 per cent during the upa regime but did not increase any after 2014 when prime minister narendramodi and his bjp formed the government at the centre, gohil added.
;;0.2023;;picture by ramakant kushwaha new delhi, july 9: narendramodi modis closest aide amit anilchandra shah was crowned bjp president this afternoon in an abbreviated ceremony that was as inconsequential as the political subtext of the elevation was significant.
;;0.0;;bjp sources said tonight that the partys prime ministerial candidate narendramodi could address a rally in bengal early next month to campaign for candidates.
;;0.8442;;our special correspondentnew delhi: the congress has said if morality and accountability are still virtues in indian politics, prime minister narendramodi should resign and apologise to the nation for the demonetisation demon instead of celebrating the unpardonable blunder.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday highlighted three points in the election's campaign and outcome.
;;0.4019;;that the need is mutual in case of the bjd is evident from the fact that chief minister naveen patnaik ensured the presence of all the 24 lok sabha and rajya sabha mps of the party while meeting prime minister narendramodi in delhi on monday.
;;0.128;;our correspondentbhubaneswar: a woman on wednesday tweeted chief minister naveen patnaik's office and also prime minister narendramodi to seek justice for her elder sister, who was allegedly molested in the janshatabdi express on her way from cuttack to bengal's kharagpur last sunday.
;;0.0516;;jagannath temple bhubaneswar, may 13: chief minister naveen patnaik today urged prime minister narendramodi to personally intervene and save the shri jagannath temple, the 12th century shrine, before any unfortunate incident takes place.
;;-0.8271;;congress communications chief randeep surjewala asked prime minister narendramodi if he would sack sarma, who had abused cancer patients and their families.
;;0.0;;a clash was reported between akali and aap volunteers in faridkot's kotkapura where prime minister narendramodi had addressed an election rally last sunday.
;;-0.6705;;22: prime minister narendramodi today echoed the opposition's kashmir narrative by talking about dialogue and referring to the youths killed in the valley as ours and not just stone-pelters.
;;-0.2755;;after the aap government announced the plan, sreedharan wrote to prime minister narendramodi on june 10 asking him not to agree to the aap governments proposal.
;;0.0;;screenshots of the site's home page, which went viral on social media, show expletive filled messages and even a meme of prime minister narendramodi with german chancellor angela merkel.
;;0.34;;new delhi, june 23: prime minister narendramodi will take monthly briefings from each of the three military chiefs turning on its head the upas policy of keeping the armed forces away from the centre of decision-making on security policy.
;;0.7184;;obama told prime minister narendramodi that he would continue to remain a strong partner of india and help in any way i can even after leaving office, officials present at their meeting on the margins of the east asia summit in vientiane, laos, said.
;;0.0;;students watch prime minister narendramodi on screen as he speaks during a nationwide address to schoolchildren during teachers day in ahmedabad on friday.
;;0.0772;;not a single government school in ahmedabad had arranged to beam the speech or asked students to stay back and listen to narendramodi , despite all the hullabaloo over whether attendance was mandatory or voluntary.
;;0.7783;;our special correspondentnarendra modinew delhi: the congress alleged on wednesday that prime minister narendramodi and the bjp were responsible for dragging the national political discourse into the gutter and that they had also succeeded in mainstreaming the fringe in a short span of time.
;;-0.5859;;the comments came on a day a bjp veteran likened rahul gandhi to medieval sultans like alauddin khilji and aurangzeb while a minister sought to portray narendramodi as the victim of maximum abuse.
;;-0.7506;;countering the congress's attack, union minister rajyavardhan singh rathore said that if somebody has been abused the most after independence, it is narendramodi modi.
;;0.4019;;a seven-year-old boy from chakradharpur, west singhbhum, 85km from jamshedpur, who has thalassaemia, took up pencil and paper to write to prime minister narendramodi seeking monetary help for his treatment and studies.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi had visited visakhapatnam, which is located close to odisha and had announced an interim relief of rs 1,000 crore for andhra pradesh.
;;0.0;;nscn (i-m) sources said the next round of talks would be held after the visit of prime minister narendramodi to nagaland on november 30 and december 1.
;;0.0258;;25: chief minister nitish kumar today amplified his attack on both bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi and the congress, indicating that his party would have no truck with sonia gandhis party.
;;0.6808;;we hope the new government led by narendramodi will help the institution built by rabindranath tagore, said sabujkali sen, the chairperson of the varsitys media interface committee.
;;0.4019;;25: prime minister narendramodi has ramped up efforts for a more sustained connect with his party, the bjp.
;;0.7096;;josh was high among first-time voters in ranchi on vote day monday, with prime minister narendramodi a clear favourite among youngsters sold on his poll rhetoric as a strong chowkidar to the nation.
;;0.0;;lelin mallickrampage: youth congress activists pull down a hoarding featuring prime minister narendramodi at a petrol pump in bhubaneswar on sunday.
;;-0.5719;;picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the state youth congress took out their anger for rising fuel prices on a poster of prime minister narendramodi at a petrol pump in khandagiri's delta square on sunday.
;;-0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah  teacher and disciple will lose their sleep after learning that the sp and the bsp are ready to contest together, mayawati said.
;;0.0;;india prime minister narendramodi too paid tribute to the deceased cricketer.
;;0.0;;sangma, who is leaving for new delhi tomorrow to seek an audience with prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh, however, did not spell out the proposed agenda, though the current law and order situation in the state would be high on it.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi modis idea of celebrating good governance day on christmas fizzled into political tokenism as his government, under fire from the opposition and minority groups over the move, largely avoided involving the administrative machinery to avert further controversy.
;;-0.6124;;pradeep kumar patni jain, a small savings postal agent, dashed off two letters to prime minister narendramodi complaining about the inordinate delay in receiving passport for his minor daughter and about his apprehensions that postal agents would be dispensed with following the conversion of post offices into post banks.
;;0.25;;suffice it to say that as per the price details, the official respondents ( prime minister narendramodi and others ) claim there is a commercial advantage in the purchase of 36 rafale aircrafts.
;;-0.8957;;file picturenew delhi: the centre on tuesday tried to cut its losses on the information and broadcasting ministry's bid to blacklist accredited journalists in the name of fake news, withdrawing the late-night announcement and seeking to insulate prime minister narendramodi from criticism by projecting it as a decision of minister smriti irani alone.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said bjp legislator akash vijayvargiya should be sacked along with his supporters for his unacceptable cricket-bat assault on a civic official but there was no official announcement till late in the evening on whether and how the party planned to walk the talk.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi chaired the meeting.
;;0.6808;;welcoming the centre's decision of the for sanctioning the railway project for bihar, deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi said: the narendramodi government at the centre is paying special attention to the development of bihar and apart from new projects the central government has also sanctioned funds for several of the pending projects of the past for the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi released the management effectiveness evaluation reports of tiger reserves in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;they also submitted a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi through the deputy commissioner.
;;0.743;;14: as prime minister narendramodi appears to reinvent and reinforce indias relations with its immediate neighbours, parliamentarians from the northeast are hopeful that the nda government would operate the act east policy to benefit the region.
;;0.0;;she cited how the congress had two years ago slammed chief minister narendramodi for a similar picture mismatch.
;;-0.5423;;narendra modi guwahati, june 16: an umbrella organisation of over 5,000 families of militancy victims in assam, terror victims family forum, has moved prime minister narendramodi with an appeal to toughen his stand against outfits and provide them justice.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will get a fitting reply from people, sahay said.
;;0.0;;we planned to organise the rally yesterday across the northeast, but did not get permission because of bjp leader narendramodi modis visit.
;;0.0772;;todays clarification came after tamil nadu chief minister jayalalithaa wrote to prime minister narendramodi , saying the circular makes the use of hindi mandatory and english optional.
;;0.0;;arunachal pradesh became the first northeastern state, after assam, to have broad-gauge rail connectivity directly to its capital city when prime minister narendramodi flagged off the first air-conditioned express train from naharlagun station on february 20, 2015.
;;0.0;;new delhi, july 24: prime minister narendramodi has lined up back-to-back summit meetings with his japanese counterpart shinzo abe and chinese president xi jinping in a tightrope walk between two crucial allies that are both trying to wean india away from the other.
;;-0.2732;;sinha, a critic of the narendramodi government, said he had given the first copy of his book to president ram nath kovind (but) i couldn't give it to prime minister narendramodi as it hadn't come out when i last met him.
;;0.2023;;picture by sanjeev kumar vermapatna: bjp patna sahib mp shatrughan sinha has once again taken objection to something prime minister narendramodi has done - this time, the aurangzeb raj jab over rahul gandhi's ascendance to the top post of the congress.
;;0.6369;;it's my earnest appeal, on behalf of the people of nagaland and as the governor, to the outfit (and other groups in the united front) to come forward for talks as prime minister narendramodi has the political will to solve their problems.
;;0.7096;;the congress on wednesday sent out a loud message that its chowkidar chor hai slogan would remain the mainstay of its campaign against prime minister narendramodi , aware that rahul gandhis apology in the supreme court might create misgivings in peoples minds.
;;0.0;;2: two bengal education department officials were today showcaused for allegedly posting on the departments website that schools in three districts would have to make arrangements for the broadcast of prime minister narendramodi modis interactive session with students on teachers day.
;;0.4939;;thapar asked javadekar whether prime minister narendramodi was also philosophically and ideologically in agreement with his line of thinking.
;;0.4019;;snehamoy chakrabortynarendra modisantiniketan: visva-bharati will seek the help of the chancellor and prime minister narendramodi to preserve its heritage, including the structures and sculptures, and ashram culture.
;;-0.5574;;will rob 'guru-chela'  prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah  of their sleep.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday lauded sikkim for bagging the gold at the future policy award in rome for being the worlds first totally organic state, but made no mention of chief minister pawan chamling who is credited with helming the green mission.
;;-0.1901;;patel is understood to have also paid a courtesy call to prime minister narendramodi , but is not believed to have discussed the nitty-gritty of any peace offering made by north block in its running battle with the rbi.
;;0.0;;bhagalpur, march 11: prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to flag off the inaugural run of a freight train on the 3.
;;0.0;;(prashant mitra) ranchi, may 5: jharkhand today became the second bjp-ruled state after madhya pra-desh to shift to the january-december fiscal year from 2018, close on the heels of prime minister narendramodi last month indicating his preference for the january-december calendar over the existing april-march one.
;;0.0;;on april 23, prime minister narendramodi made a pitch to shift the financial year to january-december at a niti aayog's governing council meeting in new delhi.
;;0.3182;;its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi has been drawing huge crowd all over the country.
;;-0.4767;;on thursday, mevani tweeted a video clip of prime minister narendramodi saying attack me, not my dalit brothers.
;;-0.4215;;15: former assam chief minister tarun gogoi today criticised prime minister narendramodi after the replacement of mahatma gandhis picture from the kvic calendar and diary with that of modis.
;;0.0;;picture by prashant mitrachief minister raghubar das on saturday registered for the main function of international yoga day on june 21 at prabhat tara grounds in dhurwa here, where prime minister narendramodi will perform yoga with 35,000 people.
;;-0.4939;;our special correspondentlucknow: an engineering student from rae bareli has written a letter to prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath in her blood, seeking protection from her alleged rapist so that she can continue her studies.
;;0.0;;nirav, 46, can be seen in a group photo of prime minister narendramodi with a galaxy of indian ceos in davos for the world economic forum, taken on january 23.
;;0.0;;amit shah and arun jaitley (right) display the du degree certificate of prime minister narendramodi at the news conference in new delhi on monday.
;;-0.3612;;(ramakant kushwaha) new delhi, may 9: narendramodi earned his ba (pass) degree from delhi university in the third division in 1978 through a correspondence course after twice flunking his exams, mark sheets released by the bjp at a news conference today revealed.
;;0.5106;;(pti)making a strong pitch for the citizenship (amendment) bill , prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that his government would stand with the children of maa bharti who have faced persecution in pakistan, afghanistan and bangladesh.
;;-0.2263;;18: the uri attack might keep manohar parrikar away from his pet retreat - panaji - with a government source saying narendramodi had conveyed to his defence minister he would have to be more involved with developments on the border.
;;0.0;;he said he had apprised prime minister narendramodi about this development.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi today called hasina and promised help in fighting terror, as did japan and the us.
;;0.0;;inaugurating the session on act east and india's northeast: how to reap the dividend at nehu multi-convention hall here, meghalaya governor v. shanmuganathan said prime minister narendramodi had made southeast asian neighbours a foreign policy priority.
;;-0.1027;;15: prime minister narendramodi today backed the inflation target of 4 per cent as he vowed to keep food inflation under check and ensure that the poor man's food plate does not become expensive.
;;0.1531;;among them was prime minister narendramodi , who tweeted: birthday wishes to odisha cm shri naveen patnaik.
;;0.0258;;silchar, june 13: various organisations of assam today expressed concern over the unrest in bangladesh, urging prime minister narendramodi to take up the matter with his counterpart in the neighbouring country, sheikh hasina.
;;0.4939;;the festival that featured cultural events and musicians from different countries had been inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi and had received congratulatory messages from president pranab mukherjee, then kerala chief minister oommen chandy, and several global leaders.
;;0.0;;kathmandu: prime minister narendramodi is likely to visit nepal soon after a new government takes office, a leader of the cpn-uml left alliance said on sunday.
;;0.0;;but, the resettlement colony for those who gave up their homestead land for the project is yet to come up, while the refinery that was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on february 7 has already started operations.
;;0.0;;picture by indrajit roysantiniketan: visva-bharati has decided to present a replica of the first edition of rabindranath tagore's anthology of poems - gitanjali - published in 1912 in london, among other souvenirs, to prime minister narendramodi during his visit to santiniketan on may 25.
;;0.0;;(from top) bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina, chief minister mamata banerjee and prime minister narendramodi will be present at the visva-bharati convocationmodi will also be presented with a cd with half a dozen tagore songs, sung by sangeet bhavana students, including the two he mentioned in his speech in a mann ki baat programme.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi on friday claimed that the world was cheering for india and appeared to link it to the peoples decision to vote in a stable government in 2014.
;;0.4019;;lavasa had dissented on a series of clean chits given by the ec to prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah on their speeches during the election campaign.
;;0.0;;picture by prem singhjind (haryana): bjp chief amit shah on thursday publicly congratulated the prime minister for providing a corruption-free government, on a day a photograph of nirav modi in the same frame with prime minister narendramodi emerged.
;;0.0;;calcutta, may 29: the bengal bjp has taken to facebook to build a bridge between prime minister narendramodi and the people of bengal.
;;0.5423;;importantly, it also encourages banks to increase their deposits at the rbi, setting up the rbi to start withdrawing some of the big cash pile accumulated in the banking system since prime minister narendramodi in november banned the circulation of big currency-notes.
;;0.3612;;last year, chief minister nitish kumar had assured prime minister narendramodi that the police stations across bihar would start registration of firs online by the end of next july.
;;0.4019;;they are actually trying to help the bjp come to power led by narendramodi , adhir, the junior minister for railways, alleged.
;;0.2023;;before the plenary session, the main summit will be in the form of a retreat conducted exclusively by prime minister narendramodi at rashtrapati bhavan where the 11 heads of state will interact on subjects of mutual concern, particularly the future of india as part of asean.
;;0.7506;;the party's attack comes at a time the chief minister and prime minister narendramodi have displayed bonhomie in public - modi's praise for nitish at the prakash utsav celebrations and nitish's support for demonetisation - but a senior bjp leader said: though the pm has praised nitish on prohibition, we are in the opposition and we have to counter the government.
;;0.4404;;tributes poured in for the veteran leader, with prime minister narendramodi saying he was frank and fearless and never deviated from his ideology.
;;0.2732;;the security restrictions were imposed on the list of attendees at the centenary celebrations because prime minister narendramodi was the chief guest.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi stirred the teacup in north bengal and reaped a storm in calcutta on friday.
;;0.2732;;india has decided to impose a retaliatory tariff on 29 us products, including almonds, apples, walnuts and pulses, from june 16  sending out a strong signal ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis meeting with us president donald trump later this month.
;;-0.6705;;(pti) shillong, may 7: prime minister narendramodi today lamented the poor performance of cities and towns in the northeast in the recent swachh survekshan 2017 saying his government's intention was to turn the region into a gateway to southeast asia.
;;0.3612;;our correspondentstage set: a 72ft by 24ft dais being readied on thursday in baliapur, near dhanbad, where prime minister narendramodi will be seated along with chief minister raghubar das and other dignitaries to inaugurate big-ticket projects worth rs 27,000 crore during his visit to jharkhand on friday afternoon.
;;0.2732;;it is a cheap publicity stunt by prime minister narendramodi to appease the masses.
;;0.4215;;a young graduate, biswajit pradhan, 25, who aspires for a government job, said: when prime minister narendramodi came up with the idea of mps adopting model villages and our village was chosen as one, our hopes had soared.
;;0.3291;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah have been silent on a ram temple but sources hinted the two were weighing options amid a growing clamour for a law or ordinance to clear the decks for a shrine at the disputed spot.
;;0.0;;p.b.m. basaiawmoit said a letter would be sent to prime minister narendramodi tomorrow, which would include a five-point recommendation.
;;0.4019;;the announcement had come after differences in the party over projecting him against narendramodi and rahul gandhi in the race for prime minister.
;;0.4019;;27: bjp leader narendramodi today indicated that he would support the goods and services tax (gst), after having stone-walled the upa governments efforts to bring in the tax for nearly a decade.
;;0.6908;;lovely hailed the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and shah, saying the two leaders had given a new definition to politics.
;;0.3818;;kotak also warned that though prime minister narendramodi modis financial inclusion scheme jan dhan was visionary, there remained a lot of challenges in its execution.
;;-0.5719;;13: the congress-backed national students union of india has showcaused members of its jnu unit who burnt effigies of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah on dussehra, going on the defensive under an avalanche of media condemnation.
;;-0.859;;decorations in towns and villages are not as grand like before and the reason according to the people is dire financial constraints, partly blaming the centre for not bailing out the state when prime minister narendramodi visited nagaland on november 30 and december 1.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is also scheduled to address a rally in barak valley on april 11.
;;0.0;;some of the older airlines are said to have lobbied with prime minister narendramodi last year against a move by raju to scrap rule 5/20.
;;-0.4019;;ehsanullah ehsan, a prominent militant and spokesman for the group, tehreek-e-taliban pakistan jamaat ahrar (ttp-ja), said he had warned indian prime minister narendramodi that attacks in india were in the pipeline.
;;-0.4215;;we had written to prime minister narendramodi , protesting against his unlawful suspension, said the leader of the citu-affiliated union.
;;0.0;;picture by prem singhnew delhi, may 26 (pti): prime minister narendramodi has ended the politics of appeasement and dynasty, and ushered in politics of development, bjp president amit shah said on saturday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has ended politics of appeasement, dynasty and casteism, and ushered politics of development, shah said.
;;-0.2732;;an association of the developers - which included industry majors like l&t - had written to gadkari and nripendra mishra, principal secretary to prime minister narendramodi , saying the action had shamed them.
;;0.5627;;this was after prime minister narendramodi asked the ministry to ensure that the project was not derailed.
;;0.4215;;business establishments, government offices and educational institutions organised events to observe the day in response to prime minister narendramodi modis appeal in the united nations general assembly to all the nations.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi being welcomed by the tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k. palaniswami, on his arrival in chennai on thursday.
;;0.9001;;picture: ptinew delhi, april 12 (pti): prime minister narendramodi said on thursday that the government's commitment to peace is just as strong as its commitment to protecting its people and territory, and for this, necessary measures to equip the armed forces will be taken.
;;0.0;;15: members of the krishak mukti sangram samiti (kmss) today burnt effigies of prime minister narendramodi and assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal in front of the state secretariat at dispur and in each district and subdivisional headquarters, opposing the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2016, introduced by the nda government.
;;-0.34;;on a day chief minister mamata banerjee met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi, the arrest of maity and his wife triggered questions whether the move was aimed at finding out if icore and similar companies had prospered during trinamul rule in bengal and politicians had any role in it.
;;0.4019;;actor viveik oberoi at a roadshow in support of narendramodi in varanasi on tuesday.
;;-0.4767;;(pti) new delhi, may 6: rahul gandhi has decided to campaign in varanasi against narendramodi in a tit for tat, taking it upon himself to answer the bjp leaders attack on his family at a time the congresss reaction has been muted.
;;0.0;;they recalled prime minister narendramodi modis advice to ministers to open twitter and facebook accounts and use them extensively.
;;0.0;;he said the project is a part of the road package announced by prime minister narendramodi for bihar.
;;0.1154;;expressing disappointment at prime minister narendramodi who made best use of manjhi against chief minister nitish kumar during the last assembly elections in 2015, manjhi said he had a lot of expectations from the prime minister but he did not live up to it.
;;0.7506;;zeliang said the proposed visit by the state's 60 mlas to delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi and impress upon him to expedite the peace deal, was on.
;;0.0;;the train service on the digha-sonepur rail-cum-road bridge began in february 2016, but prime minister narendramodi formally inaugurated it on march 12, 2016.
;;-0.7906;;the crisis  which comes bang in the middle of a crucial general election -- comes at an awkward time for prime minister narendramodi , who is battling accusations that his government did not do enough to create jobs.
;;0.0;;ani tweeted the picture above, saying: prime minister narendramodi meditates at a holy cave near kedarnath shrine in uttarakhand source: ptitoday (saturday) is buddha purnima.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.6486;;(pti)new delhi, april 26 : prime minister narendramodi today asked his officials to explore new technologies to ramp up road-building and boost coal output as part of a broader objective to push economic growth and work towards the completion of existing projects in time.
;;-0.8625;;rakesh asthana is believed to be close to prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah sourced by the telegraphthe ugly war within the cbi, marked by the arrest of an officer and the intervention of the prime minister on monday, traces its roots to attempts by the political leadership to bypass the established chain of command, multiple sources have said.
;;0.0;;a 1984-batch gujarat ips officer, asthana is believed to be close to prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.8689;;central leadership and pradesh congress functionaries are hoping to whip up excitement and footfall for rahuls visit as it comes close on the heels of bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis successful rallies on march 27 in gumla and chatra despite the maoist bandh.
;;0.0;;aung san suu kyi, myanmar's state counsellor and foreign minister, with prime minister narendramodi at the opening ceremony of the bimstec summit in goa on sunday.
;;-0.2382;;16: prime minister narendramodi today found support from six smaller neighbours on combating terrorism, but also witnessed china's influence in a region where india is trying to reassert its traditional strategic clout.
;;0.0;;on september 14, prime minister narendramodi and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe had laid the foundation stone for india's first bullet train project.
;;0.0;;he said prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and chief ministers of all the bjp-ruled states would be invited to the swearing-in ceremony.
;;0.0;;picture by ub photos guwahati, june 30: the agp will seek an audience with prime minister narendramodi to discuss the centre's decision to auction oil fields of assam.
;;0.8548;;now the party seeks audience of top national leaders, including narendramodi , on the issue so that a healthy debate is generated and final decision goes in favour of the people of assam, agp general secretary kamala kanta kalita told the telegraph this afternoon.
;;-0.4588;;having declared its predecessor weak-kneed, narendramodi modi's government vocalized a multi-pronged strategy to defeat left-wing extremism.
;;0.0;;but friday's declaration of intent came from prime minister narendramodi and visiting egyptian president abdel fattah al sisi after talks between them.
;;0.4215;;22: prime minister narendramodi will review the progress of infrastructure sectors, including roads, railways and power, in the presence of senior officials of concerned ministries on november 5.
;;0.765;;while bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , upa chairperson sonia gandhi and her son rahul gandhi addressed rallies to boost the prospects of their candidates, chief minister naveen patnaik was the star campaigner of his party heli-hopping through constituencies.
;;-0.7579;;he said, accusing prime minister narendramodi of using government agencies to interfere in the electoral process because of the fear of losing.
;;0.0;;these houses for homeless people will come up as announced by prime minister narendramodi from red fort on august 15.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had in his maiden budget announced rs 51,000 crore for cleaning the ganga.
;;0.3818;;new delhi, june 11: prime minister narendramodi modis government will this month unveil its first major gift to indians settled abroad and foreign investors  a policy that promises respite from the notorious delays in issuing indian visas.
;;0.0;;new delhi, july 23: world bank president jim yong kim and prime minister narendramodi today discussed lending plans, which could see the global banker providing $15-18 billion in soft loans to india over the next three years.
;;0.0;;things came to a head when it surfaced that rajkhowa had written to prime minister narendramodi , asking him to upgrade an airport in assam instead of building one in the state.
;;0.8591;;in her interaction with journalists on her way out of the state secretariat on saturday evening, the bengal chief minister seemed determined to play down the significance of the tripura victory for the bjp, hailed by prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah.
;;0.8271;;(pti)bangalore: prime minister narendramodi , who toured cyclone-affected areas in south india on tuesday, promised to trace and bring home all surviving fishermen by christmas and said the centre would provide adequate relief.
;;-0.8176;;11: the gujarat government is set to file indiscipline charges against a police officer who probed the 2002 riots, three days after it suspended another ips officer who claimed that narendramodi misused the state machinery during the pogrom.
;;0.4767;;showering praise on prime minister narendramodi and chief minister sarbananda sonowal, the congress leader said the bjp was seeking to strike a chord with the people.
;;0.6808;;political bigwigs such as gujarat chief minister narendramodi , former jammu and kashmir chief minister farooq abdullah, union railway minister c.p. joshi and union minister of state for commerce and industries jyotiraditya scindia share place with bollywood baadshah shah rukh khan and beauties preity zinta and shilpa shetty on it.
;;0.4939;;zhimomi said apart from several indian and foreign delegates, prime minister narendramodi and chief ministers of saigang division and kachin state of myanmar will visit the festival at kisama.
;;-0.6249;;cm meets modiranchi: chief minister raghubar das met prime minister narendramodi in delhi on saturday and apprised him of steps taken to tackle drought and water crisis in the state.
;;0.7351;;gumla/chatra, march 27: bjps prime ministerial hopeful narendramodi peered out of his chopper before landing at aerodrome ground in gumla this morning and turned to his fellow passenger and bjp veteran arjun munda to say oh, bahut bhari bhir hai (oh, its a good crowd).
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has rightly pointed out that yoga has nothing to do with next birth.
;;0.7506;;a source in the assam police said in order to turn the state police into a smart (strict and sensitive, modern and mobile, alert and accountable, reliable and responsive, techno savvy and trained) force  as envisaged by prime minister narendramodi , the introduction of predictive policing was one of the priorities of the department.
;;0.2263;;we also appeal prime minister narendramodi to save 20,000 odd jobs at the airline, national aviators guild vice-president asim valiani told newspersons.
;;0.8625;;my dear friends who voted for narendramodi , congratulations.
;;0.2732;;to my family in ahmedabad: youve told me narendramodi is a god to us.
;;0.6908;;dear friends who voted for narendramodi modis new order.
;;0.4588;;(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi did not mention at the shangri-la dialogue in singapore on friday india's official participation in the quadrilateral meeting with the us, australia and japan last year while speaking about the various levels of new delhi's engagement with countries in the indo-pacific region.
;;0.2023;;2: bihar would make a demand of more involvement of states in the prime minister narendramodi modis dream project of cleaning the the ganga in tomorrows meeting of national ganga river basin authority (ngrba) in new delhi.
;;0.4019;;18: a former parliamentarian, minister and one of the founder members of the peoples democratic party, tariq hameed karra, today joined the congress and instantly triggered a controversy by describing prime minister narendramodi as a small man sitting in a big chair.
;;-0.6124;;(afp) srinagar, april 24: mehbooba mufti's government today seemed to lose its writ for a while in the heart of srinagar, where waves of stone-throwing students fought the forces just when she was discussing law and order with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu assist sara netanyahu after she tried a traditional 'charkha' or spinning wheel during their visit to sabarmati ashram in ahmedabad on wednesday.
;;0.2732;;17 (pti): prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday his government is making efforts to create systems that are innovation-friendly to build an innovation-driven new india.
;;0.2732;;17 (pti): prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday his government is making efforts to create systems that are innovation-friendly to build an innovation-driven new india.
;;0.0;;israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu signs the guest book as his wife sara and prime minister narendramodi look on during their visit to sabarmati ashram in ahmedabad on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;sources in the state bjp unit said prime minister narendramodi , who personally took feedback from shah on his three-day visit to bengal, wanted the party to keep working with the civil society in bengal.
;;0.743;;sonowal tried to win the hearts of the ethnic leaders, saying that prime minister narendramodi was keen to develop the northeast on a par with other states of the country.
;;-0.1139;;akhil requested the srimanta sankaradeva sangha not to invite prime minister narendramodi for its upcoming annual session.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , chief minister vijay rupani, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and bjp president amit shah all campaigned in my constituency, as if i was a chief ministerial candidate.
;;0.1027;;j.p. yadavmani shankar aiyarsurat: ramesh hingoni was at his garment shop in the varachha area of surat when one of his facebook friends shared the news of congress veteran mani shankar aiyar calling prime minister narendramodi a  neech kism ka admi or a vile man.
;;0.7579;;fadnavis has assured full support to work out a solution with prime minister narendramodi and the civil aviation ministry after the last round of polling is completed, said kiran pawaskar, president of the all india jet airways officers and staff association.
;;0.7906;;at the state party headquarters in harmu, das said party mps and mlas should personally visit st/sc dominated villages in their areas to see if people got benefits of gram swaraj abhiyan, announced by prime minister narendramodi on april 14, b.r. ambedkar's birth anniversary.
;;-0.4588;;she will meet parbati sasmal, who was allegedly attacked by bjd members for handing over a petition to prime minister narendramodi on april 15.
;;-0.2263;;during the meeting, he urged prime minister narendramodi to assist the assam government in reviving ashok paper mill at bongaigaon and restarting operations at two units of hindustan paper corporation limited in nagaon and cachar districts.
;;0.4404;;gopal maidan teems with supporters as narendramodi , the bjps prime ministerial candidate (below), delivers his 10-minute speech on thursday.
;;0.0;;he was responding to questions pertaining to his meeting with prime minister narendramodi on wednesday in new delhi.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet, headed by prime minister narendramodi , tonight approved the incorporation of amendments suggested by a parliamentary select panel in the insurance laws (amendment) bill, 2008, sources said.
;;-0.8176;;the violence cast a long shadow, with pune police linking it to an alleged maoist conspiracy to foment an uprising and assassinate prime minister narendramodi , and arresting 10 human rights activists from across the country in june and august.
;;0.0;;the summit, projected as india's equivalent of the davos world economic forum, was conceived by prime minister narendramodi as a personal project after he became gujarat chief minister in 2001.
;;-0.6115;;19: prime minister narendramodi today unveiled a plan to hold annual summits with leaders of 14 islands that dot the pacific and are strategically critical in a region fast emerging as one of the worlds most tense.
;;-0.7351;;10: peoples conference leader sajjad lone today met prime minister narendramodi , openly warming to the bjp ahead of elections in jammu and kashmir and raising fears of fresh hostilities within the family of slain separatist abdul gani lone.
;;0.1531;;he said: if we go by the promises of prime minister narendramodi to provide employment to two crore people, nearly 36 lakhs youths would have got the employment in odisha alone.
;;-0.1531;;q. but prime minister narendramodi says only hard work, not harvard (where chidambaram, among others, studied), works.
;;-0.1531;;jmm taps poll panel the jmm on thursday registered a fresh complaint with the election commission of india against the bjp and prime minister narendramodi , accusing them of trying to influence the april 9 littipara assembly bypoll.
;;0.5994;;sonowal, who had promised to take all possible steps to secure the world heritage status during an election rally in majuli on march 26 in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.
;;0.607;;the bharatiya janata party may be under the illusion that it does not face a similar problem since it has announced narendramodi as its prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.552;;so it was surprising when senior leaders, senators and congressmen, some of whose four-year tenancy in the white house was thwarted only by fate and destiny, became sentimental as narendramodi arrived on capitol hill last week for his address to a joint meeting of both houses of america's legislature.
;;-0.8316;;(pti)new delhi/srinagar: prime minister narendramodi offered two sacrifices on friday to try and propitiate the alliance pantheon in jammu and kashmir and defuse the nationwide outrage over the kathua and unnao rapes.
;;0.7633;;(pti file picture)the election commission has concluded that prime minister narendramodi had not violated the model code of conduct by announcing through a televised address the successful test of an anti-satellite (a-sat) missile.
;;-0.836;;(ap)new delhi: the congress on monday said that prime minister narendramodi was the victim of an unhealthy mindset that should be a national concern, and warned that he could become a subject of mockery if he continued making false statements.
;;0.8934;;asked whether the grant of bail to current bjp president amit shah could be a reason for political favour to be shown to justice sathasivam, sharma said: we dont know if there was anything in the former cjis persona, functioning or decisions that pleased prime minister narendramodi or bjp president amit shah.
;;-0.8591;;so, when a video begins doing the rounds in which a congress candidate in uttar pradesh gives himself a sore throat threatening to chop narendramodi into little pieces if mr modi treats minorities in up in the way he is alleged to have treated them in gujarat, or when a bharatiya janata party mla in rajasthan threatens, at a rally, to disrobe sonia and rahul gandhi before sending them back to italy, then it is time to draw the line on hate speech, which is a kind of incendiary rowdyism.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi hailed the passage of the gst supplementary bills by the lok sabha.
;;-0.4019;;on tuesday, the congress organised a protest rally on the issue and burnt effigies of prime minister narendramodi and union petroleum and natural gas minister dharmendra pradhan blaming them for the fuel price hike.
;;0.0;;the sena sources indicated that after the two completed the groundwork, uddhav could travel to the capital and meet prime minister narendramodi later this week.
;;0.0;;this was after the temblor had ended a video conference between prime minister narendramodi and senior state government officials.
;;0.4404;;the madras bar association has written to prime minister narendramodi to respond positively to the demand for setting up the water management board.
;;-0.4767;;never had the 46-year-old experienced such a range of emotions since her ips officer husband, who dared to take on narendramodi , was arrested on september 30.
;;0.8311;;telegraph picturebhubaneswar: opposing the centre's move to introduce direct benefit transfer (dbt) compliant system for disbursement of pensions under national social assistance programme (nsap), the state government on thursday urged prime minister narendramodi not to impose the bank payment system in the interest of vulnerable beneficiaries.
;;0.9019;;i am sanguine you would appreciate the special circumstances of the state and not impose conditions on release of funds which may militate against the interest of the beneficiaries, said chief minister naveen patnaik in a letter to prime minister narendramodi sent on thursday.
;;-0.2018;;(pti)new delhi: rahul gandhi on monday questioned the government's celebration of the demonetisation anniversary, saying it was sad that prime minister narendramodi did not feel the pain of the people.
;;0.0;;during a meeting with prime minister narendramodi on monday, chief minister mehbooba mufti had advocated talks with all sections in kashmir, including the separatists, and appealed for a return to former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee's healing touch policy.
;;0.34;;demand tailed off sharply following the elections as the market waited to see whether the newly elected government led by prime minister narendramodi would relax the import restrictions on gold, the wgc said.
;;0.4404;;15 (pti): as prime minister narendramodi spoke of air india's turnaround in his independence day speech today, the state-run airline is expecting to log over rs 100 crore operating profit in the last fiscal and projecting to cross the rs 700-crore mark in this financial year.
;;0.4019;;25 lakh crore special package prime minister narendramodi announced for bihar in august 2015 remains a mystery.
;;0.0;;sissen village is located just a few kilometres from the district headquarters of pasighat, where the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi had addressed his maiden rally in the state on february 22.
;;0.0;;pranab mukherjee with prime minister narendramodi and lk advani at the customary dinner hosted by the president on wednesday for the new government.
;;0.6705;;(pti) new delhi, may 28: party mps who didnt pass narendramodi modis scrutiny the first time can still nurse hopes.
;;-0.743;;sandeep bhaskarbettiah: coinciding with the april 10 visit of prime minister narendramodi , widows and colleagues of two sugar mill employees, who immolated themselves last year in protest against inordinate delay in their wages, observed a silent hunger protest for the second day on sunday in motihari to press for their demands.
;;0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi , who will be visiting jharkhand on saturday, will flag off the new tatanagar-badampahar demu (diesel electric multiple unit) passenger train from baripada when he reaches odisha later in the day.
;;0.0;;but the declaration that varanasi will stand by joshi, the sitting mp, has raised eyebrows because of the buzz that narendramodi was considering making his lok sabha debut from the temple town.
;;0.6908;;in advanis case, the speculation largely centred around the perception that having soured his relations with narendramodi , whose ascendancy as the prime minister candidate he steadfastly opposed, it would not be tenable for advani to contest yet again from gujarats capital and hope to ride comfortably to a victory.
;;0.0;;president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi expressed condolences today, with mukherjee noting her immense contribution to the development of jurisprudence.
;;-0.6486;;8: the gujarat government has suspended senior ips officer sanjeev bhatt, who has accused chief minister narendramodi of misusing the state machinery against muslims during the 2002 pogrom.
;;0.5106;;30: the north east students' organisation (neso) today asked the narendramodi government to diplomatically solve the issue of hindus facing religious persecution in bangladesh instead of bringing a legislation to grant them indian citizenship.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi during his last visit to bangladesh said there was good governance in the neighbouring country.
;;0.25;;picture by nagendra kumar singh the demonetisation decision of prime minister narendramodi was a violation of people's liberal freedom, a participant at the asian development research institute's international conference said on sunday.
;;0.8316;;it has given the ruling party the opportunity to flag the development  in the middle of the general election  as an achievement made possible because of prime minister narendramodi modis strong leadership and foreign policy.
;;0.1531;;the world today takes indias words seriously and accepts it due to narendramodi modis leadership and his diplomatic efforts, railway minister piyush goyal tweeted.
;;0.3384;;prime minister narendramodi fared remarkably well while performing the asanas and pranayamas at chandigarhs capitol complex on tuesday, says yogi mahesh.
;;0.0;;the sources indicated that soon after, prime minister narendramodi wrote to the cabinet secretariat to review the existing ad policy.
;;0.0;;the music video was produced following instructions from prime minister narendramodi for use during election campaigning, as the bjp went all out to capture power in manipur.
;;0.4019;;ahead of the 2015 assembly elections in bihar, prime minister narendramodi had announced a special package of rs 1.
;;0.0772;;while the opposition party alleged that prime minister narendramodi and his government were agustawestland's protectors and promoters, the saffron party accused it of defending christian michel, an alleged middleman in the deal, and asked why it was scared of a probe into the case.
;;-0.4019;;pti photosantemaranahalli/udupi (karnataka), may 1 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on tuesday assailed the congress government in karnataka for initiating the culture of ease of doing murder, as he launched the second leg of his campaign blitz in the state for the assembly elections.
;;0.9287;;thus the moves by the government of the united states of america to smooth the ruffled feathers of narendramodi , the prime minister-in-waiting according to the wisdom of pollsters, and the bharatiya janata party, the frontrunner in the race to be the single largest party in the lok sabha, would appear to be a triumph of diplomacy.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi interacts with the indian community in london on wednesday.
;;0.1531;;6: ahead of british prime minister theresa may's maiden visit, the uk's cairn energy has written to prime minister narendramodi reminding him that a resolution of the rs 29,047-crore retrospective tax demand it faces is still pending.
;;0.1027;;the post of deputy leader in the lok sabha after prime minister narendramodi was given to senior leader and defence minister rajnath singh.
;;0.4939;;intucs paper project workers union has sought the intervention of prime minister narendramodi to save one of asias largest paper projects at panchgram.
;;-0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit gumla on april 24, which will mark the 14th day of the assault on the four men carving the ox on the side of jurmu river in the village of the same name by a mob led by the sahu community from neighbouring jairagi village.
;;0.7184;;during a visit to dhaka in june, prime minister narendramodi had assured india's help to bangladesh in reaching the 21,000mw power generation capacity by 2021 and had asked the sheikh hasina government to facilitate the entry of indian companies in the sector.
;;-0.5859;;some of the students expressed anguish at the way prime minister narendramodi backed the bill at a public rally at changsari on saturday.
;;-0.128;;prime minister narendramodi had announced yesterday that they will pass the bill and we strongly condemn his statement.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi has tried to drum up investment with strong roadshows in japan and the us earlier this year and plugging a make in india campaign that has been underpinned by a set of measures designed to ease the pain of doing business in india.
;;-0.2023;;on september 27, prime minister narendramodi had in an interactive session asked bengal chief secretary malay de why the project had been stalled and the encroachers were not being removed.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has in his speeches claimed that the nehru-gandhi family ruled india for decades but didnt do anything for the country.
;;0.1531;;25: prime minister narendramodi today plunged india into nepals tense domestic politics, gently advising the ruling coalition in the country against using its brute majority to ram through a constitution despite opposition from key political groups.
;;-0.0772;;nitish has supported narendramodi on issues such as surgical strike in pakistan, demonetisation and gst, and has praised the quick response of the central government during the devastating floods earlier this year.
;;-0.4019;;ahmedabad, july 15: hardik patel emerged from jail today after nine months and directly took on prime minister narendramodi , mocking his claim of a 56-inch chest.
;;-0.6124;;prime minister narendramodi has criticised obor, saying connectivity could not be allowed to undermine the country's sovereignty.
;;-0.296;;new delhi: desperate to earn a trial for a place in the rio olympic team, star wrestler sushil kumar has written to prime minister narendramodi and sports minister sarbananda sonowal requesting them to intervene in the matter.
;;0.7174;;party leaders have been underlining the gujarati pride associated with prime minister narendramodi and cautioning voters:  sar nahi jhukna chahiye (don't embarrass modi).
;;0.0;;the deal was announced at the brics summit in goa in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;the ekta yatra was organised in two phases across 10,000 villages of gujarat ahead of the unveiling of the 182-metre tall statue in narmada district's kevadiya by prime minister narendramodi on october 31.
;;0.4019;;his statement came on a day adityanath met bjp president amit shah in delhi amid speculation that prime minister narendramodi and shah were thinking of replacing him and state party chief mahendra nath pandey.
;;-0.0516;;nawaz sharif new delhi, april 8: prime minister narendramodi today hit out at pakistan over the brutalities in bangladesh leading up to the 1971 war, and on terrorism, but his government held out its relationship with dhaka as an example of how it would like to engage with islamabad.
;;0.5719;;the government of narendramodi , of which she is a part, held the 2015 edition - the 13th - of the diaspora meet in gandhinagar to celebrate 100 years of mahatma gandhi's return to india from south africa.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had in october 2014 claimed that karnas in-vitro birth owed to genetic science while ganeshs elephant head pointed to plastic surgery.
;;0.7351;;anwesha ambalythumbs up: the most-liked picture on facebook that narendramodi had posted following his visit to the lingaraj temple in bhubaneswar in april last yearbhubaneswar: prime minister narendramodi has aced another social media popularity test of world leaders - this time a picture of his with an odisha connection has emerged as one that has received the maximum number of facebook likes.
;;0.0;;malaysian prime minister najib razak and wife rosmah mansor being received by prime minister narendramodi for a ceremonial reception at rashtrapati bhavan on saturday.
;;-0.1027;;picture by prem singh new delhi, april 1: prime minister narendramodi today hinted that india might look to malaysia's de-radicalisation efforts as an example in its domestic counter-terrorism initiatives, as new delhi and kuala lumpur committed to tighter strategic ties in an unstable region.
;;0.5093;;the culinary diplomacy took place a few days after prime minister narendramodi told his party not to make controversial remarks that give masala to the media.
;;0.5574;;yogi adityanath, who is known for championing the construction of a ram temple, will be the top campaigner after prime minister narendramodi , said a bjp politician involved in karnataka affairs.
;;-0.4767;;the loser, ironically, is expected to be chief minister nitish kumar, who broke off his alliance with the bjp over narendramodi in his bid to woo the 16.
;;-0.0516;;we will vote narendramodi , he stresses, furtively glancing at his family elders who wore an amused look.
;;0.4588;;the bjp has chalked out a plan to bring in a large number of gorkhas from the darjeeling hills and adivasis from the terai to an election rally to be addressed by prime minister narendramodi at kawakhali here on april 3, said sources in the party.
;;0.0;;he said prime minister narendramodi had attended the last plenary in shillong in may last year and set in motion a development agenda for the region.
;;-0.6908;;bengal weighed heavy on prime minister narendramodi modis mind as he addressed party workers in varanasi on friday, painting a gruesome picture of bjp activists being murdered in the eastern state and attacking chief minister mamata banerjee.
;;-0.5106;;(pti) march 31: narendramodi today hit out at sonia gandhi over the allegedly preferential treatment of two italian marines accused of killing two kerala fishermen but did not explicitly cite her italian origin.
;;0.296;;earlier, senior meghalaya mp p.a. sangma said prime minister narendramodi has hinted at creating a separate policy for the himalayan states.
;;0.296;;they gathered at lakhiram barua sadan at dighalipukhuri, talked about possible adverse impacts of the bill on assam, sang songs to inspire people to oppose the bill, put up cartoons of prime minister narendramodi and state bjp leaders on the bill issue and sang the state anthem o mor aponar dex.
;;0.0;;narah said they would send memoranda to president ram nath kovind, prime minister narendramodi , governor jagdish mukhi, chief minister sarbananda sonowal and the joint parliamentary committee which has been seeking public opinion on the bill.
;;0.0516;;a measure of the party's jitters and eagerness to dominate the protest platform was evident in the announcement on tuesday that prime minister narendramodi himself would hold a daylong fast on thursday.
;;0.0;;the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi had on saturday addressed a rally at the same venue where the turnout ranged between 5,000 and 10,000.
;;0.9241;;especially with nitish supporting demonetisation and prime minister narendramodi returning the favour by praising prohibition in bihar and the successful hosting of the 350th prakash utsav or birth anniversary of guru gobind singh.
;;0.5574;;the alliance with the rlsp would send a positive message to the obc voters in bihar and that too at a time when our prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , too, comes from the backward community, said a bjp leader.
;;0.128;;16 (pti): he was a pupil and they examiners for the day, prime minister narendramodi told students across the country on friday while stressing the importance of confidence and concentration in dealing with exam stress.
;;0.0;;he urged prime minister narendramodi and karnataka governor vajubhai vala not to take any decision that could trigger horse-trading and poaching.
;;0.891;;the bjp, under prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah, has succeeded in shedding the tag of a hindi heartland party, winning one state after another in the northeast.
;;0.3182;;in none of his meetings has he been talking about narendramodi , who has been drawing huge crowds to his rallies in the state.
;;-0.7506;;jnu students' union president geeta kumari demanded that prime minister narendramodi break his silence on najeeb's disappearance to show that there is no impunity for those assaulting a muslim student.
;;-0.1027;;ramesh alleged that both prime minister narendramodi and chief minister naveen patnaik were behaving like  mouni babas (silent monks) whenever there was atrocity on the weaker sections.
;;0.1027;;the chancellor and prime minister narendramodi apologised from the dais of the convocation for the unavailability of sufficient drinking water for students.
;;0.296;;27 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on monday asked congress vice-president rahul gandhi why his party had applauded the release of a terrorist in pakistan and why he had hugged beijings ambassador during the standoff with china on the doklam border issue.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to unveil the plan on august 15 when he addresses the nation.
;;-0.0772;;both the us and india on tuesday scrambled to play down president donald trumps claim that prime minister narendramodi sought mediation in the kashmir dispute and ruled out the possibility of any such intervention.
;;-0.1531;;if prime minister narendramodi remained silent and deputed foreign minister and former diplomat s. jaishankar to emphatically and repeatedly deny that such a conversation took place with the us president, a top aide to trump vouched for the credibility of his boss.
;;0.765;;cm praises pm patna: jitan ram manjhi on thursday praised prime minister narendramodi for his decision to retaliate against pakistans shelling at the border in jammu.
;;-0.3182;;in november 2017, prime minister narendramodi had to remind the bengal government that a seven-year delay in widening national highway 34 between barasat and krishnagar had resulted in escalation of costs by more than three times.
;;0.34;;10: palau, niue, vanuatu, tuvalu, nauru and nine other pacific island nations most indians would be hard-pressed to point out on a world map have emerged key cogs in a bold diplomatic outreach by prime minister narendramodi to a region largely ignored by new delhi so far.
;;-0.128;;his suggestion  along with a demand for special category status for bihar  at a niti aayog meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi appeared to reflect the recent tensions between allies jdu and bjp.
;;-0.8126;;18: the congress has asked prime minister narendramodi to curb the menace of drug abuse by banning opium cultivation in madhya pradesh and rajasthan.
;;0.1531;;chief minister raghubar das has already initiated moves to invite prime minister narendramodi and the his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina to jointly lay the foundation stone.
;;0.0;;the aiadmk chief was sworn in as tamil nadu chief minister for the third time today at an event where narendramodi literally rubbed shoulders with a.b. bardhan.
;;0.0;;purple tea from arunachal pradesh, which was sold for the first time in the country at the guwahati tea auction centre (gtac) auction on wednesday for rs 24,501 a kg, will be presented to prime minister narendramodi at a summit in ahmedabad, gujarat, early next year.
;;0.0;;i have a brief meeting with prime minister narendramodi , (and) when xi jinping came to delhi, i also wanted a meeting with him, he reportedly said.
;;0.6808;;i did not expect victory by such a huge margin it was due to the modi wave to express appreciation for the work done by prime minister narendramodi and chief minister raghubar das, he said.
;;0.0;;i am not here to tell you my mann ki baat (what i feel), he said, taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi , whose monthly radio broadcast is titled mann ki baat.
;;0.8519;;its the love, affection and spirit of kerala and wayanad that is going to show to mr narendramodi what this country is about, rahul said.
;;0.0;;on sunday, president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi congratulated vijender.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and the presidents of brazil, russia, china and south africa are likely to unveil the brics development bank when they meet for the groups summit in brazils northeastern coastal town of fortaleza on july 15 and 16.
;;0.1531;;bahujan samaj party president mayawati, with whom akhilesh has forged an electoral alliance, suggested that prime minister narendramodi suspend all political programmes and put to rest his election-related selfishness and take the peace-loving countries of the world into confidence to find a permanent solution to this problem (terrorism).
;;0.2263;;sources said that both prime minister narendramodi and union hrd minister prakash javadekar have taken strong cognisance to the leak.
;;0.0;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , the congress mp has sought a rehabilitation package for coal mine owners, labourers and those who are dependent on coal mining.
;;0.5106;;goswami said he has invited prime minister narendramodi and is planning to invite other dignitaries as well to address the house.
;;-0.1027;;front page > bihar > patna diary patna diary stir in teacup the jibes of rjd chief lalu prasad and chief minister nitish kumar at the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis tea show have stunned several politicians.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had referred to ganesha as an example of plastic surgery while a rajasthan minister had claimed that ancient indians, not isaac newton, had discovered gravity.
;;-0.4939;;16: prime minister narendramodi will stay away from a un climate summit for heads of states on september 23 amid indias displeasure at what it considers a parallel effort during international negotiations to avert dangerous global warming.
;;0.3818;;in their centenary year, the bjp's rediscovery of its two greats has kicked off earnestly: on sunday, prime minister narendramodi released a 15-volume compendium of writings on upadhyaya after extolling his ideological commitment and organisational skills at the party's national council at kozhikode in september.
;;0.8689;;pti picturekathmandu: prime minister narendramodi on saturday said india was ready to be the sherpa to help nepal scale the mountain of success as he hailed the himalayan nation's journey from bullets to ballots.
;;0.1027;;memorandum: the nagaland cabinet will submit a me-morandum to prime minister narendramodi to issue an ordinance to exempt the state from the provision of part ix a of the constitution related to municipalities and urban local bodies and their composition.
;;0.0;;tangled ties: prime minister narendramodi with (from top) bangladeshs sheikh hasina, sri lankan premier ranil wickremesinghe, nepali president bidhya devi bhandari, and maldives abdulla yameenalmost four years into the term of the narendramodi government, its foreign policy in south asia is under the spotlight.
;;0.0;;dipak mishraa poster put up at the income tax roundabout in patna on saturday shows prime minister narendramodi and bjp leaders.
;;0.0;;all these posters carried portraits of narendramodi and other bihar bjp leaders - sushil kumar modi, nand kishore yadav, ram kripal yadav and prem kumar among others.
;;0.0;;putting up photographs of narendramodi , who was then the gujarat chief minister, was unthinkable.
;;0.0516;;let alone narendramodi modi's photograph, even taking his name at public functions after 2010, when nitish suddenly cancelled a dinner invitation to bjp leaders, was forbidden, recalled a senior bjp leader, stressing that the bjp was then eager to keep nitish in good humour.
;;0.1027;;in 2014, prime minister narendramodi had campaigned in santhal pargana and said that till he was alive no force on the earth could take away tribal land.
;;0.7906;;12: the bodo peoples committee for peace initiative has sought the intervention of prime minister narendramodi to pave the way for the release of ndfb founder president ranjan daimary and its other leaders to facilitate the peace process.
;;0.3408;;while both the parties have petitioned the election commission in delhi, allegations flew thick and fast in karnataka with prime minister narendramodi wading into the controversy despite a lack of clarity on the facts of the case.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during the nda parliamentary board meeting at parliament house, in new delhi, on may 25, 2019.
;;0.0;;(pti photo)the catholic church in india on saturday congratulated prime minister-elect narendramodi and bjp president amit shah on their partys victory in the lok sabha polls.
;;-0.4215;;you had twitted prime minister narendramodi and have virtually criticised the state leadership on the issue.
;;0.0;;the centre had amended the benami property transaction act of 1988 and enforced the tighter version on november 1, 2016, days before prime minister narendramodi demonetised 1,000-rupee and 500-rupee notes.
;;0.0;;the judge was the cjis representative on the three-member panel  the others being prime minister narendramodi and opposition leader mallikarjun kharge  that had on january 10 arrived at a 2:1 decision to sack then cbi chief alok verma.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressed two rallies in bengal on wednesday but did not utter a word about ishwarchandra vidyasagar.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi appeared to target mamata while alluding to priyanka at a rally on wednesday in taki, north 24-parganas, saying the daughters sent to jail were ready to give you punishment and a lesson.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , approved the central gst, integrated gst, compensation rules and union territory gst bills.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is trying to fulfil what another narendramodi had dreamt more than a century ago, human resource development minister smriti irani said on friday.
;;0.0;;the minister made a series of announcements, to give a hint of what the narendramodi government is doing in education.
;;0.0;;aimplb spokesperson maulana sajjad nomani on friday urged prime minister narendramodi not to go ahead with the implementation of the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2017, (known as the triple talaq bill).
;;0.0;;the staffers have written to prime minister narendramodi , seeking his intervention.
;;-0.2732;;the congress had swiftly distanced himself from his comments and the following day, prime minister narendramodi had described the former home minister's comments as an insult to soldiers.
;;-0.3612;;pinarayi has written to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to intervene to end the non-cooperation with the delhi government which is undermining the federal structure of governance mandated by the constitution.
;;0.5859;;man dies jorhat: ananta hazarika, 45, a bjp supporter of 108 khowang morangaon in dibrugarh district, who had gone to guwahati to attend the public rally by bjp leader narendramodi on saturday, slipped from the special train while returning at hathipukhuri near longpotia station in sivasagasr district on sunday.
;;0.0;;subhashish mohantytakeover plan: bjp leaders inspcet the bali yatra ground ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit in cuttack on thursday.
;;-0.9442;;2: narendramodi today played the nationalist, chastising a divisive congress for burning andhra pradesh and expressing shame at the hate crime that killed a northeast student in delhi.
;;0.0;;24 (pti): prime minister narendramodi today denounced the practice of triple talaq and deprecated attempts to politicise the issue.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi was there to seek support for bjp and nda candidates in eastern uttar pradesh, which goes to poll in the seventh and last phase on sunday.
;;0.0772;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday challenged the opposition to prove if he had amassed any assets or kept money in any foreign banks.
;;0.5719;;the ayushman bharat yojana  which prime minister narendramodi has been bullish on  is a national health protection scheme launched last year with claims that it aims at making interventions in the primary, secondary and the tertiary care systems, covering both preventive and promotive health, to address healthcare holistically.
;;0.0;;sources pointed out that visva-bharati was a central university with prime minister narendramodi as its chancellor.
;;0.3182;;the move by the mci, the country's top regulatory agency for medical education and practice, follows a pledge by prime minister narendramodi last sunday that the government would take legal steps to get doctors to write generic names.
;;-0.1779;;3 (agencies): prime minister narendramodi has ordered the withdrawal of a move to crack down on journalists responsible for distributing fake news, a senior government official said on tuesday.
;;0.4754;;under the colonial era rbi act, the government can give the bank directions after consultations with the governor prem singhas prime minister narendramodi modis government turns up the heat on the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor to do its bidding ahead of next year's general election it is getting the central banks board to take on a much more powerful role, according to government officials and board members.
;;0.3612;;jayalalithaa had raised the demand for a digital addressable system (das) licence when she met prime minister narendramodi earlier this month, sources said, and the information and broadcasting ministry has prepared a note recommending that the proposal be accepted.
;;0.0;;union tribal affairs minister jual oram, odisha bjp chief basant panda and union petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan garland prime minister narendramodi at the partys national executive meeting in bhubaneswar on saturday as finance minister arun jaitley and senior bjp leader lal krishna advani look on.
;;-0.4404;;breaking his silence over such attacks, prime minister narendramodi had last month said 80 per cent of the self-styled cow protectors were anti-social elements and asked state governments to prepare dossiers on them.
;;0.0;;mamata banerjee with narendramodi at the meeting in new delhi on monday.
;;-0.128;;(pti)april 10: mamata banerjee today called on prime minister narendramodi with a demand of immediate release of rs 10,459 crore which she said is due to bengal under various central schemes.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp leader amit shah want people-oriented leaders for a change in the nation.
;;-0.0772;;the complaint mentioned another instance where a project coordinator under the swachh bharat abhiyan, shivpratap singh bhadoriya, visited mungawli and hailed prime minister narendramodi and chief minister chouhan for their role in cleaning india.
;;0.7351;;npf sources said top bjp leaders, including its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , party president rajnath singh, leader of opposition in rajya sabha, arun jaitley, and former nagaland chief secretary r.s. pandey, who recently joined the party, have asked him to contest the polls.
;;-0.7579;;it is unfortunate that the government of narendramodi has decided to choose patriotism and warmongering to reaffirm its credibility.
;;-0.5423;;critics pointed out that the congress has often mocked prime minister narendramodi over his interactions with students.
;;0.4939;;once results are declared i will rush to new delhi to congratulate prime minister narendramodi , who is coming back to power.
;;-0.5629;;6: prime minister narendramodi is expected to visit islamabad for the saarc summit in november, indian high commissioner to pakistan gautam bambawale has indicated, despite spiralling tension between the neighbours over kashmir and terrorism.
;;0.6597;;(pti)andhra pradesh chief minister elect jaganmohan reddy met prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah in delhi on sunday to seek the special category status for his state and establish political bonding with the saffron party.
;;-0.9246;;there was a parallel economy running before the note ban, which had drained the country from the inside (shutterstock)prime minister narendramodi has tried to play down the embarrassment his government suffered over the futility of the demonetisation exercise by claiming that the sudden move to ban high-value currency notes in 2016 was not a jhatka (jolt).
;;0.0258;;the inauguration of the chenani-nashri tunnel has provided narendramodi a befitting occasion to reach out to kashmir's youth.
;;0.4019;;talking about the recently concluded commonwealth heads of government meeting in london - attended by prime minister narendramodi , among others - bucknell said: the indo uk institute of health (iuih) is going to form 10 to 11 'medicities', big hospitals with 1,000 beds in the metros with 5,000 satellite primary health-care centres, where people can get medical help before going to hospital.
;;0.0;;bathari urged prime minister narendramodi and union minister for road transport and highways nitin gadkari to intervene as even one spell of rain could wash away the road which is a lifeline for the people of dima hasao and barak valley.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi takes part in pareeksha par charcha, an interactive session with school and college students, at talkatora stadium in new delhi on friday.
;;0.7906;;prime minister narendramodi was quick to congratulate chief minister pema khandu for the win.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi chaired a high-level security meeting on the attack in new delhi on tuesday morning with union ministers nirmala sitharaman and arun jaitley along with gokhale in attendance.
;;0.7309;;the recent meeting between prime minister narendramodi and morcha chief bimal gurung, after which the latter had claimed that he had got a positive assurance from modi on gorkhaland, is yet another indication that the bjp is not ready to lose the morcha as its ally.
;;0.34;;officials on saturday played down media reports from colombo about sri lankan president maithripala sirisena attending the swearing-in of prime minister narendramodi , saying nothing had been firmed up yet.
;;-0.0772;;the selection of adityanath has once again exposed the oft-repeated claim of prime minister narendramodi that development will be its main agenda, a cpm politburo statement said.
;;-0.5106;;(pti)the bjp on thursday issued a showcause notice to first-time mla akash vijayvargiya for assaulting a civic official with a cricket bat in hometown indore, madhya pradesh, days after prime minister narendramodi had called for his sacking, sources said.
;;0.3182;;our special correspondentshatrughan sinhapatna: bjp mp shatrughan sinha kept the heat on prime minister narendramodi on saturday, questioning the nature of his advisors in tweets throughout the day.
;;0.4404;;according to him, tripura will surely become a model state if prime minister narendramodi is voted to power again in the lok sabha elections.
;;-0.7964;;file picturenew delhi: the congress on thursday expressed outrage that bank scam accused nirav modi had used his passport even after the indian government had revoked it while prime minister narendramodi was busy making fitness videos.
;;0.0;;telegraph picturepatna: tejashwi prasad yadav on saturday taunted prime minister narendramodi over his frequent travels outside the country, saying the country's watchman sent white money abroad.
;;0.0;;i do not think there is any country left that prime minister narendramodi has not visited.
;;0.5423;;chennai: actor kamal haasan has apologised for hastily supporting demonetisation and said prime minister narendramodi should accept his mistake.
;;-0.802;;nitin gadkari's tweet came on a day the government and the bjp were battling the perception of indifference on the part of prime minister narendramodi towards the pulwama attack, amid allegations that he continued shooting for a promotional film in jim corbett park even after the news broke.
;;-0.802;;the tweet came on a day the government and the bjp were battling the perception of indifference on the part of prime minister narendramodi towards the pulwama attack, amid allegations that he continued shooting for a promotional film in jim corbett park even after the news broke.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was scheduled to launch the repair work, estimated to cost rs 1,742 crore on january 15.
;;0.0;;two days ago, prime minister narendramodi had an interaction with the secretaries of various ministries and departments.
;;0.0;;the minimum capital requirement has been brought down to $5 million from $10 million, an official statement after the meeting, headed by prime minister narendramodi , said.
;;0.0;;april 30: the gujarat administration today lodged an fir against narendramodi on the election commissions directive for allegedly trying to influence voters by holding a news conference near a polling booth where he predicted the end of the mother-son government and displayed the bjps symbol.
;;0.0772;;known for his withering criticism of prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah in the past, bhatia today said their leadership had inspired him.
;;-0.891;;new delhi, may 14 (pti): a man who had filed a court complaint accusing prime minister narendramodi of insulting the national flag today told a delhi court he had recently been assaulted and warned not to pursue the case.
;;0.1779;;our special correspondentaap leaders send off packets of ration to narendramodi during a protest over the issue of home delivery of ration not being implemented in delhi on friday.
;;-0.25;;(pti photo)new delhi: the congress on friday stuck to its position that delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal was working in tandem with prime minister narendramodi , and that the ongoing tussle between delhi and the centre was a  tamasha jointly orchestrated to divert public attention from real issues.
;;0.5719;;two, we have seen how the aap, with the help of rss, created an anti-congress ambience that helped narendramodi grab power.
;;-0.7184;;8: a miscalculation about the dalit response that has been exacerbated by economic discontent and the threat of the so-called hindu social fabric coming apart appear to be the key reasons behind the scramble by narendramodi and the rss to condemn cow vigilantes.
;;0.34;;indira gandhisurat: prime minister narendramodi has claimed that the erstwhile indira gandhi government played the drama of nationalising banks to cover up the sacking of then finance minister morarji desai, a gujarati.
;;0.2023;;the social media giant through its application, facebook talks live, is providing a platform, where people can directly interact with top contenders in the upcoming general election, including narendramodi , arvind kejriwal, mamata banerjee, akhilesh yadav and lalu prasad.
;;0.0;;bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi would feature in the first episode of fbs candidates 2014 scheduled to go live at 8pm on march 3.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi will launch the bjps membership drive in new delhi by releasing a toll-free number.
;;0.4939;;we have to remove this dictator narendramodi and amit shah from power to save the country, she said.
;;0.7906;;a person who is respected, loved and appointed as leader by others is the real leader, mamata said, taking a veiled dig at prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah for frequently alleging that the opposition alliance doesn't have a leader.
;;0.0;;official sources said the ministry was examining the proposed rating plan to be modelled on the gunotsav scheme started by the gujarat government in 2009 when narendramodi was the state's chief minister.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and other ruling party mps donned traditional scarves from the northeast and flashed victory signs on parliament's premises before the session started.
;;0.3818;;brajesh pandey, a teacher in a higher secondary school in ajmer, recalled the promises of prime minister narendramodi made in 2014.
;;0.4215;;jaitley meetofficials also said that jaitleys meeting with ross, billed as the first cabinet level interaction between the two countries, comes in the wake of a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and us national security adviser lt general h.r. mcmaster on defence ties between the two countries.
;;0.0;;as far as i personally know narendramodi , he (modi) would not have done such things.
;;0.296;;president donald trump on friday held out the prospect of a very big trade deal with india, executing a quick shift in tone at the start of talks with prime minister narendramodi here.
;;0.5719;;picture by ashok sinhapatna: chief minister nitish kumar on sunday sang paeans on the abilities of prime minister narendramodi saying he was a person who led from the front and displayed courage while taking tough decisions.
;;0.5859;;those who lead from the front become successful in this (running governance) and our prime minister narendramodi bhai modi ji leads from the front, nitish said.
;;0.4019;;providing details about various new projects of the department, nand said prime minister narendramodi had allotted rs 54,700 crore in the special package announced for bihar in 2015.
;;-0.0258;;image: shutterstockcalcutta: the price of diesel has shot up to a 39-month high following a strong rally in global crude oil prices, erasing the gains that motorists had soaked up after the narendramodi government's excise duty cut earlier this year.
;;-0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi , who has already started talking of pushing the reform agenda after the bjp's narrow win in the gujarat elections, may face a stern test when crude oil breaches $75 a barrel and possibly ignites public resentment just when the government's fiscal-deficit goal starts to crater.
;;0.4019;;observers believe that it is part of the bjps plan to divide the muslim votes to help prime minister narendramodi maintain his 2014 victory margin of 3.
;;0.4005;;prime minister narendramodi , who released the ntcas 2018 tiger census report, said india has among the most secure habitats for tigers.
;;-0.2732;;picture by gautam deyranchi: businessmen on wednesday decried their powerlessness in a state of blackouts and low voltage, barely five days after prime minister narendramodi laid the foundation for the multi-crore patratu power plant.
;;-0.34;;: prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley in the rajya sabha, where the opposition refused to leave even after the house was adjourned for the day at 11.
;;0.0;;new delhi, june 30: prime minister narendramodi held the longest ever performance review meeting of all his ministers today, days before an impending shuffle of the council of ministers.
;;0.3182;;bharat ke mann ki baat, modi ke saath is written beside a huge picture of prime minister narendramodi on each vehicle.
;;0.0;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi may be anathema to his bihar counterpart nitish kumar but the latters state is set to go the formers way and introduce a hi-tech voting facility.
;;0.0;;12: congress general secretary digvijaya singh today wrote to prime minister narendramodi seeking transport minister nitin gadkaris removal for allegedly misusing his official position to bolster his personal businesses.
;;-0.5574;;picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: the congress on thursday accused prime minister narendramodi of blackmailing his opponents into submission and wondered what could have been the compulsion behind bihar chief minister nitish kumar leaving a secular alliance (grand alliance) to join a fascist alliance (read national democratic alliance).
;;-0.3612;;the humanitarian cease-fire, negotiated by the us and the un, came as a surprise and was announced in a statement by secretary of state john kerry in the middle of the night in india, where he had met with prime minister narendramodi , and by secretary general ban ki-moon in new york.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had on tuesday disapproved of akashs conduct.
;;0.34;;(pti)bhopal: prime minister narendramodi arrived in gwalior on sunday to address a conference of police bosses from across india where national security is discussed, a meeting that was not held last year in a break from tradition because of the gujarat assembly polls.
;;0.0;;union urban development joint secretary vijay prakash today held talks with officials of the seven cities chosen for development under prime minister narendramodi modis heritage city plan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the bogibeel bridge on december 25.
;;0.0;;the union has written to prime minister narendramodi and jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti, urging them to find mannan and let people know what exactly happened.
;;0.6486;;17: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday pitched india as a rallying pivot for security and peace across an asia pacific region spooked by china's growing military assertiveness, calling on nations to band together under principles beijing has ignored.
;;0.0;;and prime minister narendramodi is not likely to be any different.
;;-0.4588;;it had cited how prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah, and union ministers piyush goyal and arun jaitley had attacked the congress in speeches and news conferences on poll eve.
;;0.34;;16: security agencies are trying to keep pace with narendramodi following inputs that militants could target the gujarat leader who has embarked on a whirlwind cross-country election campaign, addressing rallies, sometimes several a day across states.
;;0.0;;14: former chief minister nitish kumar continued his rhetoric against prime minister narendramodi on the second day of his sampark yatra in the district.
;;0.0772;;in a near repeat of his performance in bettiah and motihari on thursday, nitish tried to prove that narendramodi was a bundle of contradictions and a man who made false promises.
;;0.6369;;this is part of prime minister narendramodi modis plan of co-operative federalism as this will give the states the freedom to design their own schemes depending on the condition there, the think-tank member added.
;;0.0;;parbati had earned the wrath of the bjd workers in her neighbourhood for submitting a petition to prime minister narendramodi during his road show at bhubaneswar.
;;-0.9081;;furious bjd activists had also harassed her after she had handed over a letter to prime minister narendramodi describing how she had been harassed and tortured for supporting the bjp.
;;0.5423;;new delhi, july 4: prime minister narendramodi had asked party colleagues not to speak out of turn to journalists but use the social media instead for public outreach.
;;0.4939;;chhau dance delhi: chhau artistes from jharkhand mesmerised prime minister narendramodi during the inaugural ceremony of national tribal festival at indira gandhi indoor stadium on tuesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis closest aide is learnt to have asked the state unit to gear up for a slew of polls the bypolls next month, urban local bodies late this year and panchayats next year.
;;0.0;;since sunday morning, kids and youths flocked to argora and harmu grounds and flew kites many of which had pictures of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister raghubar das.
;;0.5719;;asked about smart city, deb said it was prime minister narendramodi modis dream and he was following his footsteps.
;;-0.765;;subhashish mohantyprasanna acharyabhubaneswar: the bjd and congress on sunday accused prime minister narendramodi of misleading people on two major issues - the state's dispute with chhattisgarh on the mahanadi issue and setting up the paradip oil refinery.
;;-0.8555;;mohammad ayyub mev's murder comes two months after the flogging of four dalit youths by cow vigilantes had rocked gujarat and weeks after prime minister narendramodi had asked states to crack down on criminals posing as cow protectors.
;;0.8705;;(afp and pti )new delhi, may 20: when prime minister narendramodi flies to iran on sunday, he will revive a long-dormant but key transit and security partnership with tehran using a $150-million loan, a series of signed commitments and a quiet nod from his friend barack obama's administration.
;;0.4939;;sources said the ministry had started a programme called the swachh smarak abhiyan after prime minister narendramodi launched his swachh bharat abhiyan for a clean india on mahatma gandhi's birth anniversary two years ago.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi shows his inked finger after casting his vote at a booth in ranip, ahmedabad.
;;0.0;;among those who voted was prime minister narendramodi , who did so around noon at a polling booth set up at a school in sabarmati constituency of ahmedabad district.
;;0.0;;bccl employees burn the effigy of pm narendramodi in front of kharkhari colliery office in katras, dhanbad, on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;bjp national chief amit shah has asked farmers associated with the party to scratch the face of congress leaders if they question prime minister narendramodi modis agricultural policies.
;;0.0;;modi visit bhubaneswar: bjp's prime ministerial candidate narendramodi will come to the state on a one-day visit on march 12.
;;0.5994;;former jharkhand chief minister babulal marandi, present as a special guest on the occasion, strongly backed nitish's emergence as an alternative to narendramodi , asserting: nitish has done a lot for bihar.
;;-0.1336;;according to the bjp insiders, the visits have been planned by narendramodi and shah, who don't want the leaders and workers to get complacent because of the victories in uttar pradesh and manipur.
;;-0.1769;;ptithe bjp on thursday acknowledged that prime minister narendramodi was in ramnagar, where jim corbett national park is located, on the day of the pulwama terror attack but claimed he was there for an official event related to tiger conservation and not to shoot for a film as alleged by the congress.
;;-0.1531;;picture by mithun roy balurghat, april 16: mamata banerjee today returned the compliment to gujarat chief minister narendramodi for mentioning the saradha scam at a rally in siliguri.
;;0.0;;last week, prime minister narendramodi had opened and closed a speech with the slogan jai shri ram; jai, jai shri ram.
;;-0.0772;;(pti pictures)chandigarh/new delhi: tarmac welcome: no; hug: no; tweet: nothe absence of customary gestures extended to visiting world leaders by prime minister narendramodi has set off speculation on whether canadian premiere justin trudeau has been snubbed for the pro-khalistan links of some of his ministers.
;;-0.8079;;he said the congress-led government has failed on all fronts and was trying to fool the people by making false claims of development, which was not fit to be compared with the real development work happening in gujarat under the leadership of narendramodi , the partys prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi (above) after praying at kedarnath temple on saturday during his two-day pilgrimage to himalayan shrines in rudraprayag.
;;-0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi was again violating the model code of election conduct in kedarnath and the election commission was still sleeping, cpm general secretary sitaram yechury said on saturday.
;;0.0;;amid questions by some social media users whether photographers were also inside the cave, ani quoted sources as saying: prime minister narendramodi trekked 2 kms to the cave and on request of media allowed cameras to make initial visuals.
;;0.0;;(ani tweeted the picture above, saying: prime minister narendramodi meditates at a holy cave near kedarnath shrine in uttarakhand.
;;0.7269;;sources said that he was not on the panel of candidates considered on january 24 by the high-powered selection committee of prime minister narendramodi , chief justice of india ranjan gogoi and kharge, leader of the largest opposition party in the lok sabha.
;;-0.872;;a picture of modi, released by the congress that said it was clicked on february 14the congress has accused prime minister narendramodi of insulting slain soldiers by continuing to shoot for a publicity film and picnicking in corbett national park till late evening on the day of the pulwama attack that unfolded in the afternoon.
;;0.0;;he lauded prime minister narendramodi for bringing in the investment-friendly tax reform.
;;-0.6705;;several congress politicians referred to a tweet posted by former bjp union minister yashwant sinha, in which he feared that prime minister narendramodi might not relinquish office even if he lost the 2019 vote.
;;0.8316;;appreciating the swachh bharat abhiyan spearheaded by prime minister narendramodi , kataki said the doctors, nurses and other staff at bbci were also inspired by the chief minister tarun gogois nirmal assam initiative to keep the state clean.
;;0.34;;the session thus marked an end to a dramatic story at the equity markets where prime minister narendramodi played a key role.
;;-0.3182;;addressing the drought-hit southern farmers protesting for the past 18 days, rahul accused prime minister narendramodi of ignoring and disrespecting the poor while coddling the super rich.
;;0.5719;;on that day, prime minister narendramodi will speak exclusively on the jana sangh founder and ideologue, deendayal upadhyaya, from kerala's kozhikode beach and launch a meeting of the bjp's national council whose stated intent is to celebrate upadhyaya, virtually unknown outside the hindi heartland.
;;0.0;;shah had told a bharatiya janata yuva morcha rally at lakhimpur in assam on sunday that prime minister narendramodi would reintroduce the bill in parliament if the bjp returns to power.
;;0.8176;;lauding the formation of the special investigation team to pursue the issue of black money kept in foreign banks, the union minister said prime minister narendramodi had conveyed a message to the country and the world that the administration in the country has been strengthened for the interest of common citizens.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondentnarendra modinew delhi: prime minister narendramodi is likely to use his keynote address at the shangri-la dialogue in singapore on june 1 to spell out india's policy in the indo-pacific region that has been a subject of discussion in his recent informal summits with presidents xi jinping of china and vladimir putin of russia.
;;-0.5423;;he said the centre's sincerity towards solving the flood and erosion problem had become evident when prime minister narendramodi asked him to visit the erosion-hit areas of the state and assess the damage caused by floods.
;;0.4019;;it's an open secret in the party that togadia has had frosty ties with prime minister narendramodi since his days as gujarat chief minister.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday said he had set himself the target of achieving a $5-trillion economy for india because the size of the cake matters, and slammed his critics as professional pessimists.
;;0.25;;abhinandan used to mean welcome, but its meaning will change now, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday in an apparent reference to the iaf pilot released by pakistan.
;;0.7717;;the country is making steady progress under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and jharkhand can also join the development bandwagon by electing a bjp-led government, he said while addressing a rally at sindri's nehru maidan in support of bjp candidate and sitting mla phulchand mandal.
;;0.7184;;pm chaadar new delhi (pti): a chaadar (shawl) will be offered at the ajmer dargah of khwaja moinuddin chishti on behalf of prime minister narendramodi who on friday hailed the sufi saint as a symbol of great spiritual traditions of india.
;;-0.4215;;gogoi jorhat: assam chief minister tarun gogoi, who unveiled a statue of chaolung sukapha at namti in sivasagar district on tuesday, criticised prime minister narendramodi for only talking big on development.
;;0.6486;;sahebganj, april 9: sahebganj, which hit national headlines on april 6 when prime minister narendramodi laid online foundation stones for mega projects like a four-lane, 6km bridge, a inland water transport terminal and a smaller dairy project, is unused to spotlight but its long-neglected residents are now savvy enough to want instant gains.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondentnew delhi: the congress on monday alleged that prime minister narendramodi maligns the country and his predecessors during his tours abroad and his government uses state resources and instruments of power to mobilise crowds for his meetings on foreign soil.
;;-0.8481;;mumbai: defiant bjp ally shiv sena on friday criticised prime minister narendramodi for speaking about domestic issues such as rapes and corruption on foreign soil, wondering why didn't speak more in india and less overseas.
;;-0.91;;a cartoon by aseem trivedi depicting parliament as a toilet bowl to protest against corruption, a facebook post by shaheen dhada criticizing the shutdown of mumbai following bal thackerays death and a shared facebook post by mudassir rana depicting prime minister narendramodi and some others as the ten heads of ravana to name just a few, the episodes where arrests have followed political publications, particularly on social media, appear to be alarmingly frequent.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi releases bjp's manifesto for the upcoming general elections in new delhi on monday, april 8, 2019.
;;0.0;;(ap)promises of jobs and welfare took a back seat to nationalist sentiments as prime minister narendramodi released the 45-page bjp election manifesto, sankalp patra, on monday.
;;-0.1779;;national security, though, takes up two pages and kicks off with a tribute to the decisive leadership of prime minister shri narendramodi and a nod to the surgical strikes and the air strikes carried out recently.
;;-0.4404;;the native of govindpur village under ghosi block in jehanabad district, is also more than a match for prime minister narendramodi , who is when it comes to visiting foreign countries.
;;-0.6705;;in all his election speeches in himachal pradesh recently, prime minister narendramodi had launched vitriolic attacks on the congress over corruption.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi being greeted by bjp president amit shah on his arrival at parliament house, in new delhi, saturday, may 25, 2019.
;;0.0;;(pti)president ram nath kovind on saturday asked prime minister narendramodi to decide his council of ministers and the date of his swearing-in ceremony.
;;0.0258;;amid the fire-fight within the party, congress leaders hit out at narendramodi who launched a scathing attack on both singh and rahul today.
;;-0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi alleged on wednesday that mamata banerjee was killing democracy in bengal after realising that her politics of oppression and corruption over the people had ended.
;;0.1027;;the bjp on tuesday sought to serve notice on the mamata banerjee government by parading in new delhi over 60 elected representatives from the opposition in bengal, bragging that a campaign claim of narendramodi had been vindicated and announcing with impunity a seven-phase defection programme next month.
;;0.4404;;when you compare the bihar model of governance with narendramodi modis in gujarat, the bihar one is far better.
;;0.0;;31: the finance ministry has asked state-owned life insurance corporation to submit details on structuring the rs 30,000 life cover to be offered under the jan dhan yojana, unveiled by prime minister narendramodi on august 28.
;;-0.4019;;last friday, odisha chief minister naveen patnaik had sought the intervention of prime minister narendramodi for the formation of a tribunal within the stipulated timeline for early adjudication of the dispute between the two states.
;;-0.1566;;nitish kumarpatna: rjd chief lalu prasad on monday slammed nitish kumar for praising prime minister narendramodi on sunday, and said he cannot forgive the chief minister in seven lives for the way he has insulted the people's mandate.
;;0.2263;;the way nitish praised narendramodi it shows that he has lost his identity and he does not deserve to be the chief minister of the state, lalu said at his 10 circular road residence.
;;0.0;;now nitish should put a dholak around his neck and should chant the name of narendramodi for the rest of his life, lalu said in signature style.
;;0.3612;;it shows that the central agencies are at the mercy of narendramodi and amit shah, lalu alleged.
;;0.0;;its star campaigner, prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , will address two election rallies at nawada and buxar on wednesday.
;;-0.5719;;our bureaureddy (top), modinew delhi: the supreme court has told a mining-scam accused not to campaign in his bailiwick in karnataka, less than 24 hours after prime minister narendramodi suggested that criticism of bjp tickets for the baron's brothers amounted to insulting bellary.
;;0.0;;dmrc sources said the launch of the magenta line, which will connect west delhi with noida, by prime minister narendramodi will be done as scheduled on december 25.
;;0.4215;;the decision is in tune with prime minister narendramodi modis agenda to do away with archaic laws that hinder efficient governance.
;;0.4019;;the call came in response to a letter written by ram bahadur, an autorickshaw driver from sorutari village in the 14 mile area near jorabat in kamrup (metro) district, to prime minister narendramodi on april 22, requesting financial help for the treatment of his only son.
;;0.3612;;according to hussain, the centre has not taken any initiative for the mill's revival though prime minister narendramodi , at an election rally in katakhal near panchgram, had promised to open the mill if the bjp came to power in assam.
;;-0.3612;;in varanasi, where the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi is fighting aap leader arvind kejriwal in the 2014 general election, suman, an activist with a womens organisation called mahila jagriti samiti, wants the next government  whoever forms it  to place sanitation high on its priority list.
;;0.5267;;at today's flagging-off ceremony, gohain said the train was the first of its kind in the country and had become a reality because of the guidance of prime minister narendramodi and the initiatives of union railway minister suresh prabhu.
;;0.0258;;a pti report said patel is believed to have met prime minister narendramodi last week in a bid to work out a solution on the contentious issues with the rbi.
;;0.0;;on april 22, prime minister narendramodi asked all doctors in the country to prescribe generic medicines while inaugurating a hospital in surat.
;;0.2575;;(pti)new delhi: the congress said it felt compelled to end the parliamentary deadlock because important issues had to be raised, even as sections in the party resented that prime minister narendramodi was let off without expressing regret for his comments on manmohan singh.
;;0.0;;singh's clout had become apparent when he worked the power lines to get prime minister narendramodi to launch the pradhan mantri ujjwala scheme from ballia, his hometown, in may this year.
;;-0.5574;;there was an uproar in the assembly after congress legislator sherman ali ahmed made a remark about prime minister narendramodi on the issue of deportation of illegal migrants.
;;0.3612;;telegraph file picturethe congress has dismissed defence minister nirmala sitharamans justification of the purchase of 36 rafale fighter jets as lies to protect prime minister narendramodi and instructed the party machinery to intensify its agitation across the country.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressing an election rally at ramlila maidan in new delhi, wednesday, may 8, 2019.
;;-0.2023;;(pti)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday revisited the 1980s to accuse rajiv gandhi of using ins viraat as a family taxi during a 10-day vacation to lakshadweep with the then prime ministers family and in-laws from italy.
;;0.0772;;our special correspondentlucknow: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said uttar pradesh would host one of the two defence industrial corridors his government had announced in its budget proposals, calling it a landmark in the development of the state's poor bundelkhand region.
;;-0.296;;reacting to sarmas diatribe against narendramodi , bjp national vice-president s.s. ahluwalia today said sarma was narendramodi since he was worried about the kind of investigation he would face if the bjp came to power.
;;-0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi on friday assured the families of the slain crpf jawans that each drop of tear shed by them would be avenged, keeping up his aggressive stance on pakistan and asserting that his new india would not spare those who provide guns and bombs to target our soldiers.
;;-0.6705;;the rallies were also addressed by former mp abdul hamid, who criticised bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi and termed the development of gujarat a farce.
;;0.4215;;a potus visit is the kind of high-on-optics event narendramodi would have liked to embellish his tenure with as the country shifts into election mode.
;;0.1531;;the telegraph file pictureus president donald trump is understood to have declined prime minister narendramodi modis invitation to be chief guest at next years republic day parade, an invite that appears to have gone out directly to the white house without using the usual diplomatic channels.
;;0.4588;;teachers and students will benefit greatly from this, prime minister narendramodi tweeted.
;;-0.6908;;9: former ips officer d.g. vanzara, accused in the sohrabuddin sheikh and ishrat jahan fake encounter cases, today claimed that prime minister narendramodi owed his life and success to gujarat police's skill at eliminating terrorists.
;;-0.2732;;ptinarendra modikalaburagi (karnataka): prime minister narendramodi on thursday fell back on the tried and tested nationalism plank in poll-bound karnataka and accused the congress of insulting national heroes and the indian army.
;;0.4215;;(pti) new delhi, may 21: apple chief tim cook today met prime minister narendramodi and discussed the possibilities of manufacturing in india and tapping the young talent pool in the country.
;;-0.4404;;none of that appeared to have scared off vishwas, who has declared he would take on rahul gandhi in his constituency and dared narendramodi to the arena too.
;;0.6249;;people who took our tea promised to vote to make narendramodi the prime minister and ensure a corruption-free india, said vishnu mishra, a bjp leader.
;;-0.5267;;the reality is that the media love simple categories  as, for example, hindu fanatics versus helpless christians in kandhamal and the mass murderer narendramodi versus beleaguered muslims in gujarat.
;;0.1779;;the meet resolved to depute a political delegation led by ibobi singh to meet the president, prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh on passing the bills.
;;-0.7096;;21: punjab police have arrested the head of a cow vigilante group in a late-night swoop across the state's borders, finally signalling that the authorities meant business after prime minister narendramodi broke his silence on so-called bovine protectors.
;;0.1027;;the congress on monday cited a media report, claiming that the government waived anti-corruption clauses in the rafale deal, to call for a probe into who paid whom, with party chief rahul gandhi alleging that prime minister narendramodi opened the door to allow industrialist anil ambani to steal rs 30,000 crore from the air force.
;;0.0;;the tourist, identified as takumi adi, was walking to the international tourist bureau office at the cantonment railway station in varanasi, the parliamentary constituency of prime minister narendramodi , to book a train ticket to delhi when he was waylaid.
;;0.296;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday accused the past governments at the centre of ruling like sultanates and neglecting the country's rich heritage.
;;0.6705;;the bjp members wanted their congress counterparts to apologise for the slogan-shouting by lok sabha mps when prime minister narendramodi was on wednesday replying to the motion of thanks on the president's address.
;;0.6124;;2: having apparently boosted the sales of khadi products and persuaded the little ones not to litter streets with chocolate wrappers, prime minister narendramodi today promised to bring back every single penny of black money stashed in banks abroad.
;;0.0;;rahul gandhi alleged a dictatorial streak in prime minister narendramodi , prompting finance minister arun jaitley to rip into the congresss first family by referring to a possible palace coup.
;;0.9246;;before coming to power, prime minister narendramodi had promised the people of giving jobs, improving the standard of life, creating employment opportunities and better education facilities.
;;0.5994;;several insiders in the rss strongly believe that a strong bjp lobby which is unhappy with narendramodi modis increasing stature in the party sought to strike at the gujarat chief minister through nitish.
;;-0.3818;;former cricketer and darbhanga mp kirti azad, who has been suspended from the bjp, appealed to the party and prime minister narendramodi to stop polarising darbhanga, as people of mitihilanchal were peace-loving by nature.
;;-0.3612;;the pmo issued a statement that read: prime minister shri narendramodi has strongly condemned the reported incidents of vandalism in certain parts of the country and said stern action will be taken against those found guilty.
;;0.3412;;the prod to examine the technical feasibility of reviving the baranagar-barrackpore metro came within weeks of prime minister narendramodi saying that bengal must not abandon the project.
;;0.4019;;pti file photoat least seven major opposition parties, including the congress and trinamul, skipped a meeting convened by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday to discuss simultaneous elections to parliament and the state assemblies.
;;0.128;;on november 8 last year, prime minister narendramodi announced on tv that all existing rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency would cease to be legal tender.
;;0.34;;(reuters)new delhi: union home minister rajnath singh met prime minister narendramodi at his official residence on friday night and briefed him on the security situation in jammu and kashmir, government sources said.
;;-0.836;;the congress on wednesday accused amit shah of using hate and violence to create political space for the bjp in many states and said prime minister narendramodi modis talk of cooperative federalism and team india had been proved to be hollow rhetoric.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi on monday made a strong pitch for responsible pricing of crude oil that balances the interest of both producers and consumers amid concerns that volatility in oil prices could impact economies.
;;0.2732;;narendra modi imphal, july 14: kuki inpi, india, has urged prime minister narendramodi to deliver justice to the victims of alleged atrocities by nscn (isak-muivah) cadres before a settlement with the group.
;;0.0;;to mingle with the common people especially the youth who are the generation next, he said while taking a jibe at bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis series of campaigns in the state.
;;-0.8176;;some people lose their sleep when india hits back at terrorists, prime minister narendramodi said here on friday while launching a broadside against opposition parties who he claimed were putting the lives and future of the people in danger.
;;-0.8793;;picture by satish kumar dalmialucknow: thirteen children died when a train hit an overcrowded school van at an unmanned crossing in uttar pradesh on thursday, but chief minister yogi adityanath told protesters near the site to stop this drama ( nautanki) and prime minister narendramodi made a passing reference to the tragedy during an election session before exhorting karnataka cadres to ensure victory for the bjp.
;;0.5719;;the forum also appealed to prime minister narendramodi to remind the people that no development can take place in the country if there are attempts to disrupt the peaceful communal harmony prevailing in the country for centuries.
;;-0.5106;;soon after singh took over as home minister, a degree of disappointment had set in when prime minister narendramodi reserved the right to select even private secretaries to ministers.
;;-0.34;;subhashish mohantyworkers of the bjd's dalit wing set effigies of narendramodi and amit shah on fire in bhubaneswar on friday.
;;-0.4767;;13: a day after agriculture minister damodar rout targeted prime minister narendramodi , the bjd today stepped up its attack on the bjp by hitting the streets over atrocities against dalits in uttar pradesh and gujarat.
;;0.0;;picture by deepak kumar chief minister jitan ram manjhi on monday slammed prime minister narendramodi on the eve of his 100 days in office, saying: achhe din (good days) did not come to bihar.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to visit the state in january and he will lay the foundation stone for the airport, he said.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi greets guests at the swearing-in ceremony on the forecourt of the rashtrapati bhavan on thursday.
;;0.5859;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on thursday approved the reconstitution of the niti aayog, the policy think-tank created in january 2015 out of the remains of the outmoded planning commission, by inducting home minister amit shah as an ex-officio member along with three other ministers who have been similarly designated.
;;-0.4588;;the 28 per cent slab would be restricted to a few luxury goods (shutterstock)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday hinted at a further simplification of the goods and services tax (gst) structure when he said the country was reaching a point where 99 per cent of the items would come under the slab rate of 18 per cent or lower.
;;0.1531;;the unstated reminder: mig fighter jets were being made in india for more than five decades before prime minister narendramodi conceived his make in india programme.
;;0.4019;;he targeted prime minister narendramodi modis clean india mission.
;;0.0;;4: the tarun gogoi government today obliquely opposed the centres plan to telecast live prime minister narendramodi modis speech on teachers day in schools across the country via television, radio and webcast.
;;0.6369;;congress president sonia had written to prime minister narendramodi last month urging him to ensure expeditious passage of the bill, which promises 33 per cent reservation for women in legislative bodies.
;;0.4404;;new delhi, april 28: prime minister narendramodi has asked the bjp to scout beyond the political spectrum and recruit professionals to articulate the party's and the government's position in a better way, signalling an effort to capture minds in the run-up to the 2019 lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;kher had presented the song at a mahashivratri programme in coimbatore, tamil nadu, in the presence of prime minister narendramodi on february 24, 2017.
;;0.34;;the source said the alleged lapses and the possible role of insiders were discussed when prime minister narendramodi chaired a meeting of the cabinet committee on security today.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh had assured bangladesh of all possible help in the caf attack investigation.
;;-0.5859;;the congress on sunday asked prime minister narendramodi to clarify his what-if-we-had-the-rafale comment on the air strikes and accused the government of surrendering national interest by attending an oic meeting, jettisoning the self-imposed restraint it has observed since the pulwama attack.
;;0.1027;;ioc headnew delhi, july 14: prime minister narendramodi is believed to have cleared the appointment of b. ashok as the head of indian oil corporation in the first top-level appointment by the new government.
;;0.0;;i am always with the decisions of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, he said.
;;0.0;;the chiefs of the army, navy and the air force had written to prime minister narendramodi and parrikar.
;;-0.4149;;rajya sabha member and rjd national spokesperson manoj kumar jha on wednesday wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi , requesting him not to allow continuous insult to the people of bihar in lieu of their demand for a special category status.
;;-0.5423;;realisation seems to be dawning on the highest political leadership in the country which is reflected by the admission of the prime minister mr narendramodi about problems confronted in jammu and kashmir not being just developmental or economical, he said.
;;0.0;;bjp mascot narendramodi , who had held a rally for smriti this sunday, referred to the presence of rahul and his family aides in amethi today.
;;0.3818;;agp president and state agriculture minister atul bora told reporters here today that he had made the party's stand clear during the meeting of nda constituents, which was chaired by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on monday.
;;0.2732;;on may 17, prime minister narendramodi had said he would never be able to forgive her completely.
;;0.4404;;the indian assistance was offered by prime minister narendramodi during his visit to myanmar in september when the two sides agreed to bring about overall socio-economic development inrakhine by undertaking infrastructure and socio-economic projects, particularly in education, health, agriculture and allied activities, community development, construction of small bridges, upgrade of roads, small power projects, livelihood activities, promotion of household crafts and conservation of the environment and cultural heritage.
;;-0.2951;;tamil nadu chief minister o. paneerselvam wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi stating that a consensus on gst had not been reached yet and demanded higher compensation.
;;0.7351;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah called on party seniors l.k. advani and murli manohar joshi to seek their blessings on friday, a day after the resounding victory in the lok sabha elections.
;;0.2023;;for nearly four hours on monday, #gougeda was among the top 10 twitter trends, bringing to mind the #pomonemodi hashtag that went viral in may 2016 after prime minister narendramodi equated kerala to somalia over infant mortality.
;;0.7351;;the three-member panel of prime minister narendramodi , justice sikri and opposition leader mallikarjun kharge had arrived at a 2:1 decision to sack verma, with kharge dissenting on the ground that the committee had not given the cbi officer an opportunity to rebut the allegations.
;;0.6597;;recently, prime minister narendramodi said samajwadi party is assisting other parties and is not with the bsp and now we have come to know that the congress is also spreading similar rumours, yadav told reporters in lucknow.
;;0.4767;;a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping in tashkent - where both are expected to travel for the upcoming shanghai cooperation organisation summit - on the eve of the seoul meet is possible as a final effort to woo beijing.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping inside a house boat, in wuhans east lake, china on saturday.
;;0.8481;;28 (pti): prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping have decided to issue strategic guidance to their respective militaries to strengthen communications and to build trust and understanding, a top indian diplomat said on saturday.
;;0.7506;;the party strongly opposes such baseless talk and under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , the nda is becoming stronger, anand said.
;;0.3653;;10: indian officials preparing for talks tomorrow between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin were today negotiating a delicate tightrope walk to press for greater strategic cooperation without overt acceptance of moscow's ukraine adventure.
;;0.802;;addressing a rally on manda maidan in densely populated chutia locality here, the mathura bjp mp urged people to further strengthen the hand of prime minister narendramodi by voting for the party.
;;0.765;;ensure that you cast your vote for the bjp candidate to strengthen the party and bring back narendramodi with an overwhelming majority, she said.
;;-0.0315;;the bjp government led by prime minister narendramodi does not want the dalits and poor people to enjoy their rights, tejashwi alleged.
;;0.0;;housed in an eight-storey building, the construction of which started in 2010, the library is expected to be inaugurated by prime minister prime minister narendramodi at the institute's convocation ceremony next year after which it would be opened to students.
;;-0.34;;rather, i would ask him (prem) to bother about prime minister narendramodi who has left his wife for a long time.
;;0.6369;;its worth mentioning the general perception that jaitley, a member of prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet, is sympathetic towards srinivasan, something always highlighted by the latters men.
;;-0.5719;;fearing the impact of the anti-incumbency factor, jaitley has also requested narendramodi to address a public meeting in amritsar.
;;0.0;;star power poll pundits have predicted that narendramodi is going to come up trumps.
;;0.2732;;future tense the prospect of narendramodi winning the polls has rattled not just congress leaders but also some occupants of the raj bhavans.
;;0.4019;;dhubri, april 7: dhubris bjp candidate debamoy sanyal and local party leaders believe that bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis poll rally slated on april 17 here could prove to be a game changer.
;;0.5493;;it said that raos appointment, following the removal of cbi director alok verma, had come without approval from the high-powered selection committee, made up of prime minister narendramodi , chief justice of india ranjan gogoi and the leader of the largest opposition party, congress veteran mallikarjun kharge.
;;-0.802;;prime minister narendramodi tore into mamata banerjee again on sunday, saying the bengal chief ministers fulminations against him and the election commission betrayed her fear and she realised that ground beneath her feet is crumbling.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday asserted that the nda government is committed to the assam accord and mulling granting scheduled tribe status to six communities in the state.
;;0.0;;sources said the final decision to issue the ordinance came at a cabinet meeting today, hours after delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal wrote to prime minister narendramodi endorsing the court directive.
;;0.7184;;others like minister g.t. deve gowda have gone to the extent of praising prime minister narendramodi and his development model.
;;0.0;;dhubri bjp president dipak kumar saha said the partys prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis rally at dhubri was confirmed to be held on april 17.
;;0.4019;;he will wait for anti-incumbency sentiments against prime minister narendramodi and his party to grow to a level when the voters would by themselves throw them out and reinstate the congress.
;;-0.2732;;lalu, a staunch critic of prime minister narendramodi , had then said the back-to-back raids were part of politics of vendetta.
;;-0.6369;;among the questions he asked prime minister narendramodi was the promise of two crore jobs a year when the unemployment rate was at a five-year peak, the manufacturing sector's performance being the worst in five years, industrial growth, soaring prices of eatables and the grim outlook for bank credit.
;;0.0;;subhashish mohantybhubaneswar: bjd president and odisha chief minister naveen patnaik on monday called up prime minister narendramodi and union finance minister arun jaitley and congratulated them on the bjp's victory in gujarat and himachal pradesh.
;;0.2732;;sources close to the bengal chief minister said she had agreed to be present at the dinner that president pranab mukherjee would host for the bangladesh prime minister on april 8 and the lunch prime minister narendramodi will organise the next day.
;;0.0;;new delhi, july 24: prime minister narendramodi hosted rss chief mohanrao bhagwat and his colleagues for dinner this evening at his race course road residence.
;;-0.2263;;our correspondentdhanbad: prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to lay the foundation stone of the rs 6,500-crore fertilizer factory of hindustan urvarak and rasayan limited (hurl) at sindri on may 25.
;;-0.765;;modi new delhi, april 17: the congress today alleged that the reason prime minister narendramodi had dismissed the doubts about electronic voting machines as fabricated was that he feared the exposure of fabrication and manipulation that lay somewhere else.
;;-0.4767;;a resident of a village in raiwind on the outskirts of lahore - where prime minister narendramodi had visited his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif's palatial residence last december - ali was captured after an encounter with security forces in kupwara district of jammu and kashmir in which four militants were killed.
;;0.0;;in a letter today to bjp president rajnath singh and the partys prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , the front has made a firm plea for a cabinet berth.
;;0.0;;the bihar mp is among a group of bjp leaders sidelined under the present dispensation and who occasionally take a swipe at the narendramodi government.
;;0.2723;;though advani's name for the president's post had been peddled by a section of party leaders, the current leadership didn't show much interest, sources said, adding that when one minister tried to present the case of advani before narendramodi , the prime minister remained non-committal, neither declining nor accepting the plea.
;;-0.6808;;the opposition congress has been demanding a probe by the cbi and, while the union government headed by prime minister narendramodi has not given the go-ahead, sleuths from the central agency have visited the state to look into some aspects of the scam.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi sent his condolences to kabul and kathmandu after the attack.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , approved setting up of an indian institute of science, education and research (iiser) in berhampur in south odisha.
;;0.0;;but if the election dates are announced by then, the project cannot be inaugurated as planned by prime minister narendramodi , an official said.
;;0.4215;;the appointments committee of the cabinet, headed by prime minister narendramodi , on february 10 approved tyagi's appointment for a period not exceeding five years, or till the age of 65 years.
;;0.0;;capital ranchi and jamshedpur will each have a cng refilling station for vehicles by march 2019, indian oil has indicated with prime minister narendramodi scheduled to lay the foundation of a project to set up city gas distribution (cgd) networks in five districts, including dhanbad, bokaro and hazaribagh, on november 22.
;;0.0;;on november 22, prime minister narendramodi will be laying the foundation online from delhi for the cgd scheme in five districts of jharkhand.
;;0.128;;on november 8 last year, prime minister narendramodi announced that all existing rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes would cease to be legal tender.
;;0.0;;their activists also burnt the effigies of prime minister narendramodi near the rbi office.
;;0.0;;the narendramodi government should go immediately, said trinamul congress state chief arjya kumar gyanendra.
;;0.3818;;it has been one of boldest decisions of narendramodi to deal with black money.
;;0.5499;;prime minister narendramodi may have received the top united nations award on environment but his parliamentary constituency varanasi, from where he is seeking re-election, has turned breathless.
;;-0.2411;;the shahi imam, who leads prayers at the countrys biggest mosque, had sparked a controversy last month when he said he was not inviting prime minister narendramodi to the post-coronation dinner on november 29.
;;0.0;;jammu and kashmir goes to the polls this winter and prime minister narendramodi modis bjp has pitched its provincial ambitions at an unprecedented, and unlikely, high: mission 44+ is its j&k slogan for the 87-strong assembly and bjp president amit shah has taken that goal as a dare.
;;-0.7579;;weeks before xis visit, madhav, who has authored a book on china titled uneasy neighbours: india and china 50 years after the war, spoke to the telegraph on what the event means to prime minister narendramodi , and india in general, and if modis foray into japan would impact india-china relations.
;;0.1531;;file picture the venue: the hallowed portals of rashtrapati bhavan the audience: president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and a host of dignitaries the event: a performance by shillongs aroha choir shillong, dec.
;;0.0;;on the december 13 function, prime minister narendramodi and governors are expected to be present along with president pranab mukherjee.
;;0.3182;;as the bjd protested, prime minister narendramodi on monday interacted with the tribal beneficiaries of ujjwala yojana in mayurbhanj district through video conferencing.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday sought to link the oppositions mega rally in calcutta with corruption, saying his governments crackdown on graft had pushed desperate wrongdoers into joining hands.
;;-0.5423;;horrified by the unrepentant chutzpah of trivedi and co., arnab declared that it was time narendramodi and rajnath singh and amit shah intervened in these controversies to rein in the divisive rhetoric that had begun to characterize the ruling partys utterances.
;;0.4019;;in goa, for example, deepak dhavalikar  a maharashtrawadi gomantak party minister in manohar parrikars government and an ally of the bjp  declared that under narendramodi modis leadership, india would become a hindu nation.
;;-0.1926;;in this he wasnt alone; several pundits in recent days have cautioned, warned or advised narendramodi modis government about the rash of sectarian and majoritarian statements that belie the promise that narendramodi had held out (in their understanding) during his election campaign.
;;0.6839;;the most remarkable aspect of narendramodi modis electoral success was the fact that he was elected entirely on his own terms without any soothing concessions to the sensibilities of religious minorities or anxious liberals.
;;-0.6369;;no one should be surprised that the bjps deputy chief minister in goa describes himself as a christian hindu, or that another minister in the same state looks forward to narendramodi leading him into a hindu nation, or that a bjp spokesperson publicly speculates about the patriotism of sania mirza in the event of an indo-pak war.
;;-0.3818;;the cpm wondered why the government was blocking a discussion when prime minister narendramodi was a signatory to the brics resolution against israel, and alleged that the reason was political.
;;-0.1531;;iran president hassan rouhani new delhi, may 16: prime minister narendramodi will try to outpace a growing chinese shadow over central asia when he visits tehran this weekend for a much-anticipated trip to make up for a four-year period during which india subordinated its iran policy to us pressures.
;;0.0;;at the very outset of his chat with prime minister narendramodi , actor akshay kumar said he had not brought along with him any question political.
;;0.6808;;measures to stimulate the economy through infrastructure growth and job creation in msmes were the main areas of discussion during prime minister narendramodi modis interaction with economists and industry experts here on saturday.
;;0.1027;;when parrikar relocated to the centre as defence minister in prime minister narendramodi modis first shuffle, bjp sources said gadkari had swung into action and began working on the rss to move naik  then the minister of state for culture with independent charge  to panaji.
;;0.0;;16: eyeball-to-eyeball in ladakh and eye to eye on the banks of the sabarmati, india and china today set up a summit meeting of prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping even as their armies faced off on tibetan pastures.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is set to visit russia next week for a one-on-one informal meeting with president vladimir putin at the summer beach resort of sochi on the black sea.
;;-0.743;;prime minister narendramodi expressed grief at the accident.
;;0.7783;;but other officials said that the nsa, considered a close confidant of prime minister narendramodi and who had virtually called the shots in the earlier home ministry led by rajnath singh, is unlikely to have the same freedom now.
;;0.0;;the trial run comes days after prime minister narendramodi announced here on november 29 that the nda government would act east to take the look east policy forward to connect the region with southeast asian countries.
;;0.4215;;the appointments committee of the cabinet, headed by prime minister narendramodi , has approved of vishwanathan's appointment, an official source said.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi laughs as he flies a kite at the national monument in jakarta on wednesday.
;;-0.5001;;the sordid drama surrounding the sudden about-turn over the fuel price cut was blamed on a technical glitch and a clerical error in the calculations but triggered sharp criticism of the narendramodi government over its insensitiveness on a hot-button issue, especially after a relentless increase in pump prices over the past fortnight.
;;0.4215;;the meeting, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , approved the setting up of an iiser in southern odisha's berhampur.
;;0.3182;;the state government said it would examine a fresh proposal from the centre on implementing the health scheme, a pet project of prime minister narendramodi that offers cover up to rs 5 lakh.
;;0.6369;;22: hope floats in the valley after prime minister narendramodi today recognised the need for a dialogue to find a lasting solution to the kashmir issue.
;;-0.6124;;picture by prem singhahmedabad: gujarat speaker rajendra trivedi has provoked criticism by describing b.r. ambedkar and prime minister narendramodi as brahmins, claiming that any learned person can be described thus.
;;0.2263;;he appealed to prime minister narendramodi to impose prohibition across the country out of respect for gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
;;0.4215;;13: the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , today approved construction of a new link from sahibganj bypass in jharkhand to manihari bypass in bihar, including a four-lane bridge over the ganga.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , had in june approved rs 1742.
;;0.4019;;14 (pti): the congress on thursday said the election commission was a puppet of the ruling bharatiya janata party for not acting against prime minister narendramodi after his roadshow in gujarat on thursday.
;;0.0772;;1: the rjd today accused prime minister narendramodi of not doing anything for accredited social health activists (asha), anganwadi workers and farmers and not setting up another aiims in the state as promised.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi speaks his mann ki baat (whatever is on his mind) on tv and radio, but nothing moves on the ground, rjd vice-president and former union minister raghuvansh prasad singh said today.
;;-0.2354;;high wages for agricultural labourers also increases the burden on farmers, thus proving that the narendramodi government is not in the least bothered about them (farmers).
;;-0.5859;;he restricted his speeches to attacking prime minister narendramodi , even playing recordings of modi's speeches during the 2014 lok sabha election campaign.
;;0.6705;;istockvictims of human trafficking have written to prime minister narendramodi , expressing their support to the anti-trafficking bill and hoping for its early passage in the rajya sabha.
;;0.4939;;the commissioner, whose concerted efforts in the area have already been praised by the pmo, said prime minister narendramodi was scheduled to meet them at vigyan bhavan in new delhi on september 30.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to flag off the train soon.
;;0.3612;;senior leader sushil kumar modi continued to declare that narendramodi was unstoppable and the alternative before the people was between a strong government and anarchy.
;;0.5719;;new delhi, march 20: the congress today alleged that narendramodi had deliberately compromised with national security along gujarats coastline close to the pakistan border, mounting a rare offensive on national security that the bjp considers its strongest plank.
;;0.0;;it took the partys prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis persuasion to make lalmuni pull out of the race.
;;0.5719;;i had to honour narendramodi modis request.
;;0.0;;he would, however, campaign for narendramodi in varanasi.
;;0.0258;;16: chief minister narendramodi yesterday launched a scathing attack on the state congress, saying the opposition party wanted to take gujarat back to the 18th century.
;;0.3612;;ujjwal pareek courtesy: ujjwal pareek's facebook pagehe was hardly seen at the bjp office or at political rallies of prime minister narendramodi or bjp national president amit shah.
;;0.6705;;senior agp leader and former chief minister prafulla kumar mahanta today moved prime minister narendramodi to revisit the decision on oil fields in the greater interest of assam.
;;0.2023;;the bjps most visible campaign is playing on led tvs prime minister narendramodi modis recorded speeches.
;;0.4939;;the organisers said they have invited prime minister narendramodi to inaugurate the festival.
;;0.2732;;(pti)rahul gandhi on thursday spoke for the first time in the new lok sabha, flagging the terrible plight of farmers in his constituency wayanad and accusing the narendramodi government of favouring rich businessmen over them.
;;0.7269;;those who ruled for decades are responsible, rajnath said, crediting prime minister narendramodi with taking steps like no other government to improve the condition of farmers.
;;0.6705;;congress insiders had said she was probably alluding to rahuls unwavering grit in taking on prime minister narendramodi after the 2014 rout, at a time most people in his own party doubted his ability and commitment.
;;0.7579;;27: two important jat leaders of the bjp today joined the congress, with party sources saying it was a sign of the community's growing disenchantment with prime minister narendramodi whom they had supported in the 2014 parliamentary elections.
;;0.0;;the source said bora had allegedly posted objectionable remarks on facebook mentioning prime minister narendramodi , chief minister sarbananda sonowal, some politicians and senior police officers.
;;-0.296;;he refused comment when asked if gujarat chief minister narendramodi was a secular leader who could be an able prime minister.
;;-0.4767;;sarkar blamed the congress government for skyrocketing prices of essential commodities and said the corporate sector keeps congress vice-president rahul gandhi and bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi in their pockets.
;;-0.4404;;sudhir kumar mishramann ki baat: prime minister narendramodi during the foundation stone laying ceremony of several projects at baliapur block of dhanbad district on friday.
;;0.0772;;16: the narendramodi government has quietly buried a key legacy of the country's approach to the non aligned movement (nam), for the first time sending a delegation without india's foreign minister to the 120-member grouping's summit - with an excuse few are buying.
;;0.0516;;vice-president hamid ansari is already filling in for prime minister narendramodi at the heads of government meeting of the nam tomorrow on the picturesque margarita island off the northeastern coast of venezuela, only the second time an indian pm has avoided the summit.
;;-0.296;;sharma said since prime minister narendramodi has said the government has no business in doing business, the centre has decided to transfer the brahmaputra ashok, a three-star hotel in guwahati, to the assam government.
;;0.743;;prime minister narendramodi has proved its importance in choosing the medium to reach out to the masses, speakers said while celebrating the 55th anniversary of the sambalpur station of all india radio here on saturday night.
;;0.4404;;bjp supporters wear masks of prime minister narendramodi during an election rally for the last phase of the lok sabha polls, in patiala, on may 16, 2019.
;;-0.6486;;several playwrights, filmmakers, musicians and comedians say their work has been censored or cancelled following pressure, sometimes backed up by physical threats, from hindu hardline groups that have multiplied since prime minister narendramodi came to power in 2014.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis today called on prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.6808;;19: prime minister narendramodi today took to twitter to seek suggestions from the public to help re-fashion the soviet-inspired planning commission, which supporters say is in line with a new, open style of governance.
;;0.4767;;the drdo also said on saturday that it had received approval for the test from the prime minister narendramodi in 2016.
;;-0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi has disclosed he assumed that cloud cover and rain would prevent pakistani radars from detecting indian fighter planes and gave the decisive go-ahead for the balakot air strikes when experts were confused about launching the operation in bad weather.
;;-0.34;;former mp and leader of karbi anglong's hills state demand committee, jayanta rongpi, said a delegation would soon meet prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh in new delhi demanding that the decision be withdrawn.
;;0.3612;;the decision to grant st (hills) status to the bodos living in the hills of the state and st status to the karbis living in the plains of assam (morigaon and kamrup) was announced by prime minister narendramodi during his kokrajhar visit.
;;0.34;;(pti)ending decades-long rivalry, sp patriarch mulayam singh yadav and mayawati friday shared dais at an election rally here with the bsp president describing the sp patron as a real leader of the backwards, unlike prime minister narendramodi whom she dubbed as farzi.
;;0.3612;;he is not a 'naqli' or 'farzi' backward (leader) like narendramodi .
;;0.0;;i remember prime minister narendramodi had said when bihar develops, the whole country will develop and if bihar does not develop, the country will not.
;;0.0;;during the 2014 general election, giriraj had said those who did not vote for narendramodi should be sent to pakistan.
;;-0.1719;;we agreed that our economic relations do not do justice to our potential, prime minister narendramodi said at a joint briefing with chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.0516;;the suggestion, from the lawns of the top court, came days after a similar call from prime minister narendramodi for simultaneous lok sabha and assembly elections - a pet issue for the nda government after its aggressive pitch for linking aadhaar cards with various services and government schemes.
;;0.872;;founder of the samajwadi party mulayam singh yadav telegraph picturethe bjp has seized on mulayam singh yadavs lavish praise for prime minister narendramodi in parliament, hoping that the samajwadi party patriarchs comments on wednesday would confuse voters leaning towards the sp-bsp alliance the heartland twins have formalised for the upcoming general election.
;;0.5106;;thank you mulayam singh yadav ji for stating in the lok sabha the voice of inner-self of 125 crore indians, the hoarding stated, with a big picture of narendramodi and other top bjp leaders with a grab of a news channel flashing mulayams statement.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi called former prime minister and janata dal secular leader h.d. deve gowda to wish him on his 85th birthday.
;;0.9001;;he alleged that the congress had tried to underestimate ambedkar's contribution to national integrity, but prime minister narendramodi was committed to giving him his due honour.
;;-0.6597;;in view of high incidence of cancer and limited treatment facilities in assam and the northeast, kataki way back in 2014 had requested then union minister and now chief minister designate sarbananda sonowal to take up the matter with prime minister narendramodi for transfer of bbci to the department of atomic energy, government of india, and to develop it into a centre of excellence for cancer treatment, education and research.
;;0.0;;3: india has quietly called off a date between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin in kudankulam next week amid friction over a nuclear plant there that the two nations had planned to showcase as a marquee symbol of their time-tested ties.
;;0.5859;;he thanked prime minister narendramodi for launching the campaign and hailed the achievement of mawlynnong, dubbed asia's cleanest village, in east khasi hills, about 85km from here.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is focusing on odisha and looking for the bjp to making inroads in this eastern state.
;;0.4588;;an astounding race against time blasted off the blocks in the highest echelons of the country on wednesday with the narendramodi government as well as the reinstated cbi director setting a blistering pace.
;;0.886;;the selection committee is made up of prime minister narendramodi , congress leader mallikarjun kharge and justice a.k. sikri, the second senior-most supreme court judge who was included after chief justice of india ranjan gogoi recused himself because he himself had authored tuesdays judgment delivered by a three-judge bench.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi today met a petroleum ministry team, led by minister dharmendra pradhan, which advocated a price hike.
;;0.6369;;businessmen of fancy bazar, the citys commercial hub, are euphoric as indias future is in the hands of prime minister narendramodi , who initiated the goods and services tax and mudra scheme, among others.
;;-0.7351;;picture by prem singh new delhi, july 28: rahul gandhi today taunted prime minister narendramodi over the rising prices, claiming the poor everywhere were crying: arhar modi, arhar modi, arhar modi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi may have shifted home from gandhinagar to new delhi this past may, but it is the capital of gujarat that will transform into the country's diplomatic centre at the start of 2015 as it hosts two back-to-back international summits.
;;-0.6605;;8: prime minister narendramodi today made his most direct pitch yet for a global effort to isolate and impose sanctions on islamabad over terrorism, seated next to some of the world's most influential leaders in a grouping that does not include pakistan.
;;0.5659;;the direct push to isolate and sanction pakistan and the care to not escalate tensions with china, while sticking to india's traditional posture on the south china sea, reflect a tactical balance the narendramodi government is trying to maintain, senior officials told the telegraph.
;;0.2263;;9: prime minister narendramodi today said foreign investments worth $100 billion were knocking at the doors of india and it was up to the states to lap up as much as they can.
;;-0.765;;file picturesrinagar: chief minister mehbooba mufti on sunday asked prime minister narendramodi and pakistan not to let jammu and kashmir become a battleground, her appeal following the death of 11 indians in cross-border shelling since friday.
;;0.0;;picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: an independent organisation working for the protection of the mahanadi on sunday passed a resolution to seek an appointment with prime minister narendramodi and apprise him about the prevalent situation in the basin following the chhattisgarh government's decision to close the kalma barrage gates.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the incubation centre last year.
;;0.1531;;the bjp's parliamentary board, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , will meet tomorrow to consider all aspects of the jammu and kashmir verdict and take a call on government formation.
;;0.0;;strict rule narendramodi is trying to induct his colleagues into a new school of thought.
;;0.0;;many may buy into them because of the aura that narendramodi has lent to her campaign.
;;0.4019;;many analysts (unlike the opposition parties) have rated the performance of the bharatiya janata party government, led by narendramodi , after around 30 months in office at 70 per cent or higher.
;;-0.1531;;a family insider told this newspaper that mulayam had developed good equations with prime minister narendramodi and wouldn't do anything to harm the bjp.
;;-0.8074;;he refused to attack even bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , arguing that ideological differences didnt mean personal enmity.
;;0.7269;;prime minister narendramodi and us president barack obama had been pushing for the treaty, crucial for a future free trade pact, raising hopes that it could come through in august before the us presidential elections.
;;-0.1531;;picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: rjd national vice-president raghuvansh prasad singh on monday slammed prime minister narendramodi and chief minister nitish kumar and held them responsible for unemployment.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has always believed that the centre and the states should work in tandem for development, he said.
;;0.0;;wfi president brij bhushan sharan singh met prime minister narendramodi and requested him to forward narsingh's case to the central bureau investigation (cbi) for further investigation.
;;-0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi felt the pain of women and girls, and a nationwide drive was started.
;;-0.3612;;as far as poll-related violence (in bengal) is concerned, it is clear the bjp and the centre, led by the guru, prime minister narendramodi and his chela, bjp president amit shah have been targeting mamatajis government, said mayawati.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondentnew delhi: the national campaign for peoples' right to information on friday urged prime minister narendramodi to put the proposed amendments to the rti act in the public domain in keeping with the government's policy of pre-legislative consultations.
;;0.3182;;union minister for road transport and highways nitin gadkari had laid the foundation stone for the much-awaited bridge in july following a prolonged campaign by ray who continues to maintain that the project needed to be executed expeditiously as it was a promise made by prime minister narendramodi himself.
;;0.7506;;in 2016, the announcement made by bjp leaders and even by prime minister narendramodi who had held a public meeting in birpara that the centre would facilitate reopening of the closed gardens, particularly the tea estates of duncans goenka group, had brought them the assembly seat, the second seat that the party had won in north bengal.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has visited the state thrice in the current calendar year.
;;0.0;;a day before nitish urged prime minister narendramodi to declare patna university a central varsity, kushwaha had issued a statement saying the university should be accorded central varsity status.
;;0.0;;the cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi yesterday gave the go-ahead to a proposal to introduce bills in parliament to amend the constitution (scheduled tribes) order, 1950, to include the 12 communities from assam, chhattisgarh, jharkhand, tamil nadu and tripura.
;;0.0;;9: rjd president lalu prasad today cautioned the voters of bokaro against the bjp, saying that narendramodi rose to the prime minister's chair through cheap gimmicks and was now trying to rule jharkhand through same tactics.
;;-0.4404;;while she may not add to our seat tally, she has enough cadre following to damage our prospects in certain seats, a source said, adding that this reality may have forced narendramodi and amit shah to concede a seat to her sister.
;;-0.3412;;at least one expert said the initial signal was not good, especially after prime minister narendramodi submitted puja offerings directly into the ganga after the bjps victory.
;;0.6486;;but all roads tomorrow will lead to prabhat tara ground where shah will address the partys mega conclave, the venue where prime minister narendramodi addressed an enthusiastic audience on august 21.
;;0.2263;;i had personally interacted with him during an inter-state meeting called by prime minister narendramodi in delhi earlier this year and requested him to hand over the cadastral and revisional survey maps of jharkhand as we had already deposited funds (labour costs, etc) to the bihar government, das told the media at the circuit house, alluding to the long delay.
;;-0.4939;;the chief minister questioned the saffron camp's allegedly divisive politics and criticised prime minister narendramodi without taking his name.
;;0.128;;25 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on monday launched a 12-km stretch of delhi metro's magenta line with a ride between the botanical garden and the okhla bird sanctuary stations here.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondentsalute to soldiers: narendramodi pays tribute to martyred uae soldiers at wahat al karama in abu dhabi on sunday.
;;-0.3818;;writers and activists i know  and sometimes admire  were nervous that the victory of a narendramodi modi-led coalition would lead to a period of authoritarian and even fascist rule in the country.
;;-0.5574;;in his ongoing campaign tour, narendramodi has regularly made nasty personal remarks about his political rivals.
;;-0.7003;;those who fear that, were he to become prime minister, narendramodi would inaugurate a period of fascist or even emergency-like rule in india, underestimate the strength of our democratic institutions, and the robustness of our federal system.
;;0.3818;;if narendramodi does become our next prime minister, what kind of policies shall he promote?
;;0.3612;;some legislators gave the example of prime minister narendramodi , who will skip the world cup final in brazil on july 13, where several world leaders will be present, because he would like to be in parliament when his government presents its first budget.
;;0.0;;illustration by rahul awasthiinterestingly, kumar is campaigning for prime minister narendramodi for the first time.
;;0.4939;;indian prime minister narendramodi also congratulated malala for her journey of immense grit and courage.
;;0.4588;;sanjeev kumar vermamotihari: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday dedicated the madhepura electric locomotive factory to the nation and also flagged off the first electric engine manufactured at the unit through remote control from motihari.
;;0.0;;new delhi, june 1: reserve bank governor raghuram rajan today met prime minister narendramodi and is likely to have discussed the macro-economic situation and issues related to price rise.
;;0.0;;the governor of the reserve bank of india, raghuram rajan, called on prime minister narendramodi at 7, race course road today.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi and us vice-president mike pence held talks on wednesday on a wide range of bilateral and global issues of mutual interests, including defence and trade cooperation, ways to counter terrorism and the need for maintaining a free and open indo-pacific.
;;0.3818;;this is usually framed as a narendramodi versus rahul gandhi contest, with most polls showing modi as having a clear edge in the imagination of the middle-class, english-speaking voter.
;;0.4939;;in motihari, east champaran, on april 10, prime minister narendramodi talked about kachra se kanchan (making wealth from waste).
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had visited the temple in varanasi to ravidas, a mystic poet- sant of the bhakti movement, on february 22, while amit shah, the party's national president, had unveiled a statue of raja suheldev, an 11th century rajbhar king, in bahraich on february 24.
;;0.6124;;sushil's scheme poserpatna: former deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi on tuesday questioned the legality of the assembly forming a special committee to monitor and implement the special package prime minister narendramodi announced before the assembly elections and other central schemes.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is also silent on the issue.
;;0.507;;new delhi, june 3: mexico will seek india's shoestring-budget space technology to launch its own satellites when prime minister narendramodi visits the country next week on a trip that could kick-start new delhi's most sustained engagement with the key latin american country in recent years.
;;0.5563;;although theresa may's talks with narendramodi during her visit to india last november got stuck on the question of easing the strict visa regime for indian students and business transfers, there does seem to be a more sympathetic attitude towards the commonwealth on the part of the british government.
;;-0.3182;;the chief minister has been criticising the narendramodi government over making aadhaar compulsory for schemes and benefits and has refused to link her aadhaar to her cellphone numbers.
;;-0.34;;prime minister narendramodi should take moral responsibility and immediately resign, said mannan.
;;-0.0772;;pticongress president rahul gandhi on sunday alleged that prime minister narendramodi has denied employment opportunities in universities to deprived sections, as his mantra is their exit from the mainstream and the development of industrialist friends.
;;0.7906;;he will be meeting prime minister narendramodi at the raj bhavan and will be felicitated because of his great grandfather pindiki bahubalendra's contribution to the freedom struggle.
;;0.6369;;picture by jai prakash during the elections, prime minister narendramodi had promised to develop 100 smart cities in india.
;;0.4019;;telegraph picturepatna: an mp from the lok janshakti party (ljp), which is part of the bjp-led national democratic alliance, on monday staged a dharna against the narendramodi government at the centre and the nitish kumar government in bihar.
;;-0.4215;;veena claimed that after trying in vain to meet prime minister narendramodi for a while, she could finally meet him on may 19.
;;-0.4404;;18: meghalaya chief minister mukul sangma continued his criticism of prime minister narendramodi today by saying that demonetisation had brought the wheel of development to a standstill.
;;-0.3612;;17: an executive member of the bjp and former minister of assam government, atul bora, today sent a letter to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to take an initiative to hand over the inquiry of jogdol murder case to the cbi.
;;0.4391;;chief minister naveen patnaik made odisha's concerns quite clear when he shot off a letter to prime minister narendramodi on july 4, saying that the mahanadi had a direct impact on 50 per cent of the state's population.
;;-0.4404;;tejashwi wondered if nitish was scared of directly approaching prime minister narendramodi for the same.
;;0.836;;this way the government can nurture innovation, create jobs and provide economic opportunity to all, he said following the summit that was addressed by prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump's daughter ivanka trump.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi modis wave and chief minister nitish kumars work have done the miracle in bihar, tyagi said.
;;-0.8519;;prime minister narendramodi expressed anguish over the tragedy.
;;-0.25;;congress mps trooped to the well and shouted gali gali mein shor hai, chowkidar chor hai (there is a cry in the streets that the sentinel is a thief), referring to prime minister narendramodi modis oft-repeated claim that he is the custodian of the countrys resources.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at an event in mumbai on tuesday, december 19, 2018.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi had promised a bandh and blockade-free manipur during his election rally here.
;;0.0;;he was elected by the people, biren singh told reporters before leaving imphal to call on prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh and president pranab mukherjee.
;;0.3612;;snehamoy chakrabortysantiniketan: visva-bharati is making ready two rooms for prime minister narendramodi and his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina at udayan, one of the houses where rabindranath tagore used to stay.
;;-0.8126;;14: prime minister narendramodi will tomorrow articulate to chinese president xi jinping indian concerns over differences on terrorism that have hardened since the uri attack, but he has been cautioned against allowing tensions to overshadow two key multilateral summits india is hosting.
;;0.128;;the double standards of these parties show that there is no alternate to prime minister narendramodi , he said.
;;-0.2263;;congress leader anand sharma, in his supplementary query, demanded that the government make public the minutes of the meeting between prime minister narendramodi and former french president fracois hollande held last year on the rafale deal, and settle the controversy once for all.
;;0.128;;however, bhagwati pur, the village where prime minister narendramodi launched the beti bachao campaign in january 2014, the sex ratio at birth plummeted from 848.
;;0.0;;on the left, across the aisle, sat prime minister narendramodi , who visited the house for about 20 minutes, and leader of the house arun jaitley, the finance minister.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi greets maldivian president ibrahim mohamed solih as maldivian first lady fazna ahmed looks on during a ceremonial reception at rashtrapati bhavan on monday.
;;0.8779;;india and the maldives already have a currency-swap agreement but male had, in the preparatory meeting for mondays summit-level engagement between prime minister narendramodi and president ibrahim mohamed solih, urged delhi to extend it to six months from the existing three and increase the amount from $200 million.
;;0.0;;party spokespersons said leaders in uttar pradesh would react to the defeat in the gorakhpur and phulpur lok sabha by-elections, in what appeared to be an attempt to insure prime minister narendramodi and party boss amit shah against blame.
;;0.5267;;i laud the hard work of team @bjp4delhi which made the resounding mcd win possible, prime minister narendramodi tweeted.
;;0.6705;;this is the victory of the continuous faith of the people of the country in the welfare schemes and the policy of sabka saath, sabka vikaas (the support of all, development for all) of prime minister narendramodi , shah said.
;;0.0;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , jabbar and members of other ngos working with gas survivors have urged him to get the toxic materials removed under the swachh bharat abhiyan.
;;0.0;;narendra modi offers prayers at kashi vishwanath temple in varanasi on monday picture by ptiprime minister narendramodi visited his parliamentary constituency and offered prayers at the kashi vishwanath temple on monday, four days after he steered the bjp to power in new delhi with a resounding victory of 303 seats in the lok sabha.
;;0.1027;;rahul gandhi taunted prime minister narendramodi on wednesday for getting defence minister nirmala sitharaman to defend him during the rafale debate in parliament instead of facing the questions himself.
;;0.7003;;by narendramodi on rafale and highlighting his failure to answer questions upfront, rahul hopes to dent the prime ministers image as an honest and decisive leader, perceived attributes that had served him well in 2014.
;;0.0;;7: prime minister narendramodi will hold a meeting on wednesday to review the performance of key infrastructure sectors, including coal and power.
;;0.0516;;during campaigning, narendramodi had dubbed ncp the naturally corrupt party and exhorted the people of baramati to break free of the slavery of chacha-bhateeja (sharad and ajit pawar are uncle and nephew).
;;0.3818;;we have personally briefed prime minister narendramodi and he has assured us that the matter will be placed in parliament to pass it as an act.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was in the house when prasad spoke.
;;0.3612;;during his election campaign, mr narendramodi promised that orop will be implemented immediately after the bjp came to power.
;;0.5423;;he also said the meeting of all 60 legislators with prime minister narendramodi on the peace process will be held soon.
;;-0.4404;;picture by ranjeet kumar dey patna, may 23: students islamic movement of india (simi) has joined hands with indian mujahideen to carry out attacks on the prime minister-designate narendramodi to eliminate him.
;;-0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi himself had addressed rallies in barhait and dumka, hemant's battlefields.
;;0.5574;;lal ji tandon telegraph picturebihar governor lal ji tandon on sunday sang hosannas to prime minister narendramodi , adding almost as an afterthought that the praise had nothing to do with electoral politics.
;;0.34;;if you think from the angle of humanity then your soul would say if there is someone who is working day and night for your development then his name is narendramodi , tandon said at a programme in patna to mark the launch of pm kisan samman nidhi scheme that entails giving small and marginal farmers rs 6,000 per annum in three instalments.
;;-0.5574;;he asserted that the real event would be when prime minister narendramodi would ban liquor in at least the bjp-ruled states.
;;0.4404;;china is where prime minister narendramodi can hope to find a major breakthrough.
;;0.4019;;mishra said he had asked prime minister narendramodi during a recent meeting in delhi to help bengal achieve a turnaround in the small savings sector.
;;0.6597;;congress supporters get ready to burn effigies of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister pema khandu in itanagar on thursday.
;;-0.25;;at the capital, hundreds of congress workers, led by arunachal pradesh pcc president takam sanjoy, staged a sit-in protest in front of the civil secretariat where they later burnt effigies of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister pema khandu.
;;0.4215;;earlier this month, prime minister narendramodi had laid the online foundation of jamshedpur womens university from srinagar, making it the first such institution for womens higher education in bihar and jharkhand, approved by rashtriya uchchatar shiksha abhiyan (rusa).
;;0.0;;same can be said about gopal (40), who, despite some fumbles, had managed to speak to the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi on february 12 at the much-hyped chai pe charcha event.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , diplomats from 13 countries and several international scholars have confirmed their participation in the three-day conclave at nirora, 30km from ujjain, from may 12 to 14.
;;0.0;;prime ministers narendramodi and david cameron had declared that 2017 would be a year of cultural exchange between india and britain, and british council would spearhead the programmes.
;;0.0;;sitting arrangements being finalised at police lines in sahebganj on wednesday, the day before prime minister narendramodi modis public meeting.
;;-0.5106;;new delhi, july 29: several congress leaders used id to target prime minister narendramodi for his silence on recent incidents of communal violence even as sonia gandhi and rahul avoided any political overtones in their festival messages.
;;-0.7003;;in particular, given the horrors of 2002 perpetrated on his watch, and his subsequent rhetorical excesses, there were real doubts as to whether narendramodi would reach out to muslims, and indeed whether their needs even figured in his idea of india.
;;0.0;;pompeos visit is expected to prepare the groundwork for a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and president donald trump on the sidelines of the g20 meeting on june 28-29 at osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;ptiby going public with his decision to wash the feet of sanitary workers in allahabad on sunday, prime minister narendramodi appears to have unwittingly turned the spotlight onto his personal view articulated over a decade ago.
;;0.4019;;speaking on the occasion, the railway minister said after prime minister narendramodi came to power, he prioritised the railway sector and special attention was paid to developing the railway network in the northeast.
;;0.0;;constables of ranchi district police attend a roll call on tuesday near prabhat tara ground in dhurwa, where prime minister narendramodi will address a gathering on thursday.
;;0.8271;;when prime minister narendramodi pays his maiden visit to the state capital on august 21, the sports authority of indias ranchi centre will kick off a flagship event to cream off talented athletes and honour his 100-day agenda.
;;0.0;;dev rajvijay rupani and nitish kumarpatna: chief minister nitish kumar will fly to gujarat in the early hours of tuesday to attend the swearing-in ceremony of the newly elected bjp government there in what is being interpreted as an attempt to cement further his ties with prime minister narendramodi and the bjp.
;;-0.5106;;nitish accepted a cheque of rs 5 crore sent by the gujarat government in the aftermath of the floods in north bihar this year, although he had returned a cheque of a similar amount sent by the then narendramodi government in gujarat sent in the aftermath of the 2008 kosi tragedy.
;;0.0;;nitish had reasoned reason that gujaratis will vote for the bjp because narendramodi is the pm and the son of the soil.
;;-0.296;;jumbo pleathiruvananthapuram (pti): a kerala-based animal rights group has sought the intervention of prime minister narendramodi , who is the chairman of the national board for wildlife, to stop the use of crackers inside forest areas to ward off straying wild animals, especially elephants.
;;0.3818;;sked about narendramodi , he said: modi is a pm candidate and we will accept the outcome of this election.
;;-0.4215;;babul barb union minister babul supriyo today criticised mamata for not attending the recent meeting prime minister narendramodi had held in delhi with chief ministers.
;;0.0;;the exercise assumes urgency because prime minister narendramodi leaves for the us on september 25 and returns on october 1.
;;0.2023;;the rally in muzaffarpur on march 3 by narendramodi , the bharatiya janata partys prime ministerial candidate, was a significant departure from all the other public meetings he had addressed in the last couple of years across the country.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi had recently called the state government a 10 per cent commission government and a seedha rupaiah government, playing on the chief minister's name.
;;-0.5574;;he said they would highlight the problem before prime minister narendramodi , if the state government failed to take prompt action.
;;-0.7783;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the note ban on november 8 last year, and rjd chief lalu prasad on monday said the decision destroyed the country's economy.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi today said each of the over 30,000 colleges in india should send a hundred students every year to the states in the northeast.
;;0.296;;mamata is slated to share the dais on friday with prime minister narendramodi at the convocation of visva-bharati in santiniketan and the inauguration of the bangladesh bhavana.
;;0.6369;;in their talks, prime minister narendramodi and vietnamese president tran dai quang also promised to expand bilateral cooperation in several key sectors, including defence, oil and gas, and agriculture.
;;0.0;;the indian air force helicopter with narendramodi (below) flies out of the barwaddah airstrip in dhanbad after the prime minister addressed a rally on tuesday.
;;-0.25;;9: prime minister narendramodi addressed dhanbad's largest ever political rally with over 2 lakh people in attendance today, choosing not to refer to specific coal belt concerns like illegal mining and pollution, dwelling, instead, on ideas he has already articulated in six earlier public meetings across jharkhand.
;;0.0;;more than 400 districts covering 70 per cent of the population will have access to piped gas over the next few years, prime minister narendramodi said here on thursday.
;;0.0;;the 200-metre stretch from albert ekka chowk to sarjana chowk boasts four giant posters featuring prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah.
;;0.0;;assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal has been invited to inaugurate it as the chief guest while prime minister narendramodi will address the participants through a video conference on the first day.
;;0.3818;;venue challenge bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi would increase the frequency of his visits to bihar.
;;0.4019;;the leader, who was speaking to some journalists off the record, said the political will the government had shown in crossing the border had convinced people that prime minister narendramodi was a different political entity from his predecessors.
;;-0.4215;;(pti)new delhi: congress president rahul gandhi on saturday bluntly asked prime minister narendramodi to tell the nation how rs 22,000 crore of public money was looted from banks instead of tutoring children how to cope with examination stress.
;;0.34;;distance from power alone makes journalism meaningful; cheek-to-cheek selfies with narendramodi represent an ethical decline among numbers of journalists that can be put down to the bjp's policy of constant pressure on the media to fall in line.
;;0.296;;he said a state-level campaign on the lines of the campaign championed by prime minister narendramodi should be started to focus on getting rid of a licence raj.
;;0.7096;;17: nagaland governor p.b. acharya today called on president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi , national security adviser ajit doval and the interlocutor for naga peace talks, r.n. ravi, in delhi during the course of the day to find a way out of the standoff triggered by the urban local body polls with 33 per cent reservation for women.
;;0.8402;;13: the supreme court today directed an ahmedabad court to complete within three months the trial in the gulbarg society case, in which a special investigation team had given then chief minister narendramodi a clean chit.
;;-0.4767;;19: prime minister narendramodi modis decision to cry off foreign secretary talks with pakistan after an islamabad envoy met a kashmiri separatist has earned him brownie points with the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh.
;;0.0;;however, prime minister narendramodi is set to address the gathering of swachhagrahis in motihari in east champaran on april 10.
;;0.4939;;kmss president akhil gogoi said here today, on february 22 this year narendramodi said in pasighat that with the use of environment friendly technology, small dams could generate electricity.
;;-0.4019;;our correspondentbhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik on friday urged prime minister narendramodi for the fourth time to constitute a tribunal to settle the mahanadi water dispute with chhattisgarh.
;;-0.3182;;22: bjp president amit shah has followed in prime minister narendramodi modis steps  of aggressively wooing the backward classes  by appointing rajya sabha mp bhupender yadav (45) as the partys bihar in-charge.
;;0.0;;it is pertinent to point out here that narendramodi had harped on his backward class origins during his campaign in champaran.
;;0.8591;;the bjps shahnawaz hussain, uday singh (pappu), nikhil choudhary and pradip singh had comfortably won the bhagalpur, purnea, katihar and araria seats, respectively, thanks to the bihar chief minister keeping the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi at bay and aggressively campaigning for them.
;;-0.296;;31: prime minister narendramodi today said even sardar vallabhbhai patel's family had no copyright over him, in a veiled dig at the congress.
;;-0.0258;;new delhi, march 19: the supreme court today issued notices to the nanavati commission and the gujarat government directing the panel to summon chief minister narendramodi for questioning in connection with the 2002 riots.
;;0.2263;;the six-member panel, headed by niti aayog vice-chairman rajiv kumar, which was formed on the directions of prime minister narendramodi , in its report submitted on january 29 stated that unexplored areas in category ii & iii basins be bid out exclusively based on exploration work programme.
;;0.1779;;our special correspondentnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday stressed the need for equitable development in every part of the country, arguing that providing basic infrastructure to citizens was a crucial aspect of social justice.
;;0.8748;;calcutta: amit shah, president of the bharatiya janata party (bjp), who is seen by many as the country's most powerful man after prime minister narendramodi , has assured yuvraj singh of whatever help is possible to further his cancer-related mission.
;;-0.9001;;prime minister narendramodi announced an ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh each for the next of kin of those killed and rs 50,000 each for those seriously injured in the accident.
;;0.0;;the loan for the project was initially pledged on the occasion of the summit meeting between prime minister narendramodi and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe on september 1.
;;0.6124;;the unforeseen intervention pits two images against each other: one that projects prime minister narendramodi and his lieutenants as chowkidars and the other standing up to protect the legacy of vidyasagar who had played a pioneering role in reforming hinduism.
;;0.5267;;adish c. aggarwala, chairman of the all india bar, a lawyers body, has written to president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh against the purported proposal to make justice sathasivam a governor.
;;0.0;;however, over the years, it has been reduced to the sidelines, more so with the extensive use of the social media by prime minister narendramodi and his lieutenants.
;;-0.25;;odisha agriculture minister pradeep maharathy resigned on moral grounds on sunday, a day after prime minister narendramodi had urged the state government to re-investigate a gang rape-and-murder case in which the bjd leaders name had cropped up.
;;0.4404;;in the run-up to the elections, the bjp had changed its stance and prime minister narendramodi had said in february at a meeting with businessmen that bjp is in favour of gst, adding that it connectivity is a prerequisite for the implementation.
;;0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted his congratulations to the air force and the defence research organisation.
;;-0.8402;;this was the third attack on the bjp from its oldest ally in as many days since the party suffered its worst electoral defeat under the watch of prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah.
;;0.1027;;he said there was confusion because prime minister narendramodi had said during a rally in manipur on february 25 that the state's territorial integrity would not be compromised.
;;0.1531;;nitish, who has assiduously built up his secular image, has been careful to keep narendramodi at arms length.
;;-0.2411;;the state bjp appeared fractured over nitishs indication that narendramodi would not be acceptable as the ndas prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.5859;;sources in the state bjp said nitish spoke with the blessings of senior bjp leaders in delhi who are determined to cut narendramodi to size.
;;0.5994;;after the national executive meet of the bjp, at which narendramodi managed to get the party to force the resignation of sanjay joshi and even got (party president) nitin gadkari to hail him as a prime ministerial candidate, there are several bjp leaders who would love to see narendramodi cut to size.
;;-0.5358;;given the track record of nitish kumar, this section feels that it is only the bihar chief minister who can put a stop to the ambitions of narendramodi , said a bjp mp, who didnt wish to be identified.
;;-0.128;;bjp teambhubaneswar: a bjp delegation led by lekhasri samantsinghar on thursday met odisha director-general of police k.b. singh and demanded security for erasama victim parbati sasmal, who was allegedly beaten up by bjd supporters for trying to meet prime minister narendramodi during a road show in bhubaneswar.
;;0.3612;;hundreds of farmers from the aurangabad region have written to prime minister narendramodi asking him to complete the kutku dam, something he had promised during his campaign.
;;-0.3818;;common cause, the ngo, alleged that the appointments committee of the cabinet, headed by prime minister narendramodi , had also violated the top court's judgment in selecting the gujarat-cadre officer who had overseen the initial probe into the 2002 godhra train burning case.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi claimed on monday that indias universal immunisation programme had been languishing before he arrived on the scene and transformed it in 2014.
;;-0.7579;;it was a conclusion that reflected a threat to a key human and economic connection between africa and india - one that prime minister narendramodi will try to address at the fag end of his four-nation visit to the continent.
;;-0.0772;;although the union home ministry has sent out a routine advisory to states to protect kashmiris, prime minister narendramodi so far has not spoken against the attacks on people from the valley staying in different parts of the country.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi pays tribute at mahatma gandhis memorial, ahead of his swearing-in ceremony as the prime minister for the second consecutive term, at rajghat in new delhi, thursday, may 30, 2019.
;;0.4019;;(pti)prime minister narendramodi on thursday held a final round of consultations with bharatiya janata party president amit shah and is learnt to have given shape to his council of ministers ahead of the swearing-in ceremony of his new government in the evening.
;;-0.802;;the apex court had on april 23 issued criminal contempt notice to gandhi for his chowkidar chor hai remark on prime minister narendramodi while referring to the rafale judgment, which the apex court said was incorrectly attributed to it.
;;0.0;;our correspondentsantiniketan: the executive council of visva-bharati on monday renewed the term of chancellor for visva-bharati for three years, facilitating the visit of prime minister narendramodi to attend the convocation and give away degrees on may 25.
;;0.0;;today (monday), the executive council renewed the chancellorship of our prime minister narendramodi for the next three years.
;;-0.25;;ptiwest bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on monday attacked prime minister narendramodi saying he needs to be thrown out of both the chair but politics for the betterment of the country.
;;-0.2263;;following intense pressure from the joint committee, a political delegation, led by chief minister okram ibobi singh, yesterday left imphal for delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh and seek president pranab mukherjee's assent to the bills.
;;0.3612;;he said home ministry officials assured them of inclusion of the community along with other communities of assam in the scheduled tribe list and preparation of bill was already under way, and they would request prime minister narendramodi and the minister concerned to table the bill in the next parliamentary session.
;;0.0;;the delegation is likely to meet president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and tribal affairs minister mansukhbhai dhanjibhai vasava.
;;0.0;;bjp president amit shah is to host tuesdays dinner meeting, which prime minister narendramodi is likely to attend.
;;-0.5994;;roy's forays in the rajya sabha led to frequent disruptions and provoked a counter-offensive from the opposition, which cited a cag report questioning the gujarat government's claims on gas discovery when narendramodi was chief minister.
;;0.0;;from west patna-buxar road: prime minister narendramodi laid the foundation stone for the four-lane road connecting patna with buxar on august 18 last year.
;;-0.8176;;13: pakistan today accused prime minister narendramodi of undermining its attempts at rebooting ties by accusing islamabad of waging a proxy war with new delhi, drawing a prompt repartee days ahead of an ice-breaking meet between top diplomats.
;;0.25;;deepika singh rajawat, the former counsel of the murdered childs family, believes there is still substantial support in favour of prime minister narendramodi in the two constituencies.
;;-0.6249;;the committee is also unhappy with chief minister okram ibobi singh's delay in taking a political delegation to new delhi to seek assent to the bills by meeting the president, prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh.
;;-0.6249;;9: prime minister narendramodi today tangentially attacked the congress for pursuing the divisive politics of nurturing vote banks, speaking two days before the lok sabha discusses the spurt in communal violence.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi looks on during the bjp national council meeting in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at bjp headquarters in new delhi on thursday, may 23, 2019.
;;-0.6486;;he has made no secret of his frustration over the partys choice of narendramodi as its prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi spoke to jaswants family after the surgery.
;;0.4019;;sesh bhagwan in model town wants to help prime minister narendramodi remain prime minister another five years.
;;0.3182;;the only solution is for prime minister narendramodi to chair a meeting of all the states in the national capital region and work out a way to compensate farmers so that they do not burn crop stubble.
;;0.6124;;pti picturelucknow: uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath has welcomed the bus service flagged off by narendramodi between janakpur in nepal and ayodhya, with the bjp governments at the centre and in the state stepping into the vishwa hindu parishad domain of keeping the mythical bond between the two temple towns alive.
;;0.3612;;we must thank prime minister narendramodi for this, adityanath said.
;;0.6705;;in a three-page statement issued at the end of the g20 summit here, the world leaders, including prime minister narendramodi and us president barack obama, said, raising global growth to deliver better living standards and quality jobs for people across the world is our highest priority .
;;-0.7579;;in an address to the nation on december 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi had said the note recall was aimed at tackling corruption, black money, terror funding and fake currency.
;;-0.7717;;ptimumbai: the shiv sena on saturday attacked prime minister narendramodi over the rs 11,400-crore punjab national bank scam and alleged that diamantaire nirav modi had been a partner of the bjp and had helped it collect funds for elections.
;;0.0;;official sources said the proposal to establish the national rail and transport university (nrtu) in vadodara - a brainchild of prime minister narendramodi - was taken to the cabinet this month without any inter-ministerial consultations.
;;0.8271;;drishtipatra (vision document), the 31-page manifesto released today five days before the october 15 vote, focuses on prime minister narendramodi modis themes of good governance and development that includes infrastructure, economy, employment, security, health and social justice.
;;0.8481;;sources said the party would target its ally-turned-rival, the bjp, for going back on its promise to the states people that it would grant special status to bihar after narendramodi became the prime minister.
;;0.0;;(pti photo)andhra pradesh chief minister-elect y.s. jaganmohan reddy, invited by the governor on saturday to form the state government, is scheduled to meet prime minister narendramodi in delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had inaugurated a pashu arogya mela (cattle health fair) in his parliamentary constituency of varanasi on september 23.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi today dwelt at length on alphonsos, going entirely local as he rode the mercedes among mangoes to hold his audience in thrall on the last day of campaigning before maharashtra votes on october 15.
;;-0.5719;;the left and the congress have often alleged that a bonhomie exists between prime minister narendramodi and bengal chief minister mamata banerjee after the 2014 lok sabha polls, following which there was a perceived lull in the cbi probe in the saradha scam.
;;0.34;;two ps played on prime minister narendramodi modis lips when he stood before a camera to record and upload his response to the budget: polls and prosperity.
;;0.0;;a police drill ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis arrival in bhubaneswar on thursday.
;;-0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi through a television address to the nation on november 8, 2016 had announced scrapping of the high value rs 500 and rs 1,000 banknotes to counter the menace of black money and terror funding.
;;0.1779;;when the collective that now goes by the name constitutional conduct first sent out an open letter to prime minister narendramodi in june 2017 articulating their deep discontent over religious intolerance  particularly targeting muslims  and growing vigilantism, they were charting unfamiliar territory.
;;0.4939;;after holding a peaceful march in imphal, the kuki group submitted a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi through governor v.k. duggal and chief minister okram ibobi singh.
;;0.0;;manmohan singhs term as visva-bharati chancellor ends in january next year, following which prime minister narendramodi will assume the post.
;;0.25;;our special correspondentnew delhi: the congress has decided not to let prime minister narendramodi off the hook for accusing his predecessor manmohan singh of conspiring with pakistan on the gujarat election.
;;0.5267;;gogoi came down heavily on gujarat chief minister narendramodi , saying the latter, during campaigning in assam, had tried to divide the people on religious lines for political gain.
;;-0.1298;;bhubaneswar, june 16: hindi may be the national language, the language prime minister narendramodi prefers while interacting with foreign dignitaries and even chief minister naveen patnaik would have little difficulty conversing in.
;;-0.743;;18: senior bjp leader and union minister sudarshan bhagat dismissed the opposition congresss claims that the recent bypoll reverses suffered by the bjp were a verdict on prime minister narendramodi modis leadership and said that there was no reason to rework the partys strategy of fighting the assembly elections with him as the electoral mascot.
;;0.2732;;in 100 days the narendramodi government has performed well.
;;0.4215;;the bjp has full faith in narendramodi and amit shah.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , has approved a sale of 10 per cent government stake in coal india, 11.
;;0.0;;june 7: bengal governor m.k. narayanan today met prime minister narendramodi in delhi for around 45 minutes.
;;0.0;;nepal prime minister khadga prasad oli and his wife with his indian counterpart narendramodi during the ceremonial reception at rashratapati bhavan.
;;0.6705;;7 (pti): prime minister narendramodi and his nepalese counterpart k.p. sharma oli on saturday held extensive deliberations covering the entire expanse of the bilateral ties and vowed to boost ties in key areas of defence and security, connectivity and trade.
;;0.2732;;in the assembly, leader of opposition prem kumar thanked prime minister narendramodi and union finance minister arun jaitley; senior congress leader sadanand singh was said the previous upa government had wanted to pass the bill in 2006 and it was the bjp which kept stalling.
;;0.0;;commercial taxes minister bijendra prasad yadav, who moved the bills, was also quick to point out that as gujarat chief minister, narendramodi had opposed gst.
;;0.3818;;telegraph picture hailakandi, may 20: the vishwa hindu parishad today sent a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi and assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal, alleging that the three aiudf legislators of hailakandi district were discriminating on the basis of religion while dispensing benefits under government schemes.
;;-0.2732;;despite public statements to the contrary  prime minister narendramodi told the us congress in 2016 that the two countries had left behind the hesitations of history  mistrust lingers.
;;0.6249;;(pti) tehran, may 22: prime minister narendramodi has a cocktail of promises ready for iran: tata motors cars rolling out of iranian factories, urea plants near the strategic chabahar port, a $150-million soft loan and heavy petrochemical investments.
;;0.836;;pakistan are gifting abhinandan's cup to india #indvsnz  inaam ul haque (@inaamulhaque9) july 10, 2019stand-up satirist kunal kamra, whose love of taking potshots at prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah is well-known, found a correlation between india's world cup wins and congress governments at the centre.
;;-0.0258;;india can also further step up overt support to pakistani dissidents in exile - especially from balochistan and pakistan-occupied-kashmir - in keeping with threats to do so that prime minister narendramodi has already unveiled.
;;0.0;;this newspaper reported on friday that plastic cups, crumpled pieces of paper, plastic bottles and plates with leftover food were strewn all around on thursday afternoon, more than 24 hours after prime minister narendramodi had addressed the rally.
;;0.5994;;the other cabinet decisions include a sports complex in ghazipur and a proposal to thank prime minister narendramodi for forming and giving constitutional status to the national commission for obcs.
;;0.0;;the meet comes a day before prime minister narendramodi modis one-day visit to odisha on monday that is being seen as a virtual kick-off of the bjps campaign in the state where assembly polls are to be held along with the lok sabha elections next year.
;;0.5859;;in june, the us announced it would sell 22 unarmed guardian drones to india, which would add to the indian navy's surveillance capabilities in the indian ocean region, during a successful meeting between prime minister narendramodi and president trump at the white house.
;;0.0;;this initiative was proposed by prime minister narendramodi last year.
;;0.6059;;bhattacharyya said the phased withdrawal of afspa was raised at a meeting of the unified command held at the army's 4 corps headquarters in tezpur today but it could not be discussed in detail since the meeting was convened to review security for prime minister narendramodi who is scheduled to visit the state on may 26.
;;0.0;;a visitor at the auction of mementos, presented to prime minister narendramodi , at the national gallery of modern art in new delhi on january 27.
;;0.0;;(pti)over 1,800 mementos that prime minister narendramodi had received were sold at a fortnight-long auction that began last month, the prime ministers office said on sunday.
;;0.7351;;prime minister narendramodi , bjp stalwart l.k. advani and party chief amit shah attended the swearing-in along with other top party leaders and bjp chief ministers of other states.
;;-0.128;;after staging a demonstration, the students submitted a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi through the deputy commissioner, demanding an immediate clarification from his government about its stand on these issues.
;;0.1531;;chief minister tarun gogoi raised the issue of big dams during his meeting with prime minister narendramodi in delhi today and emphasised the need for dam safety measures and downstream impact of the lower subansiri project.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is widely believed to hold 75 as the retirement age for politicians.
;;0.0;;for the first time in a decade, a prime minister was seen voting on a bill in the lok sabha when narendramodi did so on wednesday.
;;-0.296;;congress president sonia gandhi recently wrote to prime minister narendramodi to get it passed in the lower house too.
;;0.2344;;devadeep purohitillustration: suman choudhurybengal chief minister mamata banerjee has made it clear that she will not allow division of the state; prime minister narendramodi seems to be on the same page.
;;-0.1027;;somalia attack the party took on prime minister narendramodi for comparing kerala with somalia.
;;-0.8625;;note to modi ghaziabad, april 22 (pti): a 35-year-old man who committed suicide by jumping in front of a train in masuri area has left behind a suicide note requesting narendramodi to take care of his daughter after his death, police said today.
;;-0.5267;;maya barb lucknow (pti): mayawati has slammed narendramodi for his statement vowing to cleanse parliament from criminal elements.
;;0.0;;lady vs modi chennai (pti): bjp leader venkaiah naidu targeted tamil nadu chief minister jayalalithaa on tuesday, saying the lady was suited for the state and narendramodi for the country.
;;0.4019;;sena row mumbai: the shiv sena has distanced itself from senior leader ramdas kadams inflammatory remarks made at an nda rally addressed by narendramodi , saying they were his personal views, reports our special correspondent.
;;0.8519;;chungkhokai doungel, who joined the bjp, and state party president thounaojam chaoba singh imphal, july 3: the manipur unit of the bjp is growing in strength after narendramodi became prime minister with one ncp and two trinamul congress leaders joining the party today and several others in the line.
;;0.5719;;i decided to join the bjp after seeing the efficiency of narendramodi and his intention of bringing change in the country.
;;0.2023;;sinhas 2014 chances were buoyed by a string of star campaigners  from prime minister narendramodi , who addressed a 200,000-plus crowd at barwaddah on december 9, and union home minister rajnath singh to union hrd minister smriti irani and bjp veteran giriraj singh.
;;0.6486;;roys prospects had improved this time after prime minister narendramodi modis election rally at gopal maidan on november 29, two days before jamshedpur west went to polls in the second phase.
;;-0.4019;;ptia day after it was flagged off by prime minister narendramodi , india's first semi-high speed train, vande bharat express, ran into trouble early on saturday, with officials saying it was a case of skidding wheels, which is being looked into by engineers.
;;0.2732;;the move comes at a time when prime minister narendramodi is on an official trip to iran, where indian firms have signed a deal to develop the chabahar port as well as invest in aluminium and urea plants in the region.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi had last week announced that the government would introduce these vaccines as part of a programme to expand the number of infections covered by the universal immunisation programme.
;;0.4019;;the bjp had slammed the ncp during the campaign, with prime minister narendramodi dubbing it the naturally corrupt party.
;;0.6369;;in his address to an ecstatic crowd of overseas indians at madison square garden last month, prime minister narendramodi struck an unfamiliar note by suggesting that as a humble indian who had risen from the ranks he was disinclined to posit a grand vision.
;;-0.128;;ajmal said sonowal told him that the government has sent a demand of rs 20,000 crore to prime minister narendramodi for combating flood and erosion in assam.
;;0.7902;;faced with adverse reports on anandiben's governance and her frosty relations with ministers and state party leaders, prime minister narendramodi - who has for years regarded anandiben as one of his most trusted confidantes - threw up his hands and told shah to take the steps he thought were important to ensure the bjp's victory in the 2017 state elections, central and gujarat bjp sources said.
;;0.128;;9: popular stand-up comedian kapil sharma today claimed he had to pay rs 5 lakh in bribe to construct an office in mumbai before his tweeted allegations that tagged prime minister narendramodi returned to haunt him by evening.
;;0.6705;;he had also posted photographs of prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah, uttar pradesh rss leader chandrashekhar, who is now organisational general secretary of the party in rajasthan, and a map of united india with pakistan and bangladesh on his facebook page.
;;0.4019;;during his delhi visit, naveen is likely to attend a number of meetings, including the inter-state security council, meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi on april 9.
;;0.7184;;picture by hardeep singh if prime minister narendramodi ever meets four tenth graders from a ranchi cradle, he will have a fair idea of how much his swachh bharat abhiyan has been a success.
;;0.25;;(and one day, narendramodi became prime minister and took mahatma gandhi's dream of a swachch bharat forward).
;;0.886;;while the saffron alliance under prime minister narendramodi hopes to make history by coming back to power for a second full term, the opposition is hopeful of unseating the government by raising questions on its performance on a host of issues, including economic growth, employment, corruption and social harmony.
;;-0.7506;;6: the lok sabha today approved the crucial sebi bill aimed at tackling the ponzi menace, with the government saying that prime minister narendramodi will soon announce a financial scheme that will discourage people from being allured by fraudulent operators.
;;0.4929;;sanjay k. jhanew delhi: the congress has offered prime minister narendramodi a way out if he does not want to apologise for insinuating that former prime minister manmohan singh conspired with pakistan: admit that he made a false allegation to win the gujarat election.
;;-0.9432;;12: prime minister narendramodi today said pakistan had lost the strength to fight a conventional war and was sending militants to kill civilians in a running proxy battle, in his first direct attack on the neighbour since assuming power.
;;0.2732;;mita mukherjeecalcutta: prime minister narendramodi , who is also the chancellor of visva-bharati university, has agreed to attend its annual convocation in santiniketan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and his australian counterpart tony abbott with vvs laxman, sunil gavaskar and kapil dev at the melbourne cricket ground on tuesday.
;;0.4215;;18: as narendramodi modis one-day visit to fiji gets under way on wednesday, the prime minister will discover that 135 years after the first indian indentured labourers landed on what is now a popular pacific honeymoon destination, land is still an issue of contention between new delhi and suva, the islands capital.
;;0.25;;though the scheme was launched here today by chief minister sarbananda sonowal, prime minister narendramodi had launched it centrally on july 1 last year.
;;0.1027;;5: goa chief minister manohar parrikar is most likely to take over as defence minister when narendramodi shuffles/expands his cabinet for the first time since assuming charge as prime minister this may.
;;0.0;;however, after his meeting with prime minister narendramodi , parrikar said: i have not discussed nor has he discussed anything about that.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has been speaking about his governments target of achieving the goal of a $5-trillion economy in five years.
;;0.0;;for the bjp, getting a uniform civil code is in line with prime minister narendramodi modis assertions during his election campaign.
;;0.0747;;the louder narendramodi protests to announce that his fast was not political, the greater the suspicion that his grand gesture of self-purification and quest for good sense was nothing more than a camouflage.
;;0.5312;;if the ec tells us the conduct of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah do not violate the model (election) code of conduct and the orders passed by the commission, we are fine with it, she added.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has said the constitution framed by (b.r.) ambedkar is a holy book.
;;0.2263;;last month sharif and aziz had both sent messages to ailing indian foreign minister sushma swaraj wishing her a speedy recovery, while prime minister narendramodi had wished his pakistan counterpart on his birthday on december 25.
;;0.0516;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi marked the completion of the countrys nuclear triad by announcing that ins arihant (the destroyer of enemies) had successfully completed its first deterrence patrol.
;;0.3612;;new delhi, july 3: india will add three new vaccines in the universal immunisation programme to protect children across the country from rotavirus, rubella and polio infections, prime minister narendramodi said today, announcing initiatives long awaited by public health experts.
;;0.6808;;the resolve came through in a joint statement that was issued after prime minister narendramodi had a brief bilateral engagement with president ibrahim mohamed solih immediately after the maldivian leader was sworn in this afternoon in male.
;;0.6486;;just like prime minister narendramodi who congratulated isro scientists in bangalore, chief minister hemant soren sent his greetings to isro head k. radhakrishan and his colleagues.
;;-0.1027;;chief minister akhilesh yadav made a courtesy call on prime minister narendramodi at 7 race course road while senior state officials met union home minister rajnath singh at north block.
;;0.34;;bhubaneswar, april 23: a week after prime minister narendramodi visited the famous lingaraj temple in the city and shared the pictures of the temple on his twitter handle, a video containing a scuffle between a police constable and servitors near the temple's sanctum sanctorum went viral in social networking sites today.
;;0.0;;just wait for a few months more, munda said, hinting at the possible bjp sweep under prime minister narendramodi modis leadership in the upcoming polls.
;;0.6808;;source: @meaindiasochi, may 21 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on monday said the strategic partnership between india and russia has now been elevated into a special privileged strategic partnership which is a very big achievement as he met president vladimir putin in this black sea coastal city for their first informal summit.
;;-0.3612;;the congress two years earlier had suggested capping the gst at 18 per cent, a proposal ridiculed by both prime minister narendramodi and jaitley.
;;0.0258;;aywo members get ready to burn the effigies on saturday the telegraph picturea pressure group in meghalayas garo hills burnt the effigies of top bjp leaders, including prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh, in protest against the inclusion of the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2019, in the partys manifesto.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi himself will be in ahmedabad to roll out red carpet for the africans both to assuage hurt feelings and double trade with the continent to $100 billion in two years.
;;0.0;;but why should we prefer him over anupriya or even narendramodi modi?
;;0.4939;;27: la ganesan, an old friend and associate of narendramodi from their rss period, has been nominated to the rajya sabha from madhya pradesh.
;;-0.5574;;of this amount, bankers attribute deposits of around rs 25,000 crore to the november 8, 2016, announcement by prime minister narendramodi that rendered currency notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 denominations illegal tender.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi on april 5 this year had dedicated the flagship project to the nation.
;;0.3182;;it said the bjp could seek fresh permission from district administrations for meetings  some likely to be attended by prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah  originally planned around the rathyatras.
;;0.6249;;the official also confirmed that the engagement (on india's application) will continue, as prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping had agreed after their meeting in goa on october 15.
;;0.6249;;salman khan, who shares a good rapport with prime minister narendramodi , had earned the senas ire ahead of his hit bajrangi bhaijaan.
;;-0.128;;sunday's conference resolved to write to prime minister narendramodi to ask the chhattisgarh government to stop construction of all barrages on mahanadi.
;;0.3612;;rex tillerson (left), hr mcmaster new delhi, may 11: when us president donald trump told prime minister narendramodi on january 24 that he was keen to strengthen strategic ties with india, new delhi began preparing ideas to further build a critical relationship.
;;-0.4588;;22: the centre today told the supreme court there were no official talks between kashmiri leaders and prime minister narendramodi in delhi over the volatile situation in the valley following the killing of hizb-ul mujahideen militant burhan wani.
;;0.4215;;in her footsteps, gujarat chief minister narendramodi wrote a letter to non-congress chief ministers, iterating the points jayalalithaa had flagged and hoping to coalesce a broader alliance on the principle of federalism.
;;-0.2263;;in a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi today, the ngo demanded a fact-finding mission by special rapporteurs of the united nations into the assam killings.
;;-0.3182;;sanjay k. jhanew delhi: rahul gandhi on tuesday said prime minister narendramodi had nothing new to offer as he was only talking about the congress and me at his gujarat election rallies instead of responding to critical questions of governance and future of the people.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had contested from two constituencies in the 2014 general election - vadodara and varanasi - but chose to retain the uttar pradesh seat.
;;0.7845;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday overruled strong dissent from opposition leader mallikarjun kharge to remove cbi director alok verma, two days after the supreme court had reinstated the benched official.
;;0.631;;picture by ub photos guwahati, april 6: nagaland chief minister shrhozelie liezietsu today hailed the bold step taken by prime minister narendramodi to resolve the naga political problem but called for oneness of the naga people for a lasting solution.
;;-0.4215;;but the opposition could seize on the issue to embarrass prime minister narendramodi ahead of the general election.
;;0.0;;jaunpur, gateway to eastern uttar pradesh, seems as taken up with narendramodi as sultanpur and pratapgarh in neighbouring avadh.
;;0.395;;pawar rued the fact that the choice of leadership centres around narendramodi and rahul but added that it would not be a difficult decision to make.
;;-0.25;;the hpc paper mills revival action committee has decided to organise a protest rally ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to barak valley on january 4.
;;-0.296;;amit bhelarilalu prasadpatna: rjd chief lalu prasad on wednesday accused prime minister narendramodi of shielding bjp president amit shah's son jay shah, whose firm's turnover allegedly jumped 16,000 times in one year.
;;0.0;;where is narendramodi now?
;;0.3818;;india had extended $1-billion credit to mongolia during the visit of prime minister narendramodi in 2015.
;;0.0;;guided by chinese president xi jinping (right), prime minister narendramodi visits the hubei provincial museum in chinas wuhan on friday.
;;0.0;;jammu, may 14 (pti): national conference leader farooq abdullah today invoked atal bihari vajpayee and appealed to prime minister narendramodi to declare a unilateral truce along the india-pakistan border during the month of ramzan.
;;0.0;;new delhi, july 26: prime minister narendramodi today met secretaries of key infrastructure ministries, including rail, road, power and telecom, to set the target for the current financial year.
;;0.6908;;our correspondentbhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik on thursday urged prime minister narendramodi to make an amendment to the companies act, 2013, to ensure that public and private companies contribute to the chief minister's relief fund as a part of their csr.
;;0.6808;;prime minister narendramodi is aware of the situation and would certainly take care of the people's aspirations, he added.
;;0.0;;he added that in the 2019 lok sabha elections, people of the country, bihar in particular, will teach prime minister narendramodi a lesson by voting him out of power.
;;0.0516;;national front leader le pen, who lost to macron on sunday, had reached out to the indian embassy in paris and communicated her high regard for prime minister narendramodi , two officials familiar with the outreach have independently confirmed to the telegraph.
;;0.2732;;lalu on sunday also declared that he will take the help of black magic to defeat prime minister narendramodi and nitish in the centre and state respectively.
;;0.6124;;22: sons and daughters of prominent bjp leaders figured on the bjp's second list of candidates for the uttar pradesh polls released today, a fortnight after narendramodi urged party colleagues not to seek tickets for relatives.
;;-0.4118;;rahul gandhi on monday said prime minister narendramodi is a boxer who entered the ring to fight unemployment but ended up punching his coach and veteran bjp leader l.k. advani.
;;-0.6705;;a boxer narendramodi , who boasted of his 56-inch chest, entered the ring to fight unemployment, farmers' issue, corruption and other issues, the congress chief said.
;;-0.6908;;picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: prime minister narendramodi has insulted chief minister nitish kumar by snubbing the demand for central university status for patna university, senior rjd leader raghuvansh prasad singh said on monday.
;;0.7269;;prime minister narendramodi of india has led his hindu nationalist bharatiya janata party to a major victory in the countrys general election, winning more than 300 of the 543 parliamentary seats and five more years to run the country.
;;0.0;;this country needs a revolution if it is to become liveable, said bedi, adding that she has already discussed her ideas with narendramodi who was very receptive about them.
;;0.0;;selfie first: a january 10 picture shows prime minister narendramodi with some of the leading figures of bollywood.
;;-0.765;;image tweeted by narendramodi modil.k. advani on thursday declared that the bjp had never seen those who disagree with us as enemies or anti-national, appearing to publicly chastise prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah in the middle of the election campaign.
;;0.0;;during prakash utsav, the 350th birth anniversary celebrations of guru govind singh held at gandhi maidan on january 5, vips, including prime minister narendramodi , nitish kumar and the governor, were given seats on the dais.
;;0.6808;;till december 25, before the inauguration of the bridge by prime minister narendramodi , dibrugarh and dhemaji district administrations, along with railway personnel, ensured cleanliness by getting the bridge cleaned, painted and decorated with care and security.
;;0.3182;;18: chinese president xi jinping today outlined a series of plans to increase his countrys clout in indias backyard, detailing his blueprint from new delhi a little over two weeks after prime minister narendramodi had chosen tokyo to deliver a sharp barb at beijing.
;;-0.6943;;in new delhi, the congress turned up the heat, questioning why prime minister narendramodi had failed to take action against meghwal despite womens security being one of the bjps key election planks.
;;-0.8176;;picture by prem singhbhopal: a farmer has threatened suicide at the venue in madhya pradesh from where prime minister narendramodi will address the country's gram sabhas on april 24, national panchayati raj day.
;;0.5859;;paswan was speaking at a seminar on national food security act and consumer empowerment organised by the ministry on instructions of prime minister narendramodi who has asked his ministers to highlight their achievements on the two-year anniversary of the nda government.
;;0.0;;seven people on the dais with prime minister narendramodi - including chief minister nitish kumar- were alumni of the century-old university.
;;0.088;;shatrughan has made it clear he was not interested in continuing with the bjp under narendramodi , a bjp leader said.
;;0.765;;the fact that polarisation was about to determine poll outcome became clear in the campaign itself as prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah made it a point to mention in their rallies issues like the nrc, infiltration from bangladesh, trinamuls policy of muslim appeasement, problems in holding durga puja and saraswati puja and mamatas love for pakistan.
;;0.4019;;a host of political leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , bharatiya janata party chief amit shah, rashtriya swayamsevak sangh chief mohan bhagwat and former prime ministers manmohan singh and h.d. deve gowda have visited the ailing leader over the past two days.
;;0.4404;;however, the partys prime ministerial candidate narendramodi recently spoke in favour of opening up the sector to global competition.
;;-0.128;;we have already submitted a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh on our demand, he said.
;;0.0323;;chief minister naveen patnaik has taken up this matter during his recent meeting with prime minister narendramodi and union finance minister arun jaitley, he said.
;;0.0387;;but all kinds of political wind - fair and foul - stop at the gates of the old-age home that somabhai modi, the eldest brother of prime minister narendramodi , runs and resides in in vadnagar.
;;0.1531;;somabhai, who insists that he likes being known as the elder brother of narendramodi and not the prime minister's kin, is sceptical about the nota provision.
;;0.2263;;our correspondentnarendra modipatna: prime minister narendramodi will lay the foundation stone for four sewerage projects worth rs 1,111.
;;-0.296;;both nitish and kejriwal have been fierce critics of prime minister narendramodi and his policies and had attended mamata's swearing-in in calcutta on may 27.
;;0.0;;sources said mamata wanted to meet prime minister narendramodi and discuss with him the centre's alleged step-motherly attitude towards bengal.
;;-0.5423;;(from left) prime minister narendramodi , his predecessor manmohan singh and congress president rahul gandhi at an event to pay tribute to the martyrs of the 2001 parliament attack in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.7096;;picture by prem singhprime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah presided over two separate meetings of the bjp on thursday and both skipped any reference to the partys election defeat in three heartland states, leaving leaders dismayed.
;;0.0;;salute to soldiers: narendramodi pays tribute to martyred uae soldiers at wahat al karama in abu dhabi on sunday.
;;0.0;;overnight narendramodi became his (ram kripals) brother and he touched the feet of rajnath singh.
;;0.3612;;ram kripal in turn lauded narendramodi , whom he has earlier publicly berated, and declared that the country needed a prime minister like him.
;;-0.128;;chennais loyola college apologised after bjp leaders, including union minister p. radhakrishnan, demanded action against the college for paintings on the rss, prime minister narendramodi , mother india and hindutva nationalism.
;;0.6486;;speaking at the meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi , deb said, the state would benefit if the existing aviation guidelines are amended to facilitate private operators to increase the frequency of flights.
;;-0.743;;almost the entire opposition boycotted the debate, demanding that prime minister narendramodi should make a statement rebutting donald trums claim yesterday that he had asked the us president at the g-20 summit in osaka to mediate in indias dispute with pakistan over kashmir.
;;0.0;;mamata's list of invitees includes prime minister narendramodi , finance minister arun jaitley and railway minister suresh prabhu.
;;-0.1027;;bjp president amit shah and other party leaders, however, joined prime minister narendramodi in hailing the budget as a boon for the poor and all other sections.
;;-0.6808;;(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday accused the opposition of spreading lies against his government because of its increasing frustration over electoral losses, and asked bjp mps to use technology effectively to take the truth to the masses.
;;0.7845;;in order to come to power and turn the good will for prime minister narendramodi into votes, the state executive decided to strengthen the party in all the 36,000 booths across the state.
;;0.0;;addressing the concluding day of the state executive meet at baripada, the headquarter of mayrubhanj district , pradhan said the approval rating for prime minister narendramodi among the poor is highest in odisha.
;;0.2732;;tej pratap is deeply devout, and prime minister narendramodi had once called him kishan kanhaiya after the rjd leader got pictures clicked dressed as the flute-playing god.
;;0.0;;new delhi, july 14: the bjp today sounded ambiguous on whether prime minister narendramodi had designated a second-in-command to officiate in his absence.
;;-0.4588;;calcutta: sachin tendulkar, a member of the rajya sabha, is understood to have conveyed his regrets to the pmo over his inability to join prime minister narendramodi modis delegation on the melbourne-leg of his australia visit.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi is our biggest strength, he said.
;;0.3818;;ahmedabad, april 11: many social activists who have been supporting anna hazares fight against corruption feel let down by his endorsement of gujarat chief minister narendramodi and have written to him about it.
;;0.0;;fijis preparations for prime minister narendramodi modis visit tomorrow have yanked prasads memories back to september 1981, when indira gandhi visited the countrys capital suva.
;;0.5267;;the report of the fourth cycle of national tiger estimation 2018, released by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on international tiger day on monday, says the country has emerged as of one of the biggest and safest habitats for tigers in the world with the big cat population growing from 1,400 in 2014 to 2,977 in 2018.
;;-0.0572;;i do not want to boast (about) anything, singh said, a comment that stood out at a time prime minister narendramodi had cast aspersions on him over a meeting with pakistani public figures.
;;0.0;;chief minister naveen patnaik had written to prime minister narendramodi on december 22 to include odia language as a medium in neet.
;;0.4404;;bjp supporters wear masks of prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath as bjp president amit shah addresses an election campaign for the lok sabha elections 2019, in prayagraj (allahabad), monday, april 29, 2019.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi , who had defended the candidature of pragya singh thakur last month, today told a tv channel that he would not be able to forgive her from his heart for her nathuram godse comment.
;;0.0;;nirav left the country on new year's day and was photographed with prime minister narendramodi and a group of industrialists in davos in january 23.
;;0.0;;opinion polls conducted before the elections have consistently shown the bjp and its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi ahead.
;;-0.5106;;(pti) agartala, may 28: tripura pwd minister badal choudhury who represented the state government in the swearing-in of prime minister narendramodi and his council of ministers in the forecourt of rashtrapati bhavan on may 26 expressed his disappointment over the presence of so many corporate honchos at the ceremony.
;;0.128;;the actor had recently joined the swachh bharat (clean india) campaign launched by prime minister narendramodi and cleaned up his neighbourhood in juhu.
;;0.4215;;a communiqu issued by the press information bureau (pib) said the cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi had approved the extension of the commissions term for six months till may 31, 2019.
;;0.0;;manjhi, along with former minister brishen patel, addressed the gathering while standing on the traffic pedestal claiming that prime minister narendramodi has touched an issue which he was not supposed to.
;;0.3612;;anamika paswan, the state president of the hams women cell, shouted slogans like narendramodi , nitish kumar ek kaam karo, choori pehen ke dance karo (narnedra modi and nitish kumar should do one thing, dance wearing bangles).
;;0.4019;;dakbungalow was lined with flags of different political parties and rjd mlas were shouting slogans against the narendramodi government.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi had on sunday indicated that his government might take legal steps that would require doctors to prescribe medicines only through generic names, or the chemical names of their pharmacologically active compounds.
;;-0.3818;;anand teltumbde twitter profilean iim alumnus accused in the bhima-koregaon conspiracy case has launched a signature campaign petitioning prime minister narendramodi to have the charges quashed against him after the supreme court turned down his plea on monday.
;;0.0;;mansuri believes that things could have been different had then chief minister narendramodi come and met ehsan's widow zakia jafri.
;;0.3818;;10 (pti): delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal has written to prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi, seeking time to meet them for resolving the issue of sealing of shops in the national capital.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has declared bodhgaya as the spiritual capital of india.
;;0.0;;new delhi, may 28: the din of bombs going off buries the sounds of dialogue, prime minister narendramodi told his pakistan counterpart during talks yesterday, external affairs minister sushma swaraj said here on taking office today.
;;-0.8126;;(pti)new delhi: the congress has accused prime minister narendramodi of lying on the election campaign in karnataka, tweeting on saturday: we regret asking you to #speakup, pm modi.
;;0.7684;;in today's climate, speaking against the prime minister may be regarded as heresy, but there is no better inspiration for the opposition than narendramodi himself.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at the two-day bjp national convention at ramlila ground in new delhi on saturday, january 12, 2019.
;;0.4215;;(pti)the bjp will be hoping to keep the sabarimala embers hot in kerala when prime minister narendramodi opens the 13km kollam bypass on tuesday.
;;0.2263;;they were released from a pakistan jail on friday, a day after prime minister narendramodi and pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif shook hands and exchanged pleasantries at the 18th saarc summit in kathmandu.
;;0.4019;;telegraph picturepatna: chief minister nitish kumar met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi for over 70 minutes on wednesday evening and discussed various issues pertaining to bihar, including its economic development, special category status and various measures for taking it forward in the league of developed nations.
;;0.5719;;the meeting came on the heels of a meeting at rashtrapati bhavan where president ram nath kovind, prime minister narendramodi and chief ministers of several states, including nitish, were present to discuss preparations to celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
;;0.0;;indeed, sources in the gujarat bureaucracy said chief minister narendramodi had conveyed to the delhi brass that he was not against fdi in insurance and pension.
;;0.1695;;prime minister narendramodi had used it yet again on wednesday, urging a gathering in delhi never to forget those dark years of the '70s.
;;-0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi will hold a meeting of the officials of commerce and finance ministries tomorrow to sort out taxation and other problems affecting the growth of the tax-free zones.
;;0.0516;;we are preparing to be a part of the congress-led upa in case prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah refuse to accept our demand to contest a sufficient number of lok sabha seats, a senior apna dal (s) leader said on condition of anonymity.
;;0.8101;;picture by kundan yolmo siliguri, april 10: the intention was not to insult, but the execution could have ruffled a few hill feathers today when narendramodi lauded gorkhas as security guards who protect people.
;;0.2732;;first, prime minister narendramodi had his charisma working well.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi put in a brief appearance at the meeting called by kumar, where he urged all parties to put national interests above anything else.
;;0.25;;the congress has linked prime minister narendramodi to both controversies, alleging the developments in delhi were driven by the general election results while the chhattisgarh government was trying to fulfil modis dream of a congress-mukt (congress-free) bharat.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi announced that the bill is an atonement of the wrong that was done during india's partition.
;;0.0516;;picture by pradip sanyalbengal bjp leaders said they were overwhelmed with the way prime minister narendramodi had kicked off the campaign in the state with the twin rallies on wednesday and vowed to build on the momentum to achieve their quest for 23 of the 42 lok sabha seats.
;;0.8225;;at a time when prime minister narendramodi is in us, vowing to make india proud, another son of the soil, anand, in a rare honour, has received invitations from the worlds top two universities to deliver lectures.
;;0.0258;;a union cabinet meeting that prime minister narendramodi chaired on wednesday gave the go-ahead for introducing a bill in parliament to amend the national council for teacher education (ncte) act, 1993, so that the council could grant retrospective recognition to these unapproved institutions.
;;0.0;;new delhi, july 22: you can take narendramodi out of gujarat but you cant take gujarat out of modi.
;;-0.128;;us group appeal a new york-based sikh group has launched an online petition campaign urging us president barack obama to cancel an invitation to prime minister narendramodi because of the 2002 gujarat pogrom.
;;-0.6369;;picture by deepak kumar patna, april 24: senior rjd leader shakeel ahmad khan today demanded strict action against gujarat chief minister narendramodi for his alleged role in the 2002 riots.
;;0.0;;roshan kumarchief minister nitish kumar shows an exhibit to prime minister narendramodi at bihar museum in patna on saturday.
;;0.0;;14: prime minister narendramodi today sprung a world-class university possibility to turn down chief minister nitish kumar's request to accord central university status to patna university (pu).
;;-0.0772;;sonowal and finance minister himanta biswa sarma had on thursday attacked rahul after he tweeted that his party had managed to wake up the assam and gujarat chief ministers to waive off farm loan and will rouse a sleeping prime minister narendramodi too.
;;-0.1027;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday urged the country's youths to join him in the fight against graft, saying three former chief ministers were rotting in jail and his government's drive to get rid of the termite of corruption would spare none.
;;0.0;;get-well messages came from prime minister narendramodi and her arch-rival and dmk chief m. karunanidhi.
;;0.0772;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , aidan described the oppi proposal as a brazen move to outsource the job of finding potential patent infringers of its patents to the apex drug regulatory authority picture by shutterstocksections of indian health groups and drug industry have expressed concern over what they view as a push by the department of pharmaceuticals (dop) for an information dissemination mechanism that they say could subvert efforts by indian manufacturers to release generic drugs.
;;0.0772;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , aidan described the oppi proposal as a brazen move to outsource the job of finding potential patent infringers of its patents to the apex drug regulatory authority, or the central drug standards control organisation (cdsco).
;;0.8357;;picture-perfect pakyong, inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in september and celebrated on social media as indias most beautiful airport, had flights of spicejet from calcutta diverted to bagdogra on 21 out of 31 days in december because it does not have the requisite navigation equipment for low-visibility situations.
;;-0.6908;;a students' group was banned in iit madras last year for criticising prime minister narendramodi and the brahminical social order.
;;0.0;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi recently met suzuki motor corp chairman & ceo osamu suzuki during his japan tour.
;;0.5267;;mistry, who was trounced by narendramodi in the polls, was apparently approached by amar singh to gain a toehold in the congress.
;;0.6486;;(ajit kumar verma)motihari: prime minister narendramodi launched projects worth rs 6,600 crore, ranging from sewerage networks to lake beautification, during his visit to bihar on tuesday.
;;0.0;;the nuclear pact, inked by officials under the watchful gaze of prime minister narendramodi and his visiting counterpart tony abbott, is indias signature diplomatic accomplishment so far under modi though the two nations have negotiated the deal for three years.
;;-0.25;;nitish utters pms name chief minister nitish kumar has been reluctant to take prime minister narendramodi modis name at his public meetings.
;;0.5267;;(prem singh)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday held up the bjp's tripura win as an ideological victory, stressing the significance of the performance in the tiny state with just two lok sabha seats.
;;0.0;;ray said a five-member akrsu team would stay in delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh and tribal affairs minister jual oram to know their response.
;;0.4019;;the report itself contained this sober, factual, paragraph: cow protection groups, known as gau rakshaks, have proliferated in recent years, since the bharatiya janata party of prime minister narendramodi came to power.
;;0.0;;asthana, said to be close to prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, is now supervising several sensitive cases as additional director in the cbi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will attend the event where jean-claude juncker, president of the eu commission, and donald tusk, president of the eu council, will be present.
;;-0.7717;;kushwaha, in his resignation letter to narendramodi , said he was dejected and betrayed by the pm's leadership, according to party sources.
;;-0.7717;;kushwaha, in his resignation letter to prime minister narendramodi , said he was dejected and betrayed by the pm's leadership, according to party sources.
;;-0.4019;;mahanadi helpbhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik on friday sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention into the mahanadi water dispute.
;;-0.6486;;picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: goddess lakshmi has left the country because of demonetisation, rjd chief lalu prasad declared on friday and accused prime minister narendramodi of spoiling diwali for poor people.
;;-0.6012;;the country will never forgive narendramodi for implementing demonetisation; he has left the country suffering, lalu said.
;;0.0;;the bjps campaign in the northeast for the general elections will be kicked off with a rally by prime minister narendramodi in silchar on january 4.
;;0.8316;;uttar pradesh is a victory for narendramodi , who gambled on an extreme stance and relied on clever vote bank building in the back room it is narendramodi modi's dream win.
;;0.5267;;tabassum hasan, 47, ended the anomaly on thursday, winning the kairana lok sabha by-election by nearly 50,000 votes despite prime minister narendramodi holding a barely concealed poll rally - in the garb of inaugurating an expressway - in the neighbourhood on election eve.
;;0.8995;;even narendramodi and his show of strength could not save #kairana from being taken over by the forces of love, peace and communal harmony, tabassum tweeted after her victory.
;;-0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi , bahujan samaj party chief mayawati and other leaders have condemned the incident.
;;0.0;;the french connection: french president emmanuel macron and wife brigitte with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the event.
;;0.0;;akhilesh said prime minister narendramodi was trying to finish off the congress for a long time now but it has not happened so far.
;;-0.8834;;the troubles swelled as prime minister narendramodi visited state to take stock of the damage and called the situation a national disaster.
;;0.5719;;new delhi, april 25: prime minister narendramodi has decided to review the progress of all bjp-ruled states every two months to evaluate the performance of their chief ministers, apparently under the impression that his personal credibility was at stake in the states too.
;;0.3612;;30: the tripura government is ready to accord a befitting reception to prime minister narendramodi during his visit tomorrow to inaugurate the 363.
;;0.4019;;the meeting, chaired by bjp president amit shah, was attended by prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh and minister of external affairs sushma swaraj among others, party leaders said.
;;0.4019;;(pti)new delhi: the bjp wrapped up its karnataka poll campaign on thursday with a pep talk by prime minister narendramodi to party workers from the scheduled castes, scheduled tribes and the other backward classes.
;;0.4939;;french president emmanuel macron hugs prime minister narendramodi during the ceremonial reception of former at the indian presidential palace in new delhi on saturday .
;;0.4215;;after talks with french president emmanuel macron in new delhi, prime minister narendramodi also highlighted the solar alliance and cooperation between the two countries in the fields of defence, security, technology, space and counter-terrorism.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with french president emmanuel macron walk towards their meeting in new delhi on saturday.
;;-0.6808;;on thursday, as electronic media channels relayed the gujarat exit poll results, varma launched a frontal attack on prime minister narendramodi for attacking his predecessor manmohan singh for meeting pakistani guests and also alleged that the election commission was being subverted.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at a public meeting in car nicobar on december 30.
;;0.0;;ptiprime minister narendramodi on sunday announced the renaming of three islands of andaman and nicobar on the 75th anniversary of the tricolour hoisting by netaji subhas chandra bose here.
;;-0.7951;;the congress on saturday took the extraordinary step of accusing the election commission of endorsing the most blatant violations of the model code of conduct by prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah by not acting on multiple complaints.
;;0.6908;;addressing his last rally of the ongoing lok sabha elections, prime minister narendramodi on friday said he is sure of the bjp-led ruling dispensation winning over 300 seats in the house.
;;-0.3818;;rahul has repeatedly accused prime minister narendramodi of favouring his 50 corporate friends with the note recall while hurting the small traders, farmers and the poor with it.
;;-0.3182;;picture by prem singhnew delhi: rahul gandhi on wednesday intensified his accusations about prime minister narendramodi harbouring a pro-corporate outlook as the government appeared to be taking a populist turn in the final year of its term.
;;-0.2023;;our priority is to ensure re-opening of the musabani group of mines which are lying closed for about 15 years after copper rates took a nosedive in the international market, said debi prasad mukherjee, the general secretary of the union, who authored the letter in the last week of august and sent it to union minister for steel, mines, labour and employment narendramodi singh tomar with copies to prime minister narendramodi and chief minister hemant soren.
;;-0.5859;;the bihar bjp in-charge, dharmendra pradhan, on monday launched a frontal attack on rjd chief lalu prasad and chief minister nitish kumar, charging them with working in unison to stop narendramodi from becoming the prime minister.
;;-0.6808;;iterating the words of the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , pradhan said: our poll plank is india first because we want to fight inflation, poverty and corruption.
;;0.3818;;the huge mandate for narendramodi , however, suggests that the people want it to be a really new dawn for politics and governance in india.
;;-0.0772;;the bjp had offered the jdu a solitary cabinet berth as a symbolic representation in prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet, which the bihar ally had rejected on the ground that it should have been proportionate to the number of lok sabha mps the party has.
;;0.4019;;25 crore special package prime minister narendramodi announced ahead of the 2015 assembly polls.
;;-0.0258;;2: mamata banerjee today criticised the bjp and the cpm over yesterdays meeting between narendramodi and manik sarkar, alleging brotherhood between the two parties and prompting the tripura chief minister to say in our set-up, a chief minister has to interact with the prime minister.
;;0.0;;we submitted to narendramodi a nine-point charter of demands concerning the states development, sarkar said.
;;0.0;;congress general secretary digvijaya singh has made himself available to contest against narendramodi in the pilgrimage point in uttar pradesh, prompting many leaders in neighbouring madhya pradesh to smell a larger design.
;;-0.0516;;in fact, giriraj singh damaged the party by making a statement just before the third phase of polls, said a senior bjp leader pointing out that it was on the issue of narendramodi the 17-year alliance with the jd(u)s nitish kumar snapped.
;;0.0;;naturally, it was the meetings of narendramodi , which drew crowds  not that of the state leaders.
;;0.7869;;k.m. rakeshkumaraswamybangalore: karnataka chief minister h.d. kumaraswamy thanked prime minister narendramodi for tagging him in the fitness challenge but did not upload a video of his exercise regime, quipping instead that the state's fitness was more important for him.
;;0.6597;;earlier in the day, prime minister narendramodi had uploaded a video of how he keeps himself fit and tagged kumaraswamy, the janata dal secular leader who joined hands with the congress to keep the bjp out of power in karnataka, table tennis player manika batra and all ips officers, especially those over 40, to accept the challenge.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi displays his morning exercise and yoga regime in a twitter video that he uploaded in response to cricketer virat kohlis fitness challenge.
;;0.6369;;the new buses, which will ply between guwahati and peripheral towns like mangaldoi, nagaon and nalbari, had pictures of prime minister narendramodi and sonowal on them, promising the development of assam.
;;0.1027;;kishanganj provides an ideal platform for launching our drive to reach out to the poor muslims, as suggested by our leader prime minister narendramodi in the bhubaneswar meet.
;;0.128;;we stand for making them aware of the various welfare schemes which the narendramodi government has launched for such people.
;;0.0772;;perhaps helped by some intense canvassing and the last-minute blitz by prime minister narendramodi who addressed 21 rallies across the state in the final week of the campaign, the bjp more than doubled its 2013 tally of 40 to finish with 104 of the 222 seats for which polls were held on saturday.
;;-0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi could also bring up the bangladesh-bhutan-india-nepal road network project from which thimpu withdrew earlier this year after failing to get its parliament to ratify the motor vehicles agreement.
;;0.0;;tejashwi prasad yadav, the leader of opposition in the bihar legislative assembly, dubbed prime minister narendramodi as gappu for the bjp calling congress vice-president pappu, the tit-for-tat jab coming a day after the election commission barred the ruling bjp in gujarat from using the word pappu in their advertisements - apparently targeting rahul - calling it derogatory.
;;0.0;;it is gappu singh narendramodi who has not done any work except talking big.
;;0.0;;but last week he met prime minister narendramodi and informed him about the ramifications of bringing in changes in the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act.
;;0.2382;;praising prime minister narendramodi for launching schemes for the poor, he said: other governments only misuse people for votes, but modiji launched several people-friendly schemes from jan-dhan to atal pension and crop insurance.
;;0.0;;patna, march 27: nitish kumar and lalu prasad have intensified their potshots at bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi as he arrived in the state for the first time to address election meetings in gaya and sasaram.
;;0.0;;pm meetnew delhi, june 23: prime minister narendramodi will tomorrow brainstorm with various ministers and officials on issues related to exports, trade pacts and manufacturing.
;;0.6705;;power of youth narendramodi has spun a web, of dreams, hopes and aspirations, that has caught the imagination of patnas youths.
;;0.5927;;you may call him autocratic or a hitler but i believe that at this point of time when the country is going through the toughest phase in the history of india, narendramodi is the only person who can save us, said hatuwa market resident vivek kumar (20), after casting his vote at sabzibagh booth.
;;0.4497;;but i am sure this would not be the case if narendramodi takes charge.
;;0.0;;youths who felt connected with narendramodi were not born in a day.
;;0.2382;;thats the reason why narendramodi in his speeches often say that this lok sabha elections were linked with the future of the youth and if this opportunity is lost then there will be a wait for another five years, said bittu singh (24), a resident of maner, around 30km west of patna.
;;0.3182;;such a fan is he that he has named his paan shop  narendramodi , a lion  after the gujarat chief minister and the famous lions of gir in the western state.
;;0.0;;bjp activists pour milk on a cut-out of prime minister narendramodi at kargil chowk in patna on wednesday to mark the nda government's two years at the centre.
;;0.2263;;picture by ranjeet kumar dey the bjp has planned a series of events in patna on may 27 to celebrate two years of the narendramodi government, which chief minister nitish kumar called useless on wednesday.
;;-0.4588;;in the corridors of power on friday, the morning after chief minister raghubar das banned the use of beacons by bureaucrats and vips in tune with prime minister narendramodi modis announcement, most ministers and bureaucrats had removed beacons from their cars.
;;-0.3818;;10: china and south korea have offered india nuclear reactors on its terms at a time new delhi remains locked in differences with the us and france over its controversial nuclear liability law that could shadow prime minister narendramodi modis forthcoming visit to washington.
;;0.4939;;in new delhi, doner minister jitendra singh today hailed the lifting of the economic blockade, claiming that the move was in line with the promise prime minister narendramodi had made ahead of the assembly polls.
;;0.0;;even though he tied up with the pdp, prime minister narendramodi has repeatedly spoken of removing the baap-bete ki sarkar (nc) and the baap-beti ki sarkar (pdp), said a veteran political observer of kashmiri politics.
;;0.7783;;2 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on thursday attacked the congress for promising zero tolerance on corruption when its own chief minister in himachal pradesh was facing allegations of graft and said the state's ruling party had become a laughing club.
;;0.4019;;26: the assam bjp unit has declared sarusajai stadium turf as a no-mans zone during the party workers rally on the ground to be addressed by prime minister narendramodi on sunday afternoon.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi has also initiated several development schemes to generate livelihood in rural areas.
;;-0.4767;;pti file photocongress president rahul gandhi on thursday asked why a probe cannot be ordered against prime minister narendramodi for a rs 30,000-crore scam when an investigation has been initiated into the theft of official documents related to the fighter jet deal.
;;0.0;;the government is protecting narendramodi , the 'chowkidaar', at any cost, he told the press conference.
;;-0.802;;picture by ashok sinhapatna: factionalism in the state congress came to the fore at a function to commemorate the 130th birth anniversary of sri krishna sinha, where senior leaders attacked prime minister narendramodi and the bjp for indulging in the politics of communal hatred.
;;0.3182;;our special correspondentkumar (left) with modinew delhi: ashwani kumar, former union minister for law and justice, has met prime minister narendramodi and urged him to enact a legislation to prevent custodial torture.
;;0.6808;;his new party is banking heavily on its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi instead of him to curry favour in pockets of jamshedpur east and west  the two urban assembly segments under the parliamentary constituency.
;;0.4927;;it's an assessment that is being rapidly revised; on the evidence of rajan's termination, swamy is the party's most influential voice after narendramodi and amit shah.
;;0.0;;next month, russian president vladimir putin and prime minister narendramodi would be meeting for their annual summit.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi speaks at an election rally ahead of the lok sabha elections, at moran, in dibrugarh district on saturday, march 30, 2019.
;;-0.4767;;(pti)prime minister narendramodi said on saturday that assam and the rest of the northeast were suffering from infiltration due to the policies of the congress government in the 1970s.
;;0.5267;;top rebel leaders and government officials went to the hospital to videograph swu putting his signature on the agreement that prime minister narendramodi has described as historic.
;;0.0;;kher said india and the us were planning to start trade talks in july and could hold a ministerial level meet in october after an expected summit between prime minister narendramodi and us president barack obama in washington.
;;0.1531;;in his campaign speeches, narendramodi regularly targeted rahul gandhis privileged upbringing and his lack of administrative experience.
;;-0.743;;meanwhile, rahul gandhis family background precluded him from attacking narendramodi at his weakest point.
;;0.0;;we are with prime minister narendramodi modis government at the centre.
;;0.9201;;despite the habitual and pointless carping of his political rivals, narendramodi won high marks for projecting india in a vigorous and positive light in bhutan, nepal, japan and the united states of america, and even his critics must admit that none of their weathered leaders could match the prime ministers abundant energy and ability to conduct himself in a manner appropriate to the occasion.
;;-0.4767;;(pti) dhubri, april 17: fans and followers of the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi were disappointed following the cancellation of a poll rally scheduled to be held on april 19 at dhubri sports complex on the outskirts of the town.
;;0.6486;;a cabinet committee chaired by prime minister narendramodi had on wednesday approved the amendments to the citizenship rules 2009, which the bjp had promised in its general election manifesto two years ago.
;;0.6597;;many in the state bjp believe that now is the time to push for a change of leadership if prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah wish to retain madhya pradesh, which goes to the polls in november 2018.
;;0.0;;while prime minister narendramodi will stay at raj bhavan, others including senior bjp leaders l.k. advani, murli manohar joshi and chief ministers of 13 bjp ruled states and nearly 40 central ministers will stay at various posh hotels in the city.
;;-0.3612;;it was, however, marked by an attack on prime minister narendramodi for ignoring mrs gandhi's birth centenary, who, congress leaders said, strived to make the country strong.
;;0.3182;;patna has around 20,000 street vendors and all of them have joined the month-long postcard campaign launched by national association of street vendors of india (nasvi) today to draw the attention of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister nitish kumar towards non-implementation the street vendors (protection of livelihood and regulation of street vending) act, 2014.
;;0.0;;the jinxed rally of prime minister narendramodi at the brigade parade grounds on february 8 has been deferred.
;;-0.5867;;many stressed the development india had undergone over the past 70 years, trying to counter prime minister narendramodi modis claim that nothing good had happened before he assumed charge.
;;0.5106;;her comments come at a time prime minister narendramodi has asked bjp politicians to spend time in dalit localities and instil confidence in them about the bjp.
;;0.4215;;krishak mukti sangram samiti (kmss) and representatives of the 69 organisations who are meeting the leaders of national and regional political parties from different parts of the country in new delhi to lobby against the citizenship amendment bill, will oppose any visit of bjp ministers, including that of prime minister narendramodi , to assam.
;;-0.7269;;picture by amit bhelaripatna, july 27: rjd leader rabri devi today attacked prime minister narendramodi for doing nothing to get dayashankar singh, a former vice-president of the bjp's uttar pradesh unit, arrested for his objectionable remarks on bsp leader mayawati.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi should show some shame on this issue.
;;-0.0772;;apart from nitish, shiromani akali dal (sad) leader and union minister harsimrat kaur badal had written to prime minister narendramodi to waive off gst imposed on ingredients used for langar in gurudwaras.
;;0.0;;new rolepatna: prime minister narendramodi has nominated union law minister ravi shankar prasad as a member of the political affairs committee of the union cabinet.
;;0.0772;;(pti)jaipur: politician-writer shashi tharoor on sunday said that when prime minister narendramodi hailed the constitution as holy and in the same breath lauded sangh parivar ideologue deendayal upadhyaya as a hero, he was guilty of harbouring contradictory thoughts.
;;-0.25;;prime minister narendramodi with new chief minister of himachal pradesh jairam thakur, bjp president amit shah and governor of himachal pardesh acharya devvrat after the swearing in ceremony in shimla on wednesday.
;;0.0;;the ceremony was attended by prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah, bjp veteran l.k. advani and a host of union ministers.
;;0.4019;;the families of fahad and aman will approach the agency and prime minister narendramodi this week seeking help to bring their sons home.
;;-0.1695;;kedarnath: prime minister narendramodi on friday alleged the then congress governments at the centre and in uttarakhand did not allow him to redevelop the flood-ravaged himalayan state in 2013 as gujarat chief minister, casting himself as the son of lord shiva and taking up the mantle of reconstruction work now.
;;-0.4215;;telegraph file picturethe dissenting view given by one of the two election commissioners in the clean chit given to prime minister narendramodi over two of his campaign speeches in maharashtra means that the fear of modi-shah is finally weakening, congress leader p. chidambaram said on saturday.
;;0.2411;;prime minister narendramodi led a galaxy of leaders in paying homage to the former chief minister who had never lost an election since 1988.
;;0.0;;calcutta: a day after being nominated to take forward the swachh bharat campaign, sourav ganguly indicated that he could meet the author of the much-talked about project, prime minister narendramodi , next month.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi put up a smashing performance on his recent visit to australia.
;;0.891;;calcutta: sunil gavaskar, a former india captain and among the greatest of openers, is elated at being invited to join prime minister narendramodi modis delegation on the melbourne-leg of his trip to australia.
;;-0.7003;;the protests had prompted then bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi to speak out on tanias death.
;;-0.1336;;25 (pti): congress vice-president rahul gandhi said the government has delayed parliaments winter session because prime minister narendramodi does not want to face questions on the rafale fighter deal and bjp chief amit shahs son before the elections in gujarat.
;;0.2052;;declaring that he would address everybody as doston, and not mitron (a word prime minister narendramodi uses, though both words mean friend), he said he will not join any other political party or form one.
;;-0.3182;;yashwant has been critical of the narendramodi government over several issues, be it farmers' strife or implementation of demonetisation.
;;0.0;;but in this meeting, only those opposing prime minister narendramodi were called, he said.
;;0.0;;it was here in april 2017 when prime minister narendramodi laid the foundation stone of a multi-modal port and a bridge linking sahebganj to manihari (in katihar) district of bihar.
;;0.0516;;union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday gave its nod to extend presidents rule in jammu and kashmir by another six months (ap)the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday gave its nod to extend presidents rule in jammu and kashmir by another six months with effect from july 3, indicating that there were no plans of holding assembly elections in the near future.
;;0.4215;;based on the prevailing situation in the state as stated in the report of the governor of jammu and kashmir, the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , has approved the extension of presidents rule in jammu and kashmir for a further period of six months with effect from 3rd july, 2019, under article 356(4) of the constitution of india, a release from the press information bureau said.
;;0.0;;jorhat, july 2: asom satra mahasabha, the apex body of all xatras in assam and bengal, will urge prime minister narendramodi for his intervention in getting its land back from encroachers.
;;-0.296;;congress president rahul gandhi on friday accused prime minister narendramodi of bringing ignominy to all chowkidars (watchmen) in the country.
;;-0.4939;;(pti)congress president rahul gandhi on saturday asserted that prime minister narendramodi had been demolished and that the hollow structure that was still standing would collapse over the next 10 to 15 days.
;;0.802;;prime minister narendramodi had then pointedly stressed the importance of the freedom of movement for the country's skilled workers along with better trade ties.
;;0.1027;;picture by ajit kumar verma chief minister jitan ram manjhi has, in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , appealed to him to take personal initiative in getting flood protection and irrigation projects for bihar cleared by the centre.
;;0.4767;;30: the odisha government today urged prime minister narendramodi for an early approval of the establishment of an information technology investment region (itir) in the state.
;;0.4767;;verma was benched on october 24 along with his deputy, cbi special director rakesh asthana who is considered close to prime minister narendramodi , after they publicly accused each other of accepting bribes.
;;0.6997;;20: one is an ace diplomat now in retirement, the other is indias security czar plucked out of hibernation  and either could lead prime minister narendramodi modis most ambitious foreign policy initiative yet.
;;-0.34;;13: prime minister narendramodi showed unfamiliar promptness today in urging the people of karnataka and tamil nadu to show restraint and harmony and eschew violence, speaking a day after widespread vandalism and arson, especially in bangalore.
;;-0.167;;while president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi both congratulated sakshi on twitter, some didn't miss out on the chance to point a finger at the young wrestler's native state, often in the news for the wrong reasons.
;;0.802;;india is now uniquely poised to lead the next chapter of global growth because of the inherently frugal and sustainable nature of its economic development, the country's rich reserve of innovators and entrepreneurs and the new pro-poor and pro-market role of the country chartered by prime minister narendramodi , sinha said during the 4th professor sarat mahanta memorial lecture at royal global institution, gorchuk, here last evening.
;;-0.296;;on february 19, prime minister narendramodi had said a cremation ground should also be constructed in a village if a graveyard were made there, citing an uncommon example to articulate how a government should establish its equitability credentials.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at bjp headquarters in new delhi on thursday, may 23, 2019.
;;0.0;;(ap)prime minister narendramodi on saturday said his new slogan would be nara, standing for national ambition, regional aspiration.
;;0.2023;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , kharge has said that a special invitee invitation is a concerted effort to exclude the voice of the opposition in lokpal selection.
;;-0.5106;;(pti)mayawati has claimed that poverty is driving large-scale migration from eastern uttar pradesh, home to the constituencies of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;-0.3804;;mamata, who has been very critical of prime minister narendramodi on the demonetisation drive, said even the tourism industry in the hills was facing the impact of the note recall.
;;-0.128;;reiterating his demand, naveen asked the centre to include landless farmers under the pm-kisan scheme that prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate from gorakhpur in up on sunday.
;;0.0;;then a bharatiya jana sangh activist, tiwari claims to have met now prime minister narendramodi after his release.
;;0.5423;;chennai, april 12: narendramodi has set up a date with superstar rajinikanth tomorrow, possibly to boost the chances of the bjp-led front that is in third position in tamil nadu, behind the aiadmk and the dmk.
;;-0.3102;;so, the whole brouhaha about narendramodi modis wife was completely pointless and unfair, and took energy away from the valid questions opponents could have been asking modi.
;;0.7436;;rahul gandhis rafale campaign seems to be slowly attracting other opposition parties, which till now showed little enthusiasm for his corruption charges targeting prime minister narendramodi personally.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi had launched mygov.
;;-0.7351;;new delhi, june 13: prime minister narendramodi has written to his pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif thanking him for attending his swearing-in ceremony last month, as the first major ceasefire violation by pakistani troops since modis victory threatened to upend the blooming bonhomie.
;;0.0;;(prem singh)that there can be such a chasm between a mans words and his deeds is beyond comprehension, a former ally and union minister had this to say about prime minister narendramodi on thursday.
;;-0.5859;;the preparations for the area frame survey come a year after prime minister narendramodi modis claim that even selling pakodas is a job had raised controversy, with former finance minister p. chidambaram calling the statement an assault on our common sense.
;;0.6705;;two years ago, christmas spirit was the bilateral theme after prime minister narendramodi made a surprise visit to lahore and hugged the then pakistani prime minister, nawaz sharif.
;;0.5994;;in november that year, prime minister narendramodi , on his maiden visit to the state, said sports was the fulcrum of tremendous economic activity that could boost employment prospects for the youth of manipur.
;;0.0;;the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi will address a rally here on february 22.
;;0.5473;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday emerged from nightlong meditation in a cave near the kedarnath shrine, saying he never demanded anything from god but invoking a social god in what appeared to be an attempt to position himself as a link between the two.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will come to the state in february, said bjp mla shamik bhattacharya.
;;0.2263;;last month sharif and aziz had both sent messages to ailing indian foreign minister sushma swaraj wishing her a speedy recovery, while prime minister narendramodi had wished his pakistan counterpart on his birthday on december 25.
;;0.5574;;the saffron surge  narendramodi modis party looks set to win 18 seats  has prompted hysterical calculations in trinamul camp on what lies next.
;;0.0;;from bjp chief amit shah to prime minister narendramodi , their whole leadership vowed to throw us out of power.
;;0.0;;sources said prime minister narendramodi had asked prasad to complete the work by september next year.
;;-0.0772;;direct discharge of sewage into the river through the stormwater drain at khannagar makes a mockery of your dream of swachha bharat, the mancha had alleged in a memorandum sent to prime minister narendramodi on february 11, 2016.
;;-0.6249;;new delhi, may 5 (pti): the supreme court today sought an independent overview of evidence recorded by the sit in the alleged role of gujarat chief minister narendramodi in the killing of congress mp ehsan jafri in the 2002 riots.
;;-0.2023;;asked about manmohan singhs statement that it would be disastrous for the country if narendramodi became prime minister, pawar said: i make it a point to use words cautiously when speaking about both my friends and my opponents.
;;0.0;;as chief minister of gujarat, narendramodi visited china four times.
;;0.4019;;he then spoke in detail how the special package announced by prime minister narendramodi was being implemented in bihar.
;;0.0772;;chief minister jitan ram manjhi on thursday said he would seek prime minister narendramodi modis help to combat encephalitis in the state.
;;0.4404;;7: the government is paying for its rush to pass a slew of reformist bills in its first parliament session to impress on foreign and domestic investors that prime minister narendramodi meant business.
;;-0.5994;;(prem singh)new delhi: the congress on friday dared prime minister narendramodi to come up and order a fair investigation instead of remaining silent and allowing junior ministers to shift the blame in the rs 11,000-crore bank fraud to the previous upa regime.
;;0.0;;yesterday, prime minister narendramodi had reviewed the preparations of gst rollout from april next year.
;;-0.8338;;19: the congress today conceded that the planning commission needed restructuring but criticised prime minister narendramodi modis decision to dismantle it as a planned attack on indias nehruvian legacy.
;;0.0;;asked gurumurthy, who was one of the earliest parivar batters for narendramodi as prime minister.
;;-0.6597;;mr singhs remark that the people opposed to narendramodi should move to pakistan smacks of both the bizarre and the dangerous in electoral rhetoric.
;;0.4019;;rjd state unit president ram chandra purbey said the bjp and the rss are drama parties and prime minister narendramodi is the leader.
;;0.6705;;the event, organised by the state government in association with adityapur small industries association (asia) and supported by the union railway and defence ministries, is aimed at boosting the make in india initiative of prime minister narendramodi and developing potential msmes of adityapur, the states largest industry hub, into vendors for rail and defence companies.
;;0.7003;;odf claimnew delhi: drinking water and sanitation minister chandra prakash choudhary, addressing a seminar at vigyan bhavan here on friday, promised prime minister narendramodi that jharkhand would become open defecation free by 2019.
;;0.2023;;he said bihar's development was one of the top priorities of the narendramodi government.
;;0.34;;he then shared the fund flow data for road maintenance during the first four years of the narendramodi government and in the last four years of the previous upa government under this head.
;;0.0;;the then upa government had provided rs 1,932 crore between 2010-11 and 2013-14 to bihar for maintenance of national highways whereas the narendramodi government provided rs 4,904 crore under this head between 2014-15 and 2017-18, he said and added that the corresponding fund flow under the central road fund during the last four years of upa was rs 408 crore whereas in the four years of narendramodi government, the state received rs 913 crore.
;;-0.9442;;the essential prerequisite is that there has to be an end to hostility, violence and terrorism, he said, days after bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi said negotiations with islamabad could not be held amid gunshots, attacks and blasts.
;;-0.765;;prime minister narendramodi used the brics summit and the bimstec outreach at goa in mid-october to attack pakistan (without naming it) on the terrorism issue with unprecedented verbal vehemence.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi released the report and said the country has emerged as of one of the biggest and safest habitats for tigers in the world.
;;-0.5574;;our special correspondentnew delhi: networks of tobacco victims and several doctors' groups on saturday wrote to prime minister narendramodi protesting against a karnataka high court order that quashed a 21-month rule that tobacco packets must carry pictorial warnings on 85 per cent of their area.
;;0.128;;in the rest of the country, prime minister narendramodi had launched the main bhi chowkidar campaign.
;;0.128;;the chief minister too had written to prime minister narendramodi to remove shashank as the people have lost faith in him.
;;-0.8271;;following are excerpts from the interview with yechury: cpm's stand on syndicates: (while campaigning in bengal in the aftermath of the vivekananda road flyover collapse that killed 26 people, prime minister narendramodi spoke against the syndicate raj.
;;-0.9325;;wickremesinghe, who said his country shared with prime minister narendramodi the objective of defeating cross-border terror, also deftly reminded new delhi that tensions between india and sri lanka, also over terrorism, had haunted the grouping's birth.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at the flag-hoisting ceremony to mark the 75th anniversary of the 'azad hind government' led by subhas chandra bose, at the red fort in new delhi on october 21 shahbaz khan / ptisir  the prime minister, narendramodi , unfurled the tricolour at the red fort on october 21 on the 75th anniversary of the proclamation of the azad hind government by subhas chandra bose (nehru door ast, netaji nearest, oct 22).
;;0.2263;;srikanta bhattacharjee,calcuttasir  it pains me to see that narendramodi in order to glorify subhas chandra bose indirectly targeted the countrys first prime minister, jawaharlal nehru.
;;0.4588;;the congress vice-president claimed that sitharaman was being prevented by her boss from revealing the truth about the rafale fighter deal, targeting prime minister narendramodi a second time in three days on the subject.
;;0.0;;minister visit new delhi: canadian foreign minister john baird will visit india starting sunday for the first diplomatic talks between the nations since prime minister narendramodi took office.
;;0.8658;;the 2:1 decision was taken by the selection committee of prime minister narendramodi , supreme court judge justice a.k. sikri and the leader of the largest opposition party, congress veteran mallikarjun kharge.
;;-0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday accused the congress of trying to portray the supreme court as a liar over its rafale verdict and of trying to weaken the defence forces.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi , who is scheduled to leave for davos this week, expressed anguish.
;;0.5423;;india imports half of its natural gas needs and prime minister narendramodi is keen on cutting the import bill by raising local production.
;;0.0;;the development comes after prime minister narendramodi floated the idea, which was subsequently articulated by president pranab mukherjee.
;;0.7609;;in fact, the bonhomie between narendramodi and 'netaji' was so great that someone even remarked that they were ' jodi number one', in other words, the star couple.
;;0.0;;, does not take names but says democracy is in a cave, days after prime minister narendramodi meditated in a cave in kedarnath.
;;-0.1027;;patna, march 24: veteran bjp leader lalmuni chaubey today spurned the partys sops to placate him, challenged narendramodi and announced he would contest as an independent from buxar against ashwini kumar choubey.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken after a series of meetings today, including at least two involving prime minister narendramodi , the officials said.
;;0.0;;the first two speakers were prime minister narendramodi modis two main tormentors in his home state of gujarat  patidar leader hardik patel and left-leaning dalit mascot jignesh mevani.
;;0.0;;ibobi singh said he had requested doner minister jitendra singh to take up the incident with prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , bjp veteran l.k. advani and congress president rahul gandhi were among those who visited vajpayee in hospital.
;;0.8126;;india, which set up the alliance along with france, plans to have a mega jamboree in delhi early next year to celebrate the success of isa within two years in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and other country heads or representatives of isa nations.
;;0.4404;;bandh supporters burnt tyres and shouted slogans against prime minister narendramodi on national highway 31c at chapaguri in chirang district early this morning.
;;-0.3612;;18: prime minister narendramodi today compared the indian surgical strikes with the covert operations of israel.
;;0.4939;;master of the spin prime minister narendramodi tries his hand at a charkha at a ceremony in ludhiana to distribute spinning wheels among women on tuesday.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday told a gujarat rally about a nuclear of nuclear bombs, suggesting india had foiled pakistans nuclear blackmail with the mother of all nuclear bombs  an allusion to the surgical and air strikes.
;;0.2023;;sources said the party boss sought to be cautious, given the corruption scandals that hit trinamul when roy was a key figure in his erstwhile party and especially since prime minister narendramodi has made similar allegations the main theme of his campaign speeches in himachal pradesh and gujarat.
;;-0.3818;;lalu dubbed gujarat chief minister narendramodi as a national problem who is being backed by the rss.
;;0.1779;;there was no wave in narendramodi modis favour.
;;0.8969;;highly successful and remarkable steps have been initiated to improve connectivity between the two countries over the past few years, said amu, describing the visit of prime minister narendramodi to dhaka as historic.
;;0.0;;picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: bjp national spokesperson sambit patra on friday said prime minister narendramodi would present its four-year report card to the nation at the killa maidan in cuttack on saturday.
;;0.0;;the appointments committee of the cabinet, headed by prime minister narendramodi , had picked asthana.
;;0.6808;;the manch wrote to prime minister narendramodi , seeking his intervention to safeguard the national interest.
;;-0.3182;;the delay of the project had figured in the speech of the prime minister narendramodi during his campaign for jorhat lok sabha seat, which has been wrested by the bjp for the first time.
;;0.0;;goyal appeared to have picked the  kaamdaar-naamdaar phrase from a speech by prime minister narendramodi at an election rally in karnataka.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi takes a look at the statue of unity on wednesday.
;;0.296;;twitterprime minister narendramodi on wednesday inaugurated a statue of sardar vallabhbhai patel with great pomp, and some potshots at those who have condemned the move.
;;0.4019;;pti picturenew delhi: mps of bjp ally telugu desam party disrupted lok sabha proceedings on tuesday by staging a vociferous protest in the well and demanding that the narendramodi government follow alliance dharma and fulfil the promises made while bifurcating andhra pradesh.
;;-0.25;;the tdp members continued with their protest even when prime minister narendramodi was in the house in the post-lunch session.
;;0.7906;;telegraph file pictureprime minister narendramodi on saturday coined the new epithet of lollipop company for the congress, accusing the party of habitually making false promises for electoral gain and citing its pledges of farm loan waivers as an example.
;;-0.0258;;during his last visit to bihar, even prime minister narendramodi had praised nitish for rural electrification in the state - a complete u-turn from last year's assembly elections, when he alleged during campaign that nitish had failed to provide power in the state.
;;0.3818;;gandhinagar, april 5: l.k. advani today refused to call narendramodi his protg or compare him with atal bihari vajpayee, describing him instead as a brilliant events manager.
;;0.4939;;amit bhelaritej pratappatna: prime minister narendramodi had once praised then bihar health minister tej pratap yadav by calling him kishan kanhaiya.
;;-0.5106;;deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi came down heavily upon the insult of the prime minister and said: once sonia gandhi had called narendramodi maut ka saudagar (merchant of death).
;;0.34;;people in uttar pradesh are hailing prime minister narendramodi for giving a befitting reply to pakistan.
;;-0.2263;;the police had claimed that sohrabuddin was linked with terror groups like the lashkar-e-toiba and was allegedly conspiring to assassinate prime minister narendramodi , who was then the chief minister of gujarat.
;;-0.296;;while electioneering in assam as a part of the lok sabha elections, prime minister narendramodi had announced that there would be no bangladeshis in assam from the day on which results to the lok sabha elections would be announced.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with chief minister nitish kumar at an event in patna last year.
;;0.0;;telegraph picture patna, may 2: chief minister nitish kumar today said he is yet to receive any official missive that prime minister narendramodi wanted the two of them to travel together to lumbini in nepal for the budh purnima celebrations.
;;0.743;;he said prime minister narendramodi modis special focus on the northeast and his vision has opened new floodgates of opportunities for development in the region.
;;0.3818;;the act east policy enunciated by prime minister narendramodi leads the region in scripting a new growth narrative to be the expressway of asean, sonowal said.
;;-0.2617;;j.p. yadavnew delhi: dalit mps of the bjp are disappointed that prime minister narendramodi invoked b.r. ambedkar in his mann ki baat radio address on sunday but maintained a radio silence on the dilution of the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
;;0.2263;;the team stated that a report would be prepared and submitted to prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh and the issue would be raised in parliament.
;;-0.25;;adviser to the krishak mukti sangram samiti (kmss) akhil gogoi on wednesday said they, along with 69 other allied organisations, would bar the entry of prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah and union ministers from the ruling bjp, to assam to campaign for the lok sabha elections, in protest against the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2019.
;;0.5859;;the insiders said prime minister narendramodi , along with shah, came out to lead celebrations and describe the mandate as a historic victory on tuesday, when the results were announced, only after getting an assurance from yeddyurappa that the numbers could easily be managed.
;;0.2732;;the much-hyped surgical strike against black money was described by prime minister narendramodi in mann ki baat on november 27 as an essential step taken in national interest to help the poor, the farmers and labourers.
;;0.34;;26: ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis two-day assam visit, security personnel here today had a hectic time looking for two boys reportedly belonging to ulfa (i), who have apparently entered the city to blow up government buses.
;;0.5423;;modi address bhubaneswar: prime minister narendramodi will address all top 20 smart cities, including bhubaneswar, on june 25, through video conferencing from pune.
;;0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi modis apparent attempt to ensure that the bjp-led centre gets the sole credit for the construction of the bogibeel bridge in assam, indias longest rail-cum-road bridge inaugurated by him on tuesday, has by default turned the spotlight on his predecessor manmohan singh, also a rajya sabha mp from assam.
;;0.128;;this election is not just to decide who forms the government in the state; it is also to decide who will be the main challenger to prime minister narendramodi in the next lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;22: the congress today alleged that the snooping controversy in gujarat was the outcome of a close relations triangle involving chief minister narendramodi , an ias officer and the woman.
;;0.1406;;our special correspondentnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi did speak about flights on sunday but not the ones nirav modi and mehul choksi took last month to leave the country.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondentnew delhi: the bharatiya muslim mahila andolan - a petitioner in the instant triple talaq case - on tuesday urged prime minister narendramodi and congress chief rahul gandhi to work together for the passage of a bill to criminalise the practice.
;;0.5267;;the sources spoke after a report in the news portal print said the narendramodi government had decided last month to nominate justice sikri to the post of president/member in the london-based commonwealth secretariat arbitral tribunal (csat).
;;0.5267;;justice sikris vote had become the deciding factor as the stands of the other two members in the selection committee, prime minister narendramodi and congress leader kharge, were already known.
;;0.0;;the bridge will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on may 26.
;;0.7003;;the two-day state executive meet at veteran party leader sushil kumar modi's 1 polo road residence declared that every election from panchayat to parliament is important to expand its electoral and ideological influence - the mantra by prime minister narendramodi at bjp national executive in allahabad three days ago.
;;-0.3804;;by stressing accountability and declaring at times, i stood completely alone in the battle against prime minister narendramodi , rahul has mounted huge pressure on the entrenched interests in the party.
;;-0.4019;;panda, who was the face of naveen in new delhi, landed in trouble after he developed close proximity with some bjp leaders, including the prime minister narendramodi , after the bjp came to power in 2014.
;;-0.5994;;gogoi today also took a dig at prime minister narendramodi on his pre-poll promise of making assam free of illegal bangladeshis, his government's attempts to amend the citizenship act on the basis of religion and failure to raise china's blocking of a brahmaputra tributary at the brics meeting.
;;0.0;;swachh bharat mission has been a pet project of prime minister narendramodi and it should be continued.
;;0.4146;;while most voters appreciated the idea of being represented by the chief minister, none was certain if the congress would retain power in karnataka considering the kind of thrust the bjp is exerting by deploying prime minister narendramodi himself.
;;0.0;;in political circles, however, the meeting raised eyebrows as it came close on the heels of the selection of nitish and sharad to a 149-member panel headed by prime minister narendramodi and formed by the central government to commemorate upadhyay's birth centenary.
;;0.0;;during his delhi visit, sonowal will meet prime minister narendramodi , finance minister arun jaitley and lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan.
;;0.0;;earlier, dhanraj pillay had appealed to prime minister narendramodi to provide assistance to shahid.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will be in bhubaneswar for two days to attend the meet.
;;-0.2263;;the assam sanmilita mahasangha, a confederation of indigenous people of assam, on monday demanded prime minister narendramodi to scrap the indo-nepal treaty of 1950 and introduce the provision of passport and visas for nepali citizens.
;;0.128;;15: when president xi jinping arrives on wednesday, he will first receive a crash course on chinas historic ties with prime minister narendramodi modis hometown vadnagar before overseeing an agreement between ahmedabad and guangzhou.
;;0.7096;;26: prime minister narendramodi today earned personal plaudits for injecting momentum into attempts at south asian synergy, but witnessed before his eyes a direct challenge to indias regional clout from china  backed by some of the same leaders who praised him.
;;0.6486;;sonowal, the 14th chief minister of assam, made the promise soon after the grand swearing-in of his government, attended by the who's who of the bjp, including prime minister narendramodi , at the khanapara playground here this afternoon.
;;0.7717;;before sonowal, prime minister narendramodi reached out to the crowd by promising to be with assam in its march towards development and lavished wholesome praise on the new chief minister.
;;0.128;;the scheme, aimed at housing for all by 2022, was launched by prime minister narendramodi in january last year.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced before assembly polls in the state in 2016 in an election rally at kalinagar of hailakandi district, merely 3km from cachar paper mill that the mill will be revived if the bjp came to power.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondentsoutheast in step: prime minister narendramodi (centre) poses for a photograph with asean leaders at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.4019;;the congress said prime minister narendramodi should take up the issue strictly with his party men.
;;-0.5719;;the first public demonstration of this initiative played out here on tuesday afternoon, when visiting singapore prime minister lee hsien loong began his media statement following talks with prime minister narendramodi by referring to the september 18 uri terror attack.
;;-0.6249;;there was not a squeak from narendramodi who claims, figuratively of course, that only an individual with a chest measuring 56 inches can take on terrorists.
;;0.1779;;footnotetight spot the controversial godman, asaram bapu, turned out to be a greater sensation than narendramodi in the end.
;;0.0;;the vehicle sports pictures of prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah.
;;0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi promised complete central support to the new state.
;;0.0;;as the bjp brass swung from underplaying uri to resurrecting it within hours, all eyes and ears were on prime minister narendramodi who will speak tomorrow evening at kozhikode beach.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at the opening of the chenani-nashri tunnel on sunday.
;;-0.25;;(pti) new delhi, april 5: the picture showed prime minister narendramodi alone in the country's longest road tunnel that he had just thrown open, waving in the golden glow of innumerable lights.
;;0.3818;;the taj mahalmumbai: the ncp on thursday urged prime minister narendramodi to make clear his stand on the taj mahal controversy.
;;0.5523;;when prime minister narendramodi was speaking on the motion of thanks to the presidents address, rahul was seen rubbing his mobile phone with the sleeve of his kurta, as if trying to wipe out something that would not disappear.
;;-0.296;;indian prime minister narendramodi has several times in recent weeks accused pakistan of atrocities in balochistan.
;;0.6908;;we welcome the statement that narendramodi gave to morally support the baloch nation, added baloch, clad in a beige salwar kurta, with an automatic rifle across his lap and ammunition hanging from his belt.
;;0.5859;;amresh kumar singh new delhi, june 12: in his continuing engagement with the neighbourhood, prime minister narendramodi set aside protocol today to open his doors to a top nepali republican lobbyist.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi launched the nationwide sangathan parv 2019 from varanasi.
;;0.7964;;it (the membership drive) is essential to make the party strong not only for electoral gains but to ensure that mission of our prime minister narendramodi is on right track for making a new india.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is believed to have turned down a request by muivah and isak chishi swu for a meeting and the centre insists on a time-bound settlement.
;;0.0;;picture by gautam deyrailway and coal minister piyush goyal on wednesday claimed that the modi wave had turned into a tsunami forcing the opposition leaders to target prime minister narendramodi using unparliamentary language.
;;0.3182;;modi with patnaik in new delhi on tuesday (pti)odisha chief minister naveen patnaik on tuesday met prime minister narendramodi , strengthening speculation that the bjp might offer the lok sabha deputy speakers post to the biju janata dal, disregarding the claims of oldest ally shiv sena.
;;0.128;;25: four parliamentarians, including nominated rajya sabha mp k.t.s. tulsi, have adopted four backward villages in meghalaya to be developed as model ones by 2016 under the sansad adarsh gram yojana  a scheme launched by prime minister narendramodi on october 11.
;;-0.3818;;omar darenational conference vice-president omar abdullah on thursday asked prime minister narendramodi to prove that his words carry weight and are implemented on the ground, referring to his speech in rajasthan last month in which he had asserted: our fight is for kashmir, not against kashmiris.
;;0.5574;;23: the supreme court today pulled up gujarat revenue minister anandiben patel, widely tipped to succeed chief minister narendramodi if he fulfils his national ambitions, for her decision to allot a 36-acre plot to a company in violation of rules.
;;0.0;;23: narendramodi today taunted mulayam singh yadav, saying the heartland leader would never be able to transform uttar pradesh into another gujarat, drawing the congress into the verbal duel.
;;0.0;;people are aware about the bjp and our leader prime minister narendramodi , he said.
;;0.4019;;peoples democratic party president mehbooba mufti urged prime minister narendramodi to rein in the minister.
;;0.4019;;sajeda mominbjp president amit shah and other party leaders listen to prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat radio programme over tea in ahmedabad on sunday.
;;0.6597;;even prime minister narendramodi is fully aware of his monumental blunder and has therefore been granting gst relief on items close to the gujarati heart.
;;0.431;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the signing of the framework agreement during parliament's monsoon session but no details were revealed to either house or to other parties, as has been the norm.
;;0.0;;he also targeted prime minister narendramodi over the hasty implementation of the gst and his pet bullet train project.
;;-0.2732;;after all, the lok sabha elections will be centred around the issue of re-election of prime minister narendramodi for the second time, said a senior bjp leader, stressing that the party would not mind conceding more ground in the assembly polls as that will be fought with nitish kumar as the face of the nda.
;;0.5478;;india's prime minister narendramodi pressed for a collective, coordinated and targeted action by members to revive the global economic growth as a difficult conversation was not enough to combat the slowdown.
;;0.6808;;although the appeal of prime minister narendramodi played a big role in securing an additional 16 seats for the bjp, it is now being realized that the outcome was as much a verdict on the growing popular dissatisfaction with the state government, particularly among hindus.
;;0.2263;;till the arrival of narendramodi in 2014, coinciding with the steady decline of the left, saw it emerge as a significant third party, the bjp in west bengal had reconciled itself to the routine business of losing deposits in elections.
;;0.34;;13: union home secretary anil goswami today deferred a long-planned visit to myanmar for a security dialogue, apparently staying back for possible briefings to prime minister narendramodi on cyclone hudhud and its aftermath.
;;0.4767;;according to a statement issued by the prime minister's office, the team - a senior adviser in niti aayog and a joint secretary in the home ministry - has been directed by prime minister narendramodi to assess the nature of relief and compensation package required in consultation with the local administration.
;;0.0;;new delhi, may 18: india is restructuring its foreign office to bring the americas and east asia under a new indo-pacific focus that carries shades of the us pivot to asia, days before prime minister narendramodi flies to washington.
;;0.3612;;that project was junked last april when prime minister narendramodi announced during his visit to paris that india would prefer a direct purchase of 36 rafales that would be ready to fly.
;;0.0772;;picture by prem singhlondon: indian students and alumni based in the uk have delivered a letter for prime minister narendramodi at the indian high commission in london urging him to take extraordinary measures to ensure justice in rape cases, including the kathua and unnao atrocities.
;;0.0;;the hindustan fertiliser corporation ltd (hfcl) plant at barauni is very much on the governments agenda as envisioned by prime minister narendramodi to make india self-reliant in fertiliser production.
;;0.0;;regarding the hindustan paper corporation's cachar paper mill at panchgram in hailakandi district, the chief minister said he had already discussed the issue with prime minister narendramodi and the mill would start production soon.
;;0.0;;in new delhi, bengal governor keshari nath tripathi met prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah.
;;0.5267;;i will work with with prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah to make sure that we have a corruption-free government in karnataka as well, the news agency quoted chandresekhar as saying.
;;0.5994;;although the recent letter by armed forces veterans to the president of india does not mention any political party, it is clear that the concern is regarding comments made by prime minister narendramodi and other top leaders of the bjp pti photosir  the letter written by over 150 veterans of the armed forces to the president, ram nath kovind, requesting him to stop the politicization of the armed forces is timely (veterans appeal: dont politicise military, april 13).
;;0.765;;mehta enjoys the confidence of both prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.5574;;in reciprocation, the naga people's front (npf), the main constituent of the ruling democratic alliance of nagaland (dan) government, heaped praise on prime minister narendramodi for his spectacular performance adding that what modi has done is a path-breaking performance in the past two years.
;;-0.7579;;13: prime minister narendramodi today asked asia pacific leaders to reject attempts to link religion and terrorism, reaching out to the islamic world from foreign soil in a strategic gambit aimed at isolating pakistan.
;;0.0;;calcutta, july 8: chief minister mamata banerjee is likely to attend a meeting of the inter-state council that prime minister narendramodi will chair in delhi on july 16 and 17, nabanna sources said today.
;;-0.7845;;a muslim law student has alleged on twitter that she was harassed and touched inappropriately by college mates in a bus during a trip to agra when she refused to wear bjp caps and other accessories, suggesting she was targeted because of her religion and tagging prime minister narendramodi in her social media complaint.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi greets chief minister nitish kumar at the swearing-in ceremony of the new gujarat government in gandhinagar in 2017.
;;-0.6808;;(pti file picture)when he had come here in 2014 in his newly minted chaiwala avatar, narendramodi had grandiosely declared that the next time he comes hell sit down for tea with a spoon of sugar from the motihari sugar mill.
;;0.3818;;bihar road construction minister tejashwi prasad yadav said: the promises made by prime minister narendramodi on spending rs 55000 crore on roads in bihar are yet to be met.
;;0.0;;we were not expecting much sops in the interim budget as prime minister narendramodi had already made several announcements for msmes in november last.
;;0.0;;a day after her bar on election campaigning ended, the bsp chief labelled prime minister narendramodi a farzi backward caste leader, unlike mulayam.
;;0.0;;the trigger: congress president rahul gandhis suggestion that prime minister narendramodi had set up a parallel public accounts committee somewhere, which had seen the comptroller and auditor generals report on the rafale deal.
;;0.0;;but narendramodi will never do that.
;;0.0;;(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday unveiled a host of development projects and laid the foundation stone for several others in chhattisgarh in what has now become a familiar pattern he follows while launching a virtual campaign in an election-bound state.
;;0.128;;the vaishno devi-kamakhya express was launched by prime minister narendramodi last month.
;;0.7717;;prime minister narendramodi , with the president of indonesia, joko widodo, inspects a guard of honour, during his ceremonial welcome at istana merdeka in jakarta, indonesia on wednesday.
;;0.8689;;pti photojakarta, may 30 (pti): india and indonesia on wednrsday agreed to upgrade their ties to comprehensive strategic partnership and called for freedom of navigation in the indo-pacific region as they signed 15 agreements including one on defence cooperation after extensive talks between prime minister narendramodi and president joko widodo.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi interacts with children who greeted him during his ceremonial welcome, at istana merdeka in jakarta, indonesia on wednesday, may 30, 2018.
;;0.0;;5: the government is preparing a new civil aviation policy as revealed in a meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi today.
;;0.0;;union finance minister p. chidambaram has tried to compete with the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi and former delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, who have been luring the urban middleclass.
;;0.4019;;a sacked bsf jawan has been fielded by the samajwadi party against prime minister narendramodi in varanasi in a dramatic midstream switch whose symbolism stands out in an election marked by a martial narrative.
;;-0.34;;the nocturnal announcement has prompted charges from the camp of the replaced candidate that the samajwadis are deliberately fielding a weak candidate against prime minister narendramodi on an alleged request from him to ensure that his dazzling margin of 2014 was not reduced.
;;-0.34;;so much so, the wfi said it would approach prime minister narendramodi and would leave no stone unturned to see narsingh getting into the rio-bound flight.
;;-0.4215;;i am not a person who will be afraid of threats from narendramodi , lalu said when someone pointed out that the dmk had softened its stand on demonetisation after prime minister narendramodi met m. karunanidhi.
;;0.0;;imran beigh srinagar, april 5: when prime minister narendramodi on sunday drew a parallel between kashmiri youths pelting stones and those breaking stones to carve out a tunnel, implying it was the second group that was contributing to the state's development, he probably had imran beigh in mind.
;;0.2732;;the opposition will get the opportunity of accusing prime minister narendramodi of throttling democracy.
;;0.2732;;the chief minister said the kriya yoga, which prime minister narendramodi has popularised across the world, was first practised and preached by guru gorakhnath in the state.
;;0.0;;(pti)prime minister narendramodi was unanimously elected the leader of the bjp-led national democratic alliance on saturday at a meeting attended by its newly elected mps and senior leaders in parliament's central hall.
;;0.0;;dikshit, who was in delhi today and met prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh, said in reply to a question that she had not been asked to quit as kerala governor.
;;-0.5106;;5 (pti): the cic has issued notices to the prime minister's office and the gujarat government on the issue of disclosure of the correspondence exchanged between the then chief minister narendramodi and then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee in the aftermath of the 2002 riots.
;;0.0;;our bureaubiplab kumar debnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi has called tripura chief minister biplab kumar deb to new delhi on wednesday, sources said.
;;0.0;;he is the director of india foundation, a delhi-based think tank that had invited prime minister narendramodi in february this year to address corporates.
;;0.0;;sonowal lauded prime minister narendramodi for his efforts to implement the clauses of the assam accord and alleged the earlier governments had done very little to implement the accord.
;;0.3818;;speaking on the occasion, sonowal said: guwahati has gained a lot of prominence in recent years due to prime minister narendramodi modis act east policy.
;;-0.4215;;8: punjab police have started a case against the head of a cow vigilante group in the first such attempt to rein in thugs masquerading as bovine protectors since prime minister narendramodi broke his silence on such badshahs.
;;0.4767;;our special correspondent and ptinew delhi: prime minister narendramodi leaped from generation to generation to remind gujarat of the alleged injustice meted out by rahul gandhi, his grandmother and great grandfather.
;;-0.4588;;in 2015, prime minister narendramodi had described the programme as a testimony to the failures of previous governments.
;;0.0;;11: maverick bjp leader subramanian swamy has approached prime minister narendramodi to express his objection to gstn, a not-for-profit entity meant to manage and control the accounting and collection of the goods and services tax.
;;-0.128;;the bandh was called by the tai ahom yuba parishad to oppose the visit of prime minister narendramodi and demand scrapping of the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2019.
;;0.4404;;he went on to say that prime minister narendramodi had spoken of good days to come (achhe din aane wale hain) and declared that bringing down prices was his first priority.
;;0.0;;bjp leader and former chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh said: i am in contact with central ministers and spoke to prime minister narendramodi an hour ago.
;;0.228;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , chief minister naveen patnaik said the railway route length and rail density in the state is well below the national average and also substantially lower than that in neighbouring states even though it contributes huge revenue to the railway sector.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi inducted apna dal's anupriya patel in his council of ministers two days ago.
;;-0.5267;;a poster featuring varun gandhi with narendramodi and amit shah in allahabad allahabad, june 11: a rash of unofficial posters has broken out in this city, giving the bjp a headache ahead of its national executive meeting that begins here tomorrow.
;;0.7184;;the hoardings show disgruntled bjp politicians varun gandhi, shatrughan sinha and sanjay joshi, none of whom has a comfortable relationship with prime minister narendramodi or party chief amit shah.
;;-0.1779;;off the record, many bjp insiders said the normally cautious rajnath had been forced to speak out after he sensed pankaj was being put out to pasture in the new dispensation helmed by prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah.
;;0.128;;these intellectuals have been staunchly opposed to prime minister narendramodi and his studied silence on the assault on plural and liberal values.
;;0.128;;roy added that the pradhan mantri ujjwala yojana, launched in 2016 by prime minister narendramodi , is the most environment-friendly scheme in the world.
;;0.1027;;17: prime minister narendramodi modis decision to bite the bullet and scrap the planning commission is the first in a long line of bullets that he will need to chew on if he is serious about breaking the socialist-era paradigm within which successive governments have been constrained to work since 1950.
;;-0.296;;worried he might emerge as a rallying centre for silent dissenters against chief minister narendramodi , the bjp has begun working the lines to persuade patel to recant his decision.
;;0.2716;;the most important expectation from the new government led by the redoubtable narendramodi is that it would usher in reforms in the structure and performance of the government.
;;0.6705;;sharma's contention was that the deal was announced by prime minister narendramodi during his april 2015 visit to paris and the approval of the cabinet committee on security was taken post-facto.
;;0.7003;;cartoon characters motu and patlu wave to the participants at the yoga day event at prabhat tara grounds in ranchi on friday (picture by prashant mitra)dhurwa, which had in july 2002 gained notoriety for a domicile-related clash that claimed three lives, on friday witnessed the assembly of over 40,000 people cutting across caste, community and religion perform yoga with prime minister narendramodi on prabhat tara grounds to celebrate international yoga day.
;;0.3724;;he said it was not a political accident that prime minister narendramodi decided to contest from varanasi.
;;-0.4939;;file picturenew delhi: having led a successful midnight candle march, an aggressive rahul gandhi on friday asked prime minister narendramodi to break his silence and tell the nation why rapists and murders were being protected.
;;0.128;;rajkiyakrit madhya vidyalaya in morabadi will arrange for live viewing of the pms address on september 5 lack of electricity and tv sets at many state-run schools may come as a big deterrent for thousands of jharkhand students who are hoping, along with their counterparts across the nation, to catch prime minister narendramodi modis speech and q&a on september 5, teachers day.
;;0.836;;replying to a query, she said she felt great when prime minister narendramodi congratulated her on her win.
;;0.5423;;bhubaneswar, may 3: former union minister and congress leader mani shankar aiyar made some predictions on the bjp and prime minister narendramodi during an interaction with the audience at an award programme here.
;;0.5994;;students and teachers of shiksha niketan join hands with narendramodi youth brigade members to clean the banks of tarcompany talab on friday.
;;0.0;;around 60 students of classes viii and ix of shiksha niketan, telco, and six members of narendramodi youth brigade on friday trooped to the two-acre tarcompany talab, a stones throw from the school campus, and began purging the nine-decade-old pond of garbage and puja paraphernalia.
;;0.7096;;we are happy to join hands with students in this operation, added ankit singh, a functionary of the narendramodi youth brigade.
;;-0.9062;;the state and central governments are not taking steps for raising the minimum support price, preventing distress sale and reducing their loan burden, said yadav, who called the narendramodi government as the worst enemy of the farmers.
;;-0.2584;;however, prime minister narendramodi is not giving an appointment to the all-party delegation of the assembly.
;;0.6124;;prime minister narendramodi gave the call to hold these rallies across the country to make the youth aware of the sacrifices of our freedom fighters.
;;-0.3612;;the planned gross borrowing for fiscal 2020 is the highest in at least nine years as prime minister narendramodi offered cash support to a section of farmers and a cut in taxes for individuals whose annual income is below rs 5 lakh in the interim budget.
;;0.5719;;she also encouraged the students to join prime minister narendramodi modis cleanliness campaign.
;;0.4215;;hluna said they have complete faith in prime minister narendramodi and their candidate, chakma.
;;0.5972;;three disgruntled bjp stalwarts have joined hands with a breakaway party faction against gujarat chief minister narendramodi , in what they claim is a now or never battle.
;;0.5267;;while this (trade growth) is encouraging, the level of present economic and commercial relation is not enough against the real potential, prime minister narendramodi said addressing the india-turkey business summit, also attended by visiting turkish president recep tayyip erdogan.
;;0.0;;the ghat, which has been functioning since 2004, was shut down after the rail-cum-road bridge was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on tuesday.
;;0.2263;;bpcc office-bearers, mlas, leaders who contested the 2015 assembly elections, district-level observers and party presidents, as well as several other leaders participated in the meeting, put forth their suggestions on the issue and narrated the woes of the common people in the aftermath of demonetisation announced by prime minister narendramodi on november 8 last year.
;;0.0516;;new delhi, july 16: prime minister narendramodi has assured russian president vladimir putin that india will continue to oppose western sanctions against moscow over the crisis in ukraine, and has set up a date for a december photo opportunity that washington will watch closely.
;;-0.3182;;indore-based satyanarayan sattan  well-known poet, civil society activist and former bjp legislator  was critical of the partys policies and attitude under prime minister narendramodi and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan in an interview with the telegraph.
;;0.5994;;certainly that is the image that the government of narendramodi would like to project of itself.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah seem to have zeroed in on sinha following extensive consultations with the mlas and other senior politicians.
;;0.4019;;new delhi, march 26 (pti): prime minister narendramodi today urged people to use less cash in their daily lives and continue to support the movement towards digital payments, started after the note recall in november.
;;-0.6864;;(pti)london: uk-based groups have expressed disappointment at prime minister narendramodi not stopping by at ambedkar house in north london during his visit to britain, viewing it as a total snub to the dalit diaspora.
;;-0.0258;;after a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and president barack obama in laos yesterday, the white house claimed modi had committed to ratifying the deal this year, before obama leaves office, while the indian foreign office insisted no date had been decided yet.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi with former prime minister manmohan singh, congress president sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi, lok sabhaspeaker sumitra mahajan, sushma swaraj at floral tributes to mattyrs of the 2001 parliament attack.
;;-0.9559;;13 (pti): prime minister narendramodi and his predecessor manmohan singh gave a break to their war of words over the gujarat elections on wednesday as they and other political leaders gathered to pay homage to those killed in the 2001 terrorist attack on parliament.
;;0.2732;;when manmohan singh greeted narendramodi with a 'namaste' just before the ceremony, modi cupped his hands.
;;-0.4019;;recognize your strength and vote en block to defeat prime minister narendramodi , he said.
;;-0.7783;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the note ban on november 8 last year, and rjd chief lalu prasad on monday said the decision destroyed the country's economy.
;;0.0;;what will narendramodi do with his mandate?
;;0.6369;;spokespersons for the party reiterate that narendramodi has promised development for all.
;;0.1027;;given the bjps refrain that narendramodi modis campaign was centred on growth and governance to the exclusion of all things sectarian, someone needs to explain why christians didnt respond to the universal economic rationality of the bjps message.
;;0.8442;;the bjp might, of course, mutate into an indian version of the german christian democratic union, a centre-right party mindful of the niceties of a liberal democratic republic, but given that the party is led by narendramodi and amit shah, its fair to say that this remains to be seen.
;;-0.3099;;the bjp has argued that baliyan was framed by a hostile state government and it should be noted that he hasnt been convicted of a crime, but its worth remembering that narendramodi has form in this matter.
;;0.6369;;nor can i see narendramodi amending article 25 of the indian constitution which guarantees freedom of religion.
;;-0.6249;;a few months ago, tejashwi had urged prime minister narendramodi to issue directives to the maharashtra government, calling for action against those who were inciting people to indulge in violence against those from outside maharashtra.
;;0.0;;national leaders who campaigned in the three constituencies included bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , its national president rajnath singh and congress vice-president rahul gandhi, besides chief minister tarun gogoi.
;;0.2263;;long before prime minister narendramodi shot with bear grylls for a wilderness survival television programme, rajarshi pal, 47, had participated in survival courses run by the adventurers academy, spanning three continents.
;;0.0772;;an attempt by some members of a premier body of hindu scholars to confer sainthood on prime minister narendramodi has run into trouble, with other members calling the effort illegitimate and politically motivated.
;;-0.3818;;so, imagine what happens to a 25-year-old narendramodi and a 20-year-old mamata banerjee when indira gandhi declares the emergency in 1975.
;;-0.7351;;it did not take geopolitical rocket science to see that the unfinished, botched business in afghanistan would metastasize and exacerbate our own problems - our problems with pakistan, with the jihadi outfits run by the isi, with the whole mess in kashmir and, not least, with the growing power of extremists such as narendramodi and praveen togadia in the sangh parivar.
;;0.1235;;given the twists and turns history has visited upon the world since those days of 2002-03 it's no surprise that an unrepentant tony blair's response to the chilcot report, while more wholesome and sincere than narendramodi modi's statement, is still the equivalent of well, regrettably, a couple of puppies may have got run over by my driver but of course i would drive down that same road again, at the same speed.
;;0.5574;;lalmohan patnaikhigh alert: a cut-out of prime minister narendramodi at the entrance to bali yatra groundvehicles parked at the designated lotcuttack: the killa maidan, the stage for prime minister narendramodi modi's saturday celebrations to mark four years of his government at the centre, has been turned into a fortress with a three-tier security cover.
;;0.0;;rather, rights activist kavita srivastava said, the government of then chief minister narendramodi and his then home minister amit shah had facilitated parole for many of the convicts.
;;0.0;;all those years ago, when he began to stir tea for barack obama on the lawns of hyderabad house dressed in a suit pin-striped with the fullness of his name  narendramodi damodardas modi  he was lampooned.
;;0.0;;)pm narendramodi with us president barack obama in hyderabad house, delhi, in 2015 (rajesh kumar)durgesh must be introduced again.
;;0.5423;;top leaders, including prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah, swivelled the spotlight on infiltration during the campaign, said a government official in north 24-parganas, where a large part of the bangladesh border is yet to be fenced.
;;-0.5994;;11: the union minister for tribal affairs, jual oram, today accused the sikkim democratic front government of misleading prime minister narendramodi by projecting sikkim as an organic state.
;;0.0;;9: bjp leader subramanian swamy has requested prime minister narendramodi to install a statue of legendary ahom general lachit borphukan and name one of the roads after him in new delhi.
;;0.5267;;we will meet prime minister narendramodi , union home minister rajnath singh and minister of state for home kiren rijiju and seek justice for the family, bordoloi said.
;;0.4019;;telegraph picture shillong, april 25: hours after the union cabinet decided to do away with one of the status symbols of india, the red beacon, prime minister narendramodi tweeted: every indian is special.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is trying to make a congress-free india and the bengal chief minister wants to wipe out the opposition.
;;0.3182;;siddaramaiah alleged that senior karnataka bjp leaders were trying to lure opposition members away with the endorsement of prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah.
;;-0.7269;;bjp president amit shah on monday described prime minister narendramodi as the tallest world leader with the political will to fight terror and promised a befitting reply to the pulwama attack, as the party eyes political mileage from drumming up passions over the tragedy.
;;-0.6597;;while advising the opposition not to politicise the issue or question how such an attack took place, the bjp led by prime minister narendramodi has been going all out to build a nationalist frenzy in the country over the deaths of the 40 crpf jawans.
;;-0.2023;;nairobi, july 10: prime minister narendramodi today persuaded kenyan president uhuru kenyatta to join him in addressing 19,000 indian-origin kenyans - and for five minutes, the invitee threatened to overshadow the man who had invited him.
;;0.3818;;earlier in the month, bengal government had pulled out of the ayushman bharat scheme after mamata alleged that the centre was using the picture of prime minister narendramodi in the letters to take credit for a jointly funded project.
;;0.0;;addressing a public meeting in krishnanagar in nadia, mamata said the centre was printing the picture of prime minister narendramodi in the official communication of the scheme for publicity.
;;-0.7776;;9: obstetrician jayant shah has performed over 100 surgeries, some of them on patients in life-threatening conditions, but bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi is his pick for the surgery he argues is most critical.
;;0.4939;;5: when children want to be prime minister, narendramodi is safe.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday accused the samajwadi party of going soft on the congress, in what appeared to be an attempt to drive a wedge in the sp-bsp-rld alliance that has posed a tough challenge to the bjp in uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;the two-day dialogue, announced last summer when prime minister narendramodi had a meeting with president trump at the white house, had been tentatively scheduled for april 18-19.
;;-0.2755;;prime minister narendramodi does not look like the kind of person who would make a habit of bending backwards.
;;0.0;;and yet, come to think of it, the world has been familiar with yoga for long and the reason is not narendramodi modi.
;;0.0;;but it is narendramodi who has seized on the symbolism of yoga and is harnessing its range of appeal to foreground an ism within india and before the world.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi laid the foundation stone for an aiims at gorakhpur recently while we are still lagging behind, the save guwahati build guwahati general secretary said.
;;0.3818;;we accept the peoples mandate with humility, prime minister narendramodi tweeted on tuesday night, capping a day on which many usually vocal bjp leaders were found tongue-tied.
;;0.0;;we ask prime minister narendramodi to explain his position on the suggestion given by the jammu and kashmir chief minister to talk to pakistan.
;;0.7783;;the bjp, which has won the mangaldoi seat in 2004 and 2009, too, has gone all out to woo voters by getting its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi to campaign for its sitting mp ramen deka.
;;0.4215;;lalu prasad was convicted and mishra exonerated - this is the game plan of prime minister narendramodi , raghuvansh told the telegraph.
;;0.4588;;the children will receive the awards from prime minister narendramodi on january 23 ahead of the republic day and will take part in the parade.
;;0.765;;prime minister narendramodi will address an election rally in chaibasa on may 5 to boost bjps prospects in singhbhum constituency, which is currently held by mp and state party chief laxman gilua.
;;0.93;;for these reasons, prime minister narendramodi has been effusive about our russia relationship during putin's visit, underlining that russia has been a pillar of strength for india's development, security and international relations, that we have a friendship of unmatched mutual confidence, trust and goodwill and a strategic partnership that is incomparable in content.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to launch the bal swachhta mission on the birth anniversary of jawaharlal nehru on november 14.
;;0.0;;the mixed signals have left the government looking somewhat rudderless in the absence of prime minister narendramodi and it is now exploring the possibility of holding a discussion on gaza after he returns home.
;;0.5267;;party general secretary anil jain is also present (pti photo)neeraj shekhar, who resigned from the rajya sabha as a samajwadi party member on monday, joined the bjp on tuesday after meeting prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.7783;;so now that the bharatiya janata party government, or rather, the government led by narendramodi , is going such great guns at the centre, it is time all the prodigal sons - the daughters obediently behind them - came 'home'.
;;-0.8555;;rahul gandhi had accused the narendramodi government of hiding behind soldiers' blood and asked it not to do dalali with their sacrifice, prompting an infuriated bjp to declare he is unfit to lead the congress, let alone the nation.
;;0.0516;;at an all-party meeting called by union home minister rajnath singh, the entire opposition extended support to the centre for the strikes and for any future action, information and broadcasting minister m. venkaiah naidu told reporters prime minister narendramodi had earlier called up his predecessor manmohan singh to inform him of the development, while external affairs minister sushma swaraj visited sonia's home to brief her.
;;-0.4404;;new delhi, july 1: prime minister narendramodi will face the most direct test on his government's response to a series of attacks against african nationals in india earlier this year when he addresses kenyan students in nairobi on july 11.
;;0.0;;modi skips iftar for the third year in a row, prime minister narendramodi skipped the iftar hosted by president pranab mukherjee.
;;0.0;;new delhi, july 8: prime minister narendramodi seems to have given in partially to his ministers on selection of personal staff.
;;0.5719;;(from top) babul supriyo, narendramodi and bappi lahiri calcutta, april 24: narendramodi modis war-room strategists are planning at least five more meetings to be addressed by the bjps prime ministerial candidate in bengal constituencies where the party is spying a chance.
;;0.34;;the announcement, which came in a joint statement issued after prime minister narendramodi held hour-long talks with his visiting australian counterpart malcolm turnbull, was a part of a series of steps the two countries declared to bolster their security cooperation.
;;0.5719;;renuka rawat has come up with something she thinks is the perfect counter to narendramodi modis so-called gujarat model of development.
;;0.5719;;the idea behind the plan announced by prime minister narendramodi on october 11 may have made kanu sanyal happy, though the founding member of the cpi (marxist-leninist) had chosen the path of revolution to meet the stated objective of bringing social equality.
;;-0.4767;;in april this year, when the then prime ministerial candidate narendramodi was delivering his speech at a public meeting in matigara under my constituency, he had specifically mentioned the backwardness of naxalbari, which is known for the seat of a revolutionary movement, aimed for socio-economic development of the poor and downtrodden, ahluwalia said, during his visit to sanyals home today.
;;0.2681;;chief minister naveen patnaik writes to then union water resources minister arjun sethi (of bjd) december 20, 2000: odisha discusses issue with an official delegation of chhattisgarh april 10, 2001: construction activities undertaken by chhattisgarh on the upstream of mahanadi discussed in odisha assembly july 24, 2008: officials of both states meet in bhubaneswar august 5, 2010: odisha assembly discusses issue through an adjournment motion february 5, 2011: in a report published in the telegraph, water resources secretary suresh mohapatra says odisha will not have any problem even if the chhattisgarh government builds 100 barrages on the river the story this year  march 12: naveen tells odisha assembly his government is aware of projects undertaken by chhattisgarh may 2: issue raised in the assembly june 22: odisha government defers a tripartite meeting on the arpa-bhaisar project in one month july 4: naveen writes to prime minister narendramodi urging him to advice chhattisgarh to stop unilateral construction of major structures on the mahanadi july 7: union petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan criticises odisha government and suggests a joint control board to resolve the issue july 23: chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh says it would have been better if naveen had spoken to him before writing to modi ljuly 26: mahanadi issue raised in parliament july 26: congress delegation led by narasingha mishra visits chhattisgarh july 29: senior officials of the two states meet in delhi but fail to arrive at any conclusion july 31: chhattisgarh water resources minister brijmohan agrawal says projects approved by central water commission will not be stopped august 3: leader of opposition narasingha mishra calls for all-party meeting following naveens refusal to do so august 9: bjd delegation led by rajya sabha member prasanna acharya inspects projects sites august 9: bjp leader bijoy mohapatra urges odisha government to suggest to the centre to form a river board august 10: all-party delegation led by narasingha mishra meets governor seeking presidents intervention.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi during live interaction with the beneficiaries of digital india across the country.
;;0.25;;15 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on friday said his pet digital india initiative is a war against touts and middlemen, helping check blackmoney and black marketing while creating immense job opportunities in small towns and rural areas.
;;0.0;;from prime minister narendramodi to chief minister sarbananda sonowal, everybody made rhino poaching an issue before the 2014 lok sabha and 2016 assembly elections.
;;0.7845;;new delhi, july 31: india and america today officially acknowledged for the first time that seemingly intractable differences across the economic and geopolitical spectrum had potholed their strategic partnership, accepting they needed specific breakthroughs to make prime minister narendramodi modis september trip to washington truly worthwhile.
;;0.0;;biren singh said he presented his plan to prime minister narendramodi during the recent niti aayog meeting held in delhi where 13 chief ministers and a deputy chief minister were present.
;;0.5859;;it would also increase his chances of clipping gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis growing clout in the nda, a political observer said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in singapore during the asean-india informal breakfast summit on thursday.
;;0.0;;ptithe congress has made public a purported timeline on the rafale deal that suggests deep divisions within the narendramodi government and multiple attempts to steamroller objections and words of caution from within.
;;0.0;;he said the bjp government at the centre, led by prime minister narendramodi , had lapsed into policy paralysis within 100 days of coming to power.
;;0.0;;terming the bills anti-tribal, the forum sent a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi yesterday not to take any action that will convert the bills into acts.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi arrived in colombo on sunday after a visit to the maldives.
;;0.5859;;(pti)prime minister narendramodi arrived in sri lanka sunday on the second leg of his first foreign visit after re-election last month to strengthen the bilateral ties with the island nation, reflecting the importance india attaches to its 'neighbourhood first' policy.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi has directed all help should be rendered to bihar as well as nepal to meet any eventuality.
;;0.0;;congress vice-president k.e. radhakrishna said that if manju cannot use his government office for election work, nor should prime minister narendramodi use government machinery while travelling to the states to campaign.
;;-0.25;;of late, he has intensified his attack against the bjp as well as prime minister narendramodi in the run-up to the gujarat polls, scheduled to be held in two phases in december.
;;0.0;;controversy had erupted last month when prime minister narendramodi was perceived as obliquely comparing congress member renuka chowdhury to surpanakha in parliament after she had guffawed at one his claims on the origins of the aadhaar scheme.
;;0.6908;;(pti)ahmedabad: prime minister narendramodi on sunday credited  rashtra bhakti (nationalism) for his government's help to indians of diverse faiths, while describing as a fatwa a letter by an archbishop that appeared critical of nationalist forces.
;;0.5859;;congress president rahul gandhi on friday threw a chinese punch at prime minister narendramodi modis make in india initiative and said that india should learn from the experience of china in creating job opportunities despite adopting large-scale automation.
;;0.4215;;in the morning, kerry will meet national security adviser ajit doval and defence and finance minister arun jaitley, and later in the evening, will meet sushma again over dinner before visiting prime minister narendramodi at his residence on friday morning.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has alleged that the central government's subsidies on rice and wheat were being siphoned off by middlemen.
;;0.0772;;i will soon write to prime minister narendramodi and chief minister sarbananda sonowal and request them to make it mandatory for all government officials and leaders to send their children to government schools.
;;0.3182;;after the inauguration of the bridge by prime minister narendramodi on december 25, there has been a huge rush of vehicles from both sides of the bridge.
;;0.0;;malaika arora khan kumar, also an old aide of prime minister narendramodi , and his wife have donated $1.
;;0.0;;lk advani, rajnath singh and narendramodi with the bjp manifesto in delhi on monday.
;;0.4215;;the bulk of the 42-page document bears the stamp of narendramodi , who seems to have largely succeeded in scaling down the partys stated position on issues related to the rashtriya swayamsevak sanghs inherently divisive agendas.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondentnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday took off in a seaplane from the sabarmati river in ahmedabad and landed near a dam 180km away before offering prayers at a temple as he ended his gujarat campaign seeking to underline both development and hindutva.
;;0.0;;narendra modinew delhi, july 2 (reuters): prime minister narendramodi has permitted twitter unprecedented access to his administration in a drive to put social media at the heart of government, the us internet company said.
;;-0.5267;;modi complaint trinamul has lodged a complaint with chief election commissioner sampath against narendramodi for his alleged use of a government-owned pawan hans helicopter to visit karnataka on march 30.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and jean pierre harrison (third from left), husband of late astronaut kalpana chawla, and family members after the wreath-laying ceremony at columbia space shuttle memorial at arlington national cemetery in virginia.
;;0.0;;iran's foreign minister javad zarif (right) shakes hands with narendramodi in tehran on monday as president hassan rouhani looks on.
;;0.7269;;those differences could even cast a shadow on the trilateral chabahar agreement the three countries signed today, some experts said, although prime minister narendramodi called the india-iran strategic friendship a factor of stability in the region.
;;0.6124;;new delhi, may 29: in his first telephone conversation with a foreign head of government, prime minister narendramodi told chinas premier li keqiang that china will remain a priority in indias foreign relations and that his government will continue to engage with beijing to resolve pending bilateral issues.
;;-0.7964;;prime minister narendramodi wants foreign industries to open their units in india, but his party's government is killing an indigenous industry, jamal said.
;;-0.6329;;the congresss message should resonate all the way to nagpur, to mohan bhagawat (rss chief), prime minister narendramodi , the chowkidaar, that we will not allow them to harm the lifestyle, culture, language and history of this region.
;;0.3818;;narendra modi in new delhi on thursday picture by ptiprime minister narendramodi on thursday said the urban centres of the northeast, with their pool of skilled human resources, have the potential to emerge as growth hubs for the entire region.
;;-0.6369;;in agra, which also votes on february 11, rahul alleged that narendramodi and other bjp leaders spread hatred wherever they go.
;;0.0;;here the claims of both the state government headed by manjhi and prime minister narendramodi are at stake.
;;0.4019;;in last week of december, during the demonetisation period, prime minister narendramodi had announced a scheme to boost real estate and provide affordable houses to all.
;;0.4019;;patna figures in the list of 100 smart cities prime minister narendramodi wants to develop in india.
;;0.0516;;congress president rahul gandhi, amid rumblings within the party after a disastrous performance in the lok sabha elections, is said to have accused three senior leaders of placing their respective sons above the party while his sister priyanka has alleged the entire top-brass left him alone to fight it out against prime minister narendramodi , party sources said.
;;0.926;;13: india has won us support for its food stockpiling scheme, paving the way for the implementation of a global trade facilitation agreement to ease customs norms and giving prime minister narendramodi a victory without major concessions.
;;0.0;;after the meeting, the ib director briefed prime minister narendramodi about monday's ambush.
;;-0.0516;;it is high time narendramodi realised that diplomacy requires gravitas, depth and seriousness, not public tamasha.
;;0.2263;;16: many movers and shakers may give an arm and more for a photo-op with prime minister narendramodi but the victims of una flogging and their relatives have turned down an opportunity.
;;0.4588;;however, the bjd's cuttack-barbati mla debasis samantray said: we welcome prime minister narendramodi to the city.
;;0.0;;picture by ub photos guwahati, april 12: assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal today met prime minister narendramodi at his official residence in new delhi and invited him to inaugurate the dhola-sadiya bridge next month and the global investors' summit to be held here in november this year.
;;0.0;;paswan, accompanied by bjp's palamau mp vishnu dayal ram, chhattisgarh's ljp legislator amar paswan and jharia candidate singh, also drew parallels between prime minister narendramodi and his predecessor.
;;0.4215;;be it america, australia, japan, nepal or bhutan, the entire world has been compelled to accept india's might ever since narendramodi took over the reins of the country.
;;0.3612;;that is what narendramodi promised.
;;0.2023;;the three-time assam chief minister was swift to take a dig at the bjp and prime minister narendramodi in a tweeter post.
;;0.7096;;navayana, the ambedkarite publishing house, decided not to publish the english translation of his first novel, aazhi soozh ulagu (ocean ringed world) that it had commissioned, because d cruz had posted a paean of praise to narendramodi on his facebook page, declaring plainly that he wanted him to become indias prime minister.
;;0.128;;bhutan prime minister tshering tobgay new delhi, june 13: prime minister narendramodi modis choice of tiny bhutan for his first foreign trip is driven by a carefully crafted foreign policy thrust on reasserting indias primacy in its immediate neighbourhood, eroded by serial setbacks in recent years.
;;0.7783;;prime minister narendramodi presents an award to nalanda district magistrate thiyagarajan sm (second from right) and south bihar power distribution company limited (sbpdcl) managing director r lakshmanan (right) for best implementation of deen dayal upadhyaya gram jyoti yojana, the centre's rural electrification scheme, as minister of state in the prime minister's office (independent charge) jitendra singh (centre) looks on.
;;-0.4215;;sangma also took a dig at prime minister narendramodi , stating that his (modi) mantra was to tell lies to the people.
;;0.7351;;4 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on saturday exuded confidence that india's ranking on the world banks ease-of-doing-business scale will further improve next year when the impact of the goods & services tax is taken into account.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was among the participants.
;;0.0;;of course, priyankas nowhere near prime minister narendramodi modis 45-million-plus followers.
;;-0.3818;;23: the congress today launched a frontal attack on prime minister narendramodi over demonetisation.
;;0.7269;;siddaramaiahfile picturebangalore, may 16 (pti): karnataka's outgoing chief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday accused prime minister narendramodi of encouraging horse-trading to bring the bharatiya janata party to power in the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah had spoken of such a possibility while campaigning.
;;0.6808;;she also congratulated prime minister narendramodi for the historic mandate in favour of the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp).
;;0.8316;;our special correspondentnew delhi: the congress on monday dared prime minister narendramodi to take legal action following the revelations in the paradise papers, a cache of leaked documents on offshore accounts that included the names of some party leaders.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted:jaipur is a city associated with culture and valour.
;;0.2023;;the delayed response has cost prime minister narendramodi at least some support in the countryside in the current general election although most political strategists still think he can probably hang on to power.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during an election rally, ahead of lok sabha polls, at chitradurga on tuesday, april 09, 2019.
;;0.3612;;(pti)urban clusters in the immediate vicinity of the national capital are still singing the 2014 theme song: modi, modi, modiany random survey in the gated societies, the high-rise apartments in noida or greater noida, which are part of the gautam budh nagar lok sabha constituency, and indirapuram or vaishali in ghaziabad shows that prime minister narendramodi will return to power.
;;0.3818;;he said the department was working towards fulfilling the resolve of prime minister narendramodi to double the income of farmers by 2022.
;;0.0;;(prime minister narendramodi is not part of this committee or the one on accommodation.
;;-0.765;;april 19: from the maa-beta ka sarkar in delhi to baap-beta ka sarkar in dispur, killing of rhinos, settlement of illegal bangladeshis, supporting the long-standing st demand of six communities, bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi did not hold anything back in his attempt to connect with assam at three back-to-back well-attended poll rallies, possibly his last in the state, before the final phase on april 24.
;;-0.0258;;he had also remained an nda ally after the 2002 gujarat riots and praised narendramodi for his governance.
;;0.0;;2 crore have been seized across the country since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8.
;;-0.4019;;the cabinet, headed by prime minister narendramodi , also decided to include in the amendments that any dispute between the states and the centre will be adjudicated by the gst council, which will have representations from both the centre and the states.
;;0.0;;jagannath temple bhubaneswar: the servitors of puris jagannath temple have decided to meet prime minister narendramodi , seeking his immediate intervention in the repair of the 12th century shrine.
;;0.0;;earthmovers level the ground at prabhat tara school in ranchi ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit on international yoga day on june 21.
;;0.1531;;picture by prashant mitrathe state capital has started warming up for the june 21 international yoga day event in which prime minister narendramodi is supposed to perform asanas along with 50,000 people.
;;-0.5574;;rbi deputy governor n.s. vishwanathan was the other director who did not attend the november 8 meeting convened just three hours before prime minister narendramodi announced the ban in an address to the nation.
;;0.8519;;anyone who reposes faith in the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah is welcome into the party, he had said expressing solidarity with panda who, he said, had been treated badly by the bjd leadership.
;;-0.4404;;the banners have dubbed prime minister narendramodi as one who had betrayed hindus in the name of the ram temple and called for removing him while lauding chief minister yogi adityanath as one committed to a ram temple and (india as a) hindu nation.
;;0.0;;the cabinet also decided that the chief minister would lead a political delegation to delhi on friday (june 3) to meet president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh to seek assent to the bills.
;;0.5423;;our special correspondentnew delhi: congress veteran p. chidambaram on tuesday accused prime minister narendramodi of trying to pitch the gujarat polls around himself and said next month's elections were not about mr modi, the individual but about the promised achchhe din.
;;0.7184;;(pti)congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday claimed that the supreme court has made it clear that prime minister narendramodi committed a theft after the apex court allowed petitioners to rely on leaked documents of the rafale judgment.
;;0.3612;;our special correspondentnew delhi: timed to coincide with the run-up to the gujarat polls, prime minister narendramodi spoke of unsuccessful attempts to erase the contributions of the original iron man of india as he marked the birth anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel.
;;-0.3612;;the first was when when prime minister narendramodi had rejected the demand of nitish granting central university status to patna university during modi's visit to patna in october last year.
;;0.128;;4: bahujan samaj party chief mayawati today accused prime minister narendramodi of advertising the products of companies owned by big corporate houses as they had helped him come to power two years ago.
;;0.7184;;our special correspondentnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday told president donald trump that the cooperation between india and the us can rise beyond bilateral ties, tantalising washington that has launched a charm offensive to woo new delhi into its corner.
;;0.0;;a host of leaders including prime minister narendramodi visited the bjp patriarch at the hospital on monday.
;;0.0;;picture by manoj kumarpatna: former jdu chief sharad yadav on wednesday slammed prime minister narendramodi and chief minister nitish kumar for the way they are running the government at the centre and the state.
;;0.34;;the people of the country chose the narendramodi government to guard the nation and provide security.
;;0.8402;;telegraph picture tura, june 13: the east garo hills unit of the bjp today celebrated three years of the narendramodi government and hoped the party will be able to form a non-congress government in meghalaya in the 2018 assembly elections.
;;0.5719;;the general secretary of the bjp's east garo hills unit, thomas n. marak, said, we are celebrating the development that has been brought about by prime minister narendramodi , which has benefited crores of people across the country.
;;0.8074;;29 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on monday made a humble request to all political parties to help pass the bill on instant triple talaq in the budget session of parliament, saying it would be a new year gift for muslim women.
;;-0.4767;;gogoi said he was discharging his raj dharma (state duty), making a veiled attack on bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi who once in a tv interview reportedly said he was a hindu nationalist.
;;0.0;;sahu later met prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh and briefed them about rising cases of atrocities against women in bihar.
;;-0.2732;;agp president atul bora sent a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi seeking withdrawal of the centre's decision to stop distribution of foodgrain at subsidised rates to tea garden workers and suspend incentives under the northeast industrial and investment promotion policy, 2007.
;;-0.7783;;but in the past week, the mild-mannered official has been caught up in a political storm that has threatened to undermine prime minister narendramodi modis government months before a general election.
;;0.7003;;babula, 32, had come to bhubaneswar along with his mother sujata panda, 54, the daughter-in-law of the late freedom fighter to be felicitated by prime minister, narendramodi at the raj bhavan here on april 16.
;;-0.7003;;2: when prime minister narendramodi began his second mann ki baat this morning, many would not have thought that a core issue confronting the youths of this country  drug abuse  would find a mention.
;;0.8047;;dipak mishrapatna: chief minister nitish kumar was quick to make congratulatory calls to prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, but there is a feeling of schadenfreude in the jdu: the party believes its bargaining power vis--vis it's ally will now increase given the reduced margin of victory in gujarat.
;;0.3612;;the result underlines the importance of having nitish kumar on their side in future lok sabha and assembly elections in bihar and increases our bargaining power, said a senior jdu leader after nitish congratulated prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah on the phone.
;;0.5574;;not only do bjp ministers report to deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, they also praise narendramodi instead of chief minister nitish kumar at public functions.
;;-0.5994;;when i used to eat non-vegetarian food i used to be always angry, claimed tej, who had threatened to skin prime minister narendramodi for downgrading lalu's security cover.
;;0.0;;front page > odisha > odisha diary odisha diary namo visit bhubaneswar: bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi will visit the state on an election campaign on april 4.
;;0.3818;;deputy cm slur at pm patna: deputy chief minister tejashwi prasad yadav on wednesday taunted prime minister narendramodi for greeting bihar on the occasion of bihar diwas.
;;0.0;;central committee members of adivasi suraksha parishad, an apolitical outfit comprising tribal leaders from the state, will participate in the four-day national tribal carnival which will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi at indira gandhi stadium.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , seen in the house in the morning, was not present when his government was left red-faced.
;;0.7096;;our party has decided to join the bjp after realising the vision of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister nongthombam biren singh's policies to cement the cracks between the hill and the valley, robindro said.
;;0.2668;;this amount is equivalent to the total budget of the central government in 2017-18, oxfam india said in a statement after culling facts and statistics from a report titled reward work, not wealth that was released ahead of meeting of the world economic forum in davos where prime minister narendramodi is a keynote speaker at the plenary session on tuesday.
;;-0.7906;;new delhi, aug 18: the congress today reacted angrily to the governments charge that it aided pakistan and spoke in different voices on strategic matters, arguing that it was prime minister narendramodi modis confused flip-flops that caused concern.
;;0.4215;;in his early days as prime minister, narendramodi raised hopes that he would uphold federalist principles more than his predecessors had done.
;;0.0;;the election commission is learnt to have showcaused the railways for the use of paper teacups with prime minister narendramodi modis slogan main bhi chowkidar.
;;0.0;;prem singhthe election commission is learnt to have showcaused the railways for the use of paper teacups with prime minister narendramodi modis slogan main bhi chowkidar.
;;0.0;;with prime minister narendramodi himself leading the way on social media and asking ministers to utilise the medium, we are now set to guide the officials.
;;0.4019;;basant kumar mohantynew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday shared his thoughts on examination stress with students, many of whom will be eligible for voting in 2019, and concluded his interaction by saying he has made crores of friends.
;;0.2023;;nirav modi was last publicly seen in an indian government group photograph of ceos and top company executives of corporate sector with prime minister narendramodi at a world economic forum meeting in davos, switzerland.
;;0.5719;;new delhi, march 20: the congress today alleged that narendramodi had deliberately compromised with national security along gujarats coastline close to the pakistan border, mounting a rare offensive on national security that the bjp considers its strongest plank.
;;0.4404;;speaking at the rally, conrad thanked prime minister narendramodi and oram for their attention towards garo hills.
;;-0.128;;in bjp circles, prime minister narendramodi and shah are both projected as leaders from humble backgrounds who have struggled to reach the top.
;;0.4588;;if gujarat chief minister narendramodi declared awards for munaf patel and yusuf pathan, delhi chief minister sheila dikshit opened her governments purse-strings to shower crores on virendra sehwag, virat kohli and ashish nehra.
;;-0.7845;;the naga citizens body called the ban after a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi seeking intervention by the centre to the situation in ukhrul town failed to evoke any response from the centre.
;;0.7096;;zeliang said prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the state would send a positive signal to the people and urged the naga factions to come together and pursue a solution.
;;0.6124;;in his meeting with prime minister narendramodi tomorrow, it is believed that cook will highlight the benefits of allowing the sale of refurbished phones in india.
;;0.0;;even in 2016, when prime minister narendramodi flagged off the unity run in delhi, celebrations in bihar were low-key.
;;0.0;;artistes perform traditional chaiti ghora dance outside janata maidan yogi magic yogi adityanath (pti) after prime minister narendramodi , uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath was the most sought after leader at the bjps two-day national meet.
;;0.0;;traffic at a standstill following prime minister narendramodi modis visit to lingaraj temple.
;;0.8316;;pictures by ashwinee pati cops relax police officials heaved a sigh of relief with prime minister narendramodi and bjp heavyweights, including party president amit shah, leaving bhubaneswar today following the conclusion of the bjps two-day national executive in the city.
;;0.0;;amplifiers being installed at gopal maidan, jamshedpur, on thursday for narendramodi modis rally.
;;0.4019;;picture by bhola prasad all eyes are on saturday, november 29, as arch- rivals prime minister narendramodi , congress president sonia gandhi and chief minister hemant soren campaign in and around jamshedpur, the high-octane day promising to be an acid test for the entire administrative machinery.
;;-0.8074;;pti file photoprime minister narendramodi on sunday the inability to bring kartarpur sabib under india during the partition was a mistake made during the partition and the new corridor will atone for the damage done.
;;0.5994;;thanks to prime minister narendramodi appointing assam bjp president and lakhimpur mp sarbananda sonowal as the union sports minister, the ministry has volunteered to fulfil gogois dream, even without being approached.
;;-0.4215;;the sources said togadias bitter ties with gujarat chief minister narendramodi were factored in when bhagwat decided to sidestep his claims.
;;0.0;;senior leaders said it couldn't be business as usual unless prime minister narendramodi offered a credible response.
;;0.0;;it was followed by uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and prime minister narendramodi , choudhary said.
;;0.3612;;alappuzha (kerala), may 12: on a day when malayalis were venting ire on social media over prime minister narendramodi likening kerala to somalia, another facebook community brought a smile to a family of four in a hamlet here.
;;0.0;;the committee today urged prime minister narendramodi to take immediate steps to implement the proposed chandranathpur-lanka broad-gauge project to connect silchar with lumding.
;;-0.2263;;earlier in the day, the congress demanded answers from prime minister narendramodi on the purported claim and asked if this was the reason why a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) probe was not being ordered.
;;0.1779;;our special correspondentnew delhi: parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar on wednesday defended bjp members who had tried to shout down congress leader veerappa moily, saying it was an expression of  aakrosh (outrage) over the opposition's protest when prime minister narendramodi spoke earlier in the day.
;;-0.5719;;5: rahul gandhi and akhilesh yadav today redefined scam, the acronym coined by narendramodi yesterday and pinned on his rivals.
;;0.0;;hardik said that chouhan, in a bid to limit his influence over patel voters in madhya pradesh, had recently inducted a minister from the patel community, while prime minister narendramodi had appointed anandiben patel, a former gujarat chief minister, governor of madhya pradesh.
;;0.0;;the neighbours had scheduled foreign secretary talks in islamabad on august 25, three months after pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif travelled here to attend prime minister narendramodi modis swearing-in ceremony.
;;-0.5719;;tejashwi also slammed prime minister narendramodi over the pnb scam.
;;0.2732;;this has prompted bjp chief amit shah to ask state and central leaders to campaign intensively in karnataka, where elections are due in may, and increased the likelihood of a gujarat-like all-out canvassing by prime minister narendramodi in the southern state, the bjp sources said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah during the bjp central election committee meeting, at the bjp headquarters in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.5106;;there is still time left and we are hopeful that once our star campaigner, prime minister narendramodi , launches a full-fledged campaign in the state he will sway the electorate and the bjp will be able to get a majority on its own, the leader said.
;;0.5574;;source: @bjp4indiaunion home minister rajnath singh on saturday asked if former prime minister indira gandhi can be credited for dividing pakistan, why shouldn't prime minister narendramodi get the credit for the balakot air strike.
;;0.802;;das, who took his inspiration from prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah, played the national security card.
;;0.8074;;praising the achievements done in the last five years under prime minister narendramodi , das said, while strengthening countrys economy, our prime minister has always worked with commitment for the poor, the farmers, women and youth and this can be seen with villages having electricity, toilets, lpg gas connections and people with increased pension sums.
;;-0.3612;;the congress on tuesday told the supreme court the election commission had not acted on seven out of 12 complaints it has filed against prime minister narendramodi since march 20 for alleged violations of the model code of conduct for polls.
;;0.0;;mayawati and others for statements which were similar in tone, tenor, meaning, purport and intention to narendramodi and shri amit shahs statements mentioned herein.
;;0.0;;the prime minister-shri narendramodi modis act is unbecoming of the high office he holds, the affidavit said, slamming the unprecedented obscene/derogatory remarks about congress chief rahul gandhis late father and former prime minster.
;;0.5106;;after taking over, rao put out a message on the ichr website where he conveyed deep gratitude to prime minister narendramodi and human resource development minister smriti irani for choosing him for the position.
;;0.6369;;picture by prem singhassam chief minister sarbananda sonowal and finance minister himanta biswa sarma have hit back at rahul gandhi after the congress president tweeted that his party had managed to wake up the assam and gujarat chief ministers to grant farm loan waivers and will rouse a sleeping prime minister narendramodi too.
;;0.4939;;a kerala congress leader once described as a political wonder kid has heaped praise on prime minister narendramodi for imbibing gandhian values in carrying out development work for the poor.
;;-0.4019;;these facts have to be remembered while criticising narendramodi , abdullakutty added.
;;0.0;;earlier this year prime minister narendramodi had been criticised for describing savarkar as a true patriot in a tweet.
;;0.6486;;although mamata is opposed to the idea of sharing the teesta water, prime minister narendramodi has assured hasina that the deal will be signed during his and her tenures.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had then referred to media reports about a meeting at aiyar's house, saying pakistan's high commissioner, a former foreign minister and india's former prime minister manmohan singh and former vice-president hamid ansari were among those present.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had in november last year inaugurated indias first multi-modal terminal on the ganga in his parliamentary constituency varanasi and received the countrys first container cargo transported on inland waterways from calcutta.
;;-0.5591;;however that won't stop me from saying what i want to, he wrote, alluding to how bjp leaders targeted him for questioning prime minister narendramodi and his silence on the killing of gauri lankesh and atrocities on dalits and muslims in the name of beef.
;;0.0;;shah, the partys star campaigner second only to prime minister narendramodi , addressed two rallies in chhattisgarh and undertook one road-show in state capital raipur.
;;0.0;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi with mukesh ambani in gandhinagar on wednesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi last week had underlined the need for a consolidated approach and adherence to strict timelines with regard to infrastructure projects.
;;-0.7906;;the rajya sabha mps sent a letter to prime minister narendramodi , describing the raids as a show of intimidation and abuse of power.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has done vishwasghat (betrayal).
;;0.0;;the mou and the standard operating procedures on passenger cruise services on the coastal and protocol routes between the governments of the two countries were exchanged on sunday in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina in new delhi.
;;0.1531;;new delhi, nov 5: prime minister narendramodi has reconstituted his climate council, retaining much of the earlier structure of the advisory panel that guides indias response to global warming.
;;0.0;;talking to the telegraph, sanyal saidthe people of dhubri lok sabha constituency should choose a bjp candidate for this seat to form the nda government led by narendramodi for all-round development of this area.
;;0.0;;bjp leader narendramodi interacts with tea seller gopal prasad yadav over videoconferencing at naya tola in patna.
;;0.0;;12: gopal prasad yadav fumbled a bit when he raised the microphone to speak to bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi at 7 pm today.
;;-0.6486;;the project had been given up for dead until prime minister narendramodi asked bengal to do a rethink.
;;-0.807;;prime minister narendramodi had on may 9 told an election rally in the state that on the question of child death ratio among the scheduled tribes, the situation in kerala is more dangerous than somalia.
;;0.6369;;14: a haryana minister today claimed prime minister narendramodi was a better brand name than mahatma gandhi and also held the father of the nation responsible for the devaluation of the rupee before retracting his comments hours later.
;;-0.1027;;he said he was confident prime minister narendramodi would initiate steps to bring back kulbhushan jadhav who has been handed out a death sentence by islamabad for alleged spying.
;;0.7506;;prime minister narendramodi modis victory message on twitter four years ago, when his party won indias national elections, remains one of the most retweeted tweets from india.
;;0.7845;;prime minister narendramodi and chief minister naveen patnaik on tuesday greeed those celebrating the festival.
;;0.4767;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , has given its approval to ovl to acquire an 11 per cent stake in jsc vankorneft from rosneft oil company, an official statement said here.
;;0.7351;;the former all-rounder, who was part of the 1983 cricket world cup winning team, pointed that the present government at the centre came to power by championing linguistic diversity, which could be seen in the electoral speeches of prime minister narendramodi as he began his addresses in local languages.
;;0.0;;the monk turned politicians references to the muslim league are in line with similar polarising comments by prime minister narendramodi ahead of the 2017 assembly polls that catapulted adityanath to power.
;;0.0;;things speeded up further after prime minister narendramodi took up the issue with the japanese government during his recent visit there, sunil singh said.
;;0.6249;;the letter bears a picture of prime minister narendramodi and mentions the benefits of the health scheme, besides other programmes like pradhan mantri awaas yojana, souvagya yojana and ujjwala yojana.
;;-0.0516;;ptimelinda and bill gatesnew delhi: the rss-affiliated swadeshi jagran manch has written to prime minister narendramodi demanding the removal of nachiket mor from the reserve bank board on the ground of conflict of interest.
;;-0.7717;;sandeep bhaskarraghuvansh prasad singhbettiah: senior rjd leader raghuvansh prasad singh on tuesday said there was a deep-rooted conspiracy behind the cash crunch in atms and demanded that prime minister narendramodi be placed under arrest.
;;0.6705;;banks are marred by huge mismanagement and i understand prime minister narendramodi would escape with all the money like marcos (read philippines leader ferdinand marcos).
;;0.4419;;7: prime minister narendramodi is slated to commission the indian navys most powerful destroyer, the ins kolkata, in mumbai on august 16 in a photo-op that gels with his powerful image.
;;0.0;;after all, chief minister raghubar das had camped in the constituency for around a week during campaigning and prime minister narendramodi addressed rallies in neighbouring sahebganj district wooing paharia tribals with job letters and self-help group women with smartphones.
;;-0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi bribed voters and created confusion in their minds.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressing an election rally during the lok sabha elections.
;;-0.5423;;(reuters)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi tried to plug his new india into chinese president xi jinping's talk of a new era at wuhan on friday as they attempted to reset bilateral ties after a bad year.
;;0.5267;;13: they call themselves yuva modi and take inspiration from prime minister narendramodi to do something to change things in the country.
;;0.5423;;irrespective of who wins these contests that closed on may 12  all of these are gridlock battles, mind you, meshed in complex caste-creed loyalties  the spectre looming over the field is narendramodi modis.
;;0.4019;;five cities and towns of assam  guwahati, goalpara, udalguri, tangla and tinsukia  find a place in prime minister narendramodi modis list of 100 proposed smart cities for the year 2014-15.
;;0.4019;;new delhi, may 17: fridays petulant duo, l.k. advani and sushma swaraj, arrived on time this afternoon to receive narendramodi on his first visit to the party headquarters as prime minister-designate.
;;-0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi on friday pointed fingers at congress veteran ahmed patel and the gandhi family in connection with the augustawestland vvip helicopter payoffs scam while finance minister arun jaitley sought to directly corner rahul gandhi in the case.
;;0.8126;;he thanked the people of the state for reposing faith in his leadership and that of prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah.
;;0.0;;he said he would request prime minister narendramodi not to club assam with other developed states of the country as far as economic policies were concerned.
;;0.5719;;on tuesday night, a known troll who heaps vitriol on critics of prime minister narendramodi had tweeted: indian army should be freed for 1 day to take care of these pro-pak presstitutes.
;;0.0;;his insistent drawing of the lakshman rekha (boundary line) on gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis role in bihar is proof of that.
;;0.6249;;it is clear that should the bjp come under the dominant influence of leaders like narendramodi at the national-level, nitish will look for a way out of the alliance irrespective of whether it is about bihar or new delhi, the sources said.
;;0.0;;parrikar said he would implement prime minister narendramodi modis make in india drive with gusto.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has kept 2022 as the year to double the income of indian farmers, he pointed out.
;;0.4404;;smriti, who has courted a fair share of controversies as a member of the narendramodi government, made the comment in her zeal to reinterpret parts of the mahabharat and explain the moral dilemmas confronting the epics protagonists.
;;0.8591;;rahul consciously built his critique of prime minister narendramodi modis politics, without naming him, by showering praise on the humility of the uaes rulers and pointing to 2019 being celebrated as a year of tolerance there.
;;0.0;;but chief minister narendramodi , apparently, had some reservations as he felt that mehta was an activist judge.
;;-0.4588;;rajak jab patna: food and consumer protection minister shyam rajak on wednesday attacked bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi over the condition of dalits in gujarat.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi had taken a tough stand against illegal influx from bangladesh during his election campaign.
;;0.0;;phukan said after coming to power, the narendramodi government had released rs 140 crore to update the national register of citizens (nrc) and directed the state government to complete the process in a time-bound manner.
;;0.5859;;prasad, who had served as bokaro ig, said he joined the bjp because he had faith in prime minister narendramodi modis abilities.
;;0.4767;;very shortly it will be sent for the cabinets and prime minister narendramodi modis approval.
;;-0.4767;;the court reserved its verdict on the review petitions, as well as on bjp lawmaker meenakshi lekhis contempt plea against congress president rahul gandhi for allegedly claiming the top court had held prime minister narendramodi guilty in the rafale deal.
;;0.1779;;cm praise ranchi: chief minister raghubar das on thursday congratulated the indian army and prime minister narendramodi for launching surgical attacks across the line of control.
;;-0.7579;;28: prime minister narendramodi today pledged deeper ties with vietnam but quietly pulled india back from a brewing diplomatic confrontation with china on a dispute between hanoi and beijing over a patch of sea both claim.
;;-0.4215;;mamata criticised governor keshari nath tripathi, who visited new delhi on monday to apprise prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah of the situation in bengal since the election results.
;;-0.9001;;13: delhi's ministers today targeted prime minister narendramodi and lieutenant governor najeeb jung over the death of at least three persons from chikungunya, the verbal and twitter attack accusing the media too of spreading panic.
;;0.7579;;file picturenew delhi: transparency activists have questioned the commitment of the narendramodi government to creating an effective anti-corruption institutional framework since india does not have a lokpal four years after the enactment of a law in the twilight days of the upa government following a people's movement.
;;0.6749;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , the national campaign for people's right to information (ncpri) said: the undue delay in implementing the lokpal & lokayuktas (ll) act, 2013, in letter and spirit, has created a strong perception that your government does not wish to put in place an effective anti-corruption institutional framework.
;;0.3818;;spokesperson niraj kumar said the jdu has documents that suggest prime minister narendramodi had spoken about india's commitment to purchase pulses from mozambique for meeting its requirements.
;;0.4019;;the narendramodi government is continuously working for the cause of farmers due to which the farming community is extending its support to the centre, he said.
;;0.8074;;prime minister narendramodi has managed to woo the young with his promise of development and they still have hope in him, hasnain said.
;;0.0;;new delhi, june 14: prime minister narendramodi will visit nepal in the first week of august for wide-ranging discussions with the kathmandu leadership on upgrading ties.
;;0.3612;;during the last general election, prime minister narendramodi promised that the bridge would be constructed and the ispat general hospital would be converted into a super-specialty hospital.
;;0.4019;;dipak mishrapatna: opposition parties are gearing up to observe november 8 - which marks a year since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation - as black day.
;;0.6369;;the demonetisation had brought in the first major fissure in the grand alliance government with the congress and rjd strongly opposing the move and chief minister nitish kumar backing prime minister narendramodi and asking him to go all out against benami property.
;;0.128;;it so happens that narendramodi , under whose able leadership the bharatiya janata party government in gujarat accused the minority community of planning the event, still remains the chief minister of the state.
;;0.0;;he said the bjp, under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , understands only politics of development.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi described pran as a versatile cartoonist who brought smiles to the faces of people.
;;-0.5859;;chief minister manik sarkar has addressed a letter to prime minister narendramodi to express his resentment over reduced central sanction for implementation of the mgnrega scheme and demanded early sanction of funds allocated in the central budget.
;;-0.8658;;prime minister narendramodi had repeatedly condemned pakistan-sponsored terror in his speeches yesterday, describing the neighbouring country as the mothership of terror.
;;0.0;;sushil, in that tweet, also mentioned that all the constituents of the nda gave a corruption-free government by making narendramodi the prime minister of india in 2014.
;;-0.5346;;you (read sushil kumar modi) are absolutely right that our prime minister narendramodi tried his level best to make a corruption-free country but you should also speak something on the srijan scam, kushwaha said in this tweet on sunday morning.
;;-0.4019;;parivar aakrosh (read congress anger) was quite evident in the speeches of sonia gandhi, rahul gandhi and manmohan singh, where without any basis, they kept on criticising prime minister narendramodi and the nda government, alok said.
;;0.0;;on march 12, prime minister narendramodi had formally inaugurated the bridge from a function organised at hajipur in vaishali district.
;;0.3612;;i would also like to meet prime minister narendramodi in delhi and urge him to look into the needs of disabled people.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi will be in time that day to first attend a meeting of the national office-bearers, including the parliamentary board representatives and national and state officials, and then address a public meeting on kozhikode beach, with defence minister manohar parrikar in tow.
;;0.4939;;in an open letter to prime minister narendramodi , they demanded allocation of more funds for schemes under the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act (mgnrega) and the national food security act (nfsa) for their implementation in letter and spirit.
;;0.0;;at a time when prime minister narendramodi himself connects with india over radio now and then, the state governments effort goes to show how radio remains indispensable for the common man.
;;0.3612;;8: mahatma ayyankali today made narendramodi sound like arundhati roy  almost.
;;0.4215;;picture by amit datta calcutta may 20: prime minister narendramodi to congress chief sonia gandhi to cpm general secretary sitaram yechury - mamata banerjee is apparently planning to invite a plethora of leaders cutting across party lines to her swearing-in on red road next friday.
;;0.0;;telegraph file picturechief minister mamata banerjee on thursday wrote to prime minister narendramodi urging him to call an all-party meeting to discuss the possibility of public funding of elections and the need for electoral reforms.
;;-0.5994;;basant kumar mohantynew delhi: a complaint filed by a bjp parliamentarian against a jnu professor for criticising prime minister narendramodi on tv has worked its way through red tape and caught up with the academic.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi visited japan on october 28-29 for the india-japan annual summit.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi made an emphatic prediction of a second term for himself, pledging to inaugurate the projects for which he laid the foundation stones in jammu and kashmir on sunday.
;;0.128;;to a question about ruling party mps writing to prime minister narendramodi about the atrocities on dalits, rahul said: dalit mps are writing to pm; they tell us in parliament that modi is casteist, has no space for dalits in his heart.
;;0.0;;this year, we will give two lotus flowers to prime minister narendramodi and chief amit shahji, bhowmick said.
;;0.8779;;birla viewcalcutta, aug 14: rajashree birla, mother of noted industrialist kumar mangalam birla, today praised prime minister narendramodi and hoped the new government would boost growth in india.
;;-0.1531;;the sentencing comes at a time prime minister narendramodi is trying to slowly buffer indias sri lanka policy from the tamil nadu politics that has long dictated new delhis approach to colombo.
;;0.5541;;picture by manoj kumarpatna: prime minister narendramodi doesn't want him to get out of the house, rjd chief lalu prasad alleged on monday after the centre downgraded his security cover from z-plus to z.central reserve police force officials had come to meet him and told him that only four security men will remain for the house, the rjd chief said.
;;-0.0572;;i can only come to a conclusion that prime minister narendramodi does not want me to move out of the house, he said.
;;0.3182;;if anything happens to me, pm narendramodi and chief minister nitish kumar will be directly responsible for it, lalu said.
;;-0.4019;;the telegraph file picturethe national commission for women on thursday issued a notice to congress president rahul gandhi for his statement that prime minister narendramodi was hiding behind a woman instead of facing tough questions on rafale.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during the sco summit in bishkek, kyrgyzstan, on june 13, 2019.
;;0.743;;the rural electrification drive in nalanda district has won the south bihar power distribution company limited, which looks after power distribution in 17 districts including patna, an award that prime minister narendramodi will confer on april 21.
;;0.2732;;in this regard, the government of narendramodi appears to have surpassed all previous attempts at the patronage of camp followers and loyalists.
;;0.6249;;lauding prime minister narendramodi for breaking away from the tradition of picking a tribal face for the hot post, marshal tuti, a former maoist area commander, said that they had great expectations from the new chief minister.
;;0.128;;it is a part of digital india initiative launched by prime minister narendramodi , the speaker said.
;;0.3818;;pointing out that relations between the two nations became stronger after prime minister narendramodi and abe visiting each other's countries, nitish said: we are working to connect patna to gaya, bodhgaya, rajgir and nalanda with assistance from japan international cooperation agency (jica).
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi reacts during congress member mallikarjun kharge's speech in the lok sabha on thursday.
;;0.4588;;(lstv grab via pti)prime minister narendramodi treated the lok sabha to an election speech on thursday, espousing a single-party government, jeering at the oppositions grand alliance as a mahamilavat (grand adulteration) and claiming to have achieved more in 55 months than the congress had in 55 years.
;;0.0;;lalu's younger son and deputy chief minister tejashwi yadav urged prime minister narendramodi should sushil modi for trying to shield' lal babu.
;;0.5574;;19: the praise from the chief of deobands dar-ul-uloom seminary for gujarat chief minister narendramodi has riled muslim leaders and opinion-makers.
;;0.3818;;i appeal to prime minister narendramodi and the chief minister to not stand on ego and to accept their just demands, rahul tweeted.
;;-0.5267;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , he urged the government to have a relook at its agrarian programmes in order to mitigate the distress of farmers.
;;0.0;;reddy is scheduled to meet prime minister narendramodi in the national capital on sunday.
;;-0.5267;;guwahati, june 30: assam chief minister tarun gogoi today requested prime minister narendramodi to ensure payment of royalty on crude oil to assam at the prevailing market prices as the state has incurred a loss of nearly rs 10,000 crore since 2008.
;;0.743;;dilip meets modibhubaneswar: bjps rourkela legislator dilip ray on thursday met prime minister narendramodi in delhi to remind him of his earlier assurance of upgrading the ispat general hospital into a super specialty one.
;;-0.6124;;the advisory came even as the opposition kept up its attack on prime minister narendramodi for his delayed intervention on cow vigilantism.
;;-0.6249;;the media had reported at that time that prime minister narendramodi had forced rawat to remove her father from the post immediately and warned all mps against appointing relatives in their offices.
;;0.0;;we have urged prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh to entrust fencing to the army.
;;-0.34;;responding to the opposition allegation that prime minister narendramodi was silent on the border firing, singh said modi was monitoring the situation and did not need to make a statement on a day-to-day basis.
;;-0.8402;;prime minister narendramodi repeatedly refers to upadhyaya's stress on lifting the poor out of poverty and swears by his political philosophy.
;;0.3612;;both prime minister narendramodi and assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal had assured us that work in the mill would resume.
;;0.0;;the decision is seen as a follow-up to the emphasis on the use of the mps funds by prime minister narendramodi in his august 15 speech.
;;0.8176;;however, the jdu general secretary was quick to add that if narendramodi could become a prime ministerial candidate because of good governance in gujarat, nitish too fits the bill as he has a clean image with a long track record of good governance.
;;-0.8958;;the recent re-election of narendramodi and his party to the state legislature in gujarat for the third time, preceded by the horrific gang-rape and near-murder of a young girl and her male companion in a delhi bus, are both developments that ought to be read as alarms going off to indicate the high, almost catastrophic, degree to which the indian polity is in a state of crisis.
;;0.5267;;22 (pti): shatrughan sinha, the outspoken bharatiya janata party lawmaker, on wednesday questioned prime minister narendramodi and information and broadcasting minister smriti irani as well as high profile bollywood stars on their silence over the padmavati controversy.
;;0.0;;the cbi has said it is not aware of the whereabouts of modi, who left the country in january and was last seen in public a month ago at davos with prime minister narendramodi and other industrialists.
;;0.7096;;28: bjp parliamentarian shatrughan sinha today taunted prime minister narendramodi over india still ranking a poor 130 in the world in ease of doing business and hoped the dashing dynamic pm would find a solution.
;;-0.5574;;1: prime minister narendramodi seems to have fallen victim to online forgery with appeals being issued in his name and on his official letterhead, complete with signature.
;;0.6597;;he slammed the bjp's leadership of prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah saying earlier there was lokshahi (democracy) and now there is tanashahi (dictatorship) in the party.
;;0.3182;;neiphiu rio kohima, june 2: the naga peoples front (npf) is optimistic that prime minister narendramodi will induct lok sabha mp from nagaland and former chief minister neiphiu rio in his ministry, despite opposition from the northeast unit of the bjp.
;;0.0;;a hoarding featuring prime minister narendramodi near the bjp's state headquarters ahead of the party's national executive bhubaneswar, april 13: the housing and urban development department has decided to put various projects under the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut) on fast track.
;;0.0;;before the celebrations, prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to review the status report of the all the amrut projects on april 19.
;;0.0;;18: dhubri mp badruddin ajmal will select three villages under mancachar constituency to develop them as model villages, under prime minister narendramodi modis saansad adarsh gram yojana.
;;0.4404;;the questions will surely arise even after tailoring the procurement to prime minister narendramodi modis make in india campaign.
;;-0.8176;;the gdp data could help prime minister narendramodi , who faces criticism over mounting bad loans at state banks and a rs 11,500 crore fraud at state lender punjab national bank, the biggest in the country's banking history.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is slated to hold a rally in siliguri next week.
;;0.0;;the bjp delegation's meeting with the home minister comes ahead of a meeting of an all-party political delegation from manipur, led by chief minister okram ibobi singh, on the bills issue with prime minister narendramodi and the home minister.
;;0.0516;;(pti picture)a complaint that the crpf is procuring substandard helmets and patkas for its troops in maoist and militant zones has surfaced at a time prime minister narendramodi has been seeking votes in the name of national security and the pulwama martyrs.
;;-0.7096;;13: israels bombing of the gaza strip has combined with a technical failure by indias defence research outfit to delay a missile that was to be installed on the ins kolkata, a warship scheduled to be commissioned by prime minister narendramodi on saturday.
;;0.1027;;telegraph file pictureas the sky cleared after cyclone fani, politics returned to the centre stage in bengal with the trinamul congress and the bjp whipping up a storm over prime minister narendramodi allegedly omitting mamata banerjee from the list of government functionaries he spoke to on the calamity.
;;-0.1027;;2: after prime minister narendramodi and egypt president abdel fattah al sisi shook hands to end their bilateral talks at the hyderabad house here just after noon, one of them rushed for an afternoon departure from delhi airport.
;;-0.6486;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi slammed the plan document and said that he was pained at the unmistakable sense of pessimism in the 12th plan document.
;;0.8402;;whoever is committed to the leadership of pm narendramodi and party chief amit shah are welcome to join us.
;;0.2498;;but you must not forget that it was narendramodi who felicitated pravas rout while he was the chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.34;;(pti)london: a domestic element was at play when prime minister narendramodi began the uk leg of his foreign tour.
;;0.5267;;the chief minister lauded the initiative of prime minister narendramodi on putting a comprehensive disaster rescue and relief operation mechanism in place to reach out to people at the time of exigency.
;;0.0772;;kejriwal had called prime minister narendramodi a shameless dictator, after the income tax department sought derecognition of his aam aadmi party for allegedly filing false and fabricated audit reports on donations.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the november 3-5 meet that will be held in collaboration with the united nations office for disaster risk reduction.
;;0.8687;;new delhi, july 14: bureaucratic myopia has stalled indias most popular initiative targeting its diaspora, leaving nearly 50,000 members of this increasingly influential community waiting indefinitely for promised benefits and undermining prime minister narendramodi modis call to deepen new delhis engagement with them.
;;0.3182;;the demonetisation announced by prime minister narendramodi on november 8 has led to a huge surge in deposits with scrapped notes of rs 500 and 1,000 being parked with banks.
;;0.0;;from monday morning, trinamul workers hit the streets in hooghly, howrah, bankura, burdwan east, purulia, birbhum and north 24-parganas districts, burning effigies of prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, officials said.
;;-0.5106;;mayawati said prime minister narendramodi and his  chela (acolyte), adityanath, would be spending sleepless nights realising they had failed to distance the bsp from the samajwadis.
;;0.4767;;smiling mischievously when the mike developed a snag at the news conference, the dalit leader said prime minister narendramodi must be somewhere near, trying to prevent her from speaking.
;;0.0;;file photo of former prime minister manmohan singh with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on sep 30, 2017.
;;-0.4019;;delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal retweeted a video criticising prime minister narendramodi recently.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has termed bamboo as 'green gold' and has provisioned rs 1,290 crore for the entire country for financial years 2018-19 and 2019-20 under national bamboo mission.
;;-0.8807;;ptiprime minister narendramodi on friday said that countries sponsoring, aiding and funding terrorism must be held accountable as he called for a global conference to combat the menace.
;;0.25;;10: apex business association ficci will hold its executive committee meeting in gandhinagar, with bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi slated to address it and outline his vision for the economy.
;;0.0;;the chief minister had, however, met prime minister narendramodi in delhi this week.
;;-0.1027;;7: sikkim chief minister pawan chamling today said there was no significant change in the centre's attitude towards his state even under the narendramodi government.
;;0.7184;;interacting with journalists here a day after receiving the sustainable development leadership award, 2016, from president pranab mukherjee, chamling said the state had taken the lead on several fronts, including some of the pet projects of prime minister narendramodi like the cleanliness drive and yet, development projects were slow to come sikkim's way.
;;0.6705;;acknowledging that the state government had fulfilled some of the demands of local people, the minister said he would personally take up the matter with prime minister narendramodi to ensure that kotia's development went on unhindered.
;;-0.0572;;asked about prime minister narendramodi modis move to address students on a scale that is being described as a first for india, congress spokesperson salman khurshid said: i dont want to focus on the prime minister any more.
;;0.1027;;(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday that youths wanted to be entrepreneurs and not job-seekers, attempting to defend his government over opposition criticism for lack of employment and seeking to woo the middle class by claiming to have ushered in ease of living.
;;0.296;;the unified protests came a day after several opposition parties, including trinamul, backed the governments bill to legitimise the appointment of former trai chief nripendra mishra as principal secretary to prime minister narendramodi , the split in the ranks leaving the congress virtually isolated.
;;-0.2732;;cut to the present and sonal was nominated by prime minister narendramodi as navaratna for her work on swachh bharat.
;;-0.1779;;the congress leader addressed half-a-dozen street corner meetings during his road show and said prime minister narendramodi had been ignoring the interests of the people of the country.
;;0.4404;;apart from benefits for the masses he is making an effort to acquire a status to challenge prime minister narendramodi in the 2019 elections, jha said.
;;0.0;;calcutta, april 15: chief minister mamata banerjee is likely to visit bhubaneswar on tuesday, two days after the bjp's national executive meeting led by prime minister narendramodi ends there, trinamul congress sources said today.
;;0.0;; mukul said even the railway project in the northeast inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi is the result of the initiatives of the previous congress-led government at the centre.
;;-0.8074;;led by prime minister narendramodi , bjp leaders have been harping on how the states coalition government has betrayed farmers and how kumaraswamy is being insulted by the congress.
;;0.1779;;sources in nabanna said the aggressive way in which prime minister narendramodi had tried to fan the discontent among the state government employees may have made a difference.
;;0.0;;amit bhelaripatna: work on the projects prime minister narendramodi had announced for bihar before the assembly polls has picked up pace under the new government, road construction minister nand kishore yadav said on thursday.
;;0.5859;;both shah and prime minister narendramodi greeted uddhav warmly.
;;-0.6249;;pitroda was telling an interviewer that prime minister narendramodi should focus on his performance instead of digging into the past when he responded to a query about the 1984 violence with hua toh hua.
;;-0.2732;;patna, april 24: before indian police service (ips) officer sanjiv rajendra bhatt levelled charges of inciting communal flare-up on gujarat chief minister narendramodi , bihar cadre ips officer amitabh kumar das had raised the flag against modi when he went to the state on poll duty during the 2007 assembly elections.
;;0.0;;new delhi: pakistan and north korea have not been invited to a global conference on consumer protection to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi here next week.
;;-0.7906;;the death of a bjp leader in a militant attack on saturday night has pushed the jammu and kashmir administration led by governor satya pal malik on the back foot and raised more questions about prime minister narendramodi modis new hardline stand on the valley.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , in his address to the nation on independence day in 2015, had said the centre has decided to electrify 18,452 un-electrified villages within 1,000 days, that is, by may 1, 2018.
;;0.4019;;the welfare of people is possible only through this (bjp) party under the leadership of narendramodi and shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.4767;;according to an official communiqu, the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , gave the approval for the development of 403km of national highways in meghalaya and mizoram.
;;0.3612;;nitish asserted that the state government was ready to purchase land from the local farmers for the proposed central university in the name of vikramshila buddha mahavihara, which was announced by prime minister narendramodi in 2015.
;;0.0;;officers said this was the biggest haul of scrapped notes in the calcutta police area since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of the two categories of notes on november 8.
;;-0.5574;;the bjp sources indicated that prime minister narendramodi had warned a bihar mp against stressing on fielding his son.
;;-0.296;;no less than prime minister narendramodi was present at the opening.
;;0.5574;;ssp anish gupta on sunday conducted a security drill at the capitals prabhat tara ground, the venue for the international yoga day event where around 40,000 people are expected to join prime minister narendramodi in performing asanas on june 21.
;;0.3182;;workers apply a fresh coat of paint on the dividers on the road ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit in guwahati on friday.
;;0.0;;21: nagaland and assam are gearing up for prime minister narendramodi modis visit on november 30 and december 1.
;;0.3818;;madhavs statement  coupled with prime minister narendramodi modis claim that the samajwadi party and the congress were in cahoots to weaken the bsp and the trs chiefs overtures, specifically to parties which have some kind of electoral understanding with the congress  are being read together.
;;0.6486;;my son joined the bjp with a view to promote communal harmony in both communities under leadership of bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi and the party's banner.
;;0.743;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah during the party's central election committee meeting for the forthcoming assembly polls at the bjp headquarters in new delhi on november 11 pti photo/kamal kishorewhile campaigning in the poll-bound state of madhya pradesh, the president of the bharatiya janata party, amit shah, was all praise for the chief minister of the state, shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.4019;;along with this, the pm, narendramodi , will be addressing about 11 public meetings to muster up support for shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.4019;;bjp spokesperson sanjay singh tiger claimed the centre had already sanctioned funds as part of the special package prime minister narendramodi announced in ara in 2015.
;;0.1779;;bjp parliamentarian subramanian swamy said on thursday night it was shocking that cbi director alok verma was sacked without being heard by the three-member selection committee of prime minister narendramodi , congress leader mallikarjun kharge and justice a.k. sikri.
;;0.4019;;senior bjp sources confirmed that prime minister narendramodi would expand his cabinet on november 9 and entrust the defence ministry to parrikar.
;;0.2732;;31: prime minister narendramodi has overridden foreign minister sushma swaraj's outreach programme of sending senior ministers to countries yet to be visited by anyone from the current government.
;;0.4019;;this diwali, prime minister narendramodi has been asking everyone to use indigenous items as a part of the centres make in india campaign to boost home-grown industries.
;;0.5994;;this is in adherence to the vision of prime minister narendramodi , who desires to use the social media platforms extensively for transparency and better governance, the letter states.
;;0.5719;;j.p. yadavtime for hug: prime minister narendramodi greets the king of jordan abdullah ii bin al-hussein at amman on friday.
;;0.3612;;(pti) 1new delhi: before leaving for a three-nation tour on friday, narendramodi hauled bjp mps into election mode, asking them to hold tiffin parties and mock parliaments at polling booths to popularise the welfare schemes announced by the government in the budget.
;;-0.7845;;(pti photo)upa chairperson sonia gandhi on tuesday accused prime minister narendramodi of playing the victim card as she said people of the country were the victims of his wrong policies.
;;0.4588;;the senior congress leader in her address lashed out at the narendramodi government for 'politicising' issues related to national interest, sources said.
;;-0.0772;;pointed out that awareness vehicles, flagged off by the bjp to tour far-flung areas, lay abandoned in different places, particularly in santhal pargana, apparently because of internal strife within local party units, munda said things would change once prime minister narendramodi started his full-fledged campaign in the state.
;;0.0;;(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday checked many of the boxes that are among the current pet subjects of us president donald trump.
;;0.1531;;our special correspondentsharad pawarnew delhi: the bjp was livid on monday over ncp leader sharad pawar mocking a purported letter plotting the assassination of prime minister narendramodi and accusing the party of trying to gain sympathy, saying it didn't befit a senior leader to play politics over a serious issue.
;;0.4767;;even after relations between india and israel improved over the past two decades - receiving a fillip in the first term of the narendramodi government, given the prime ministers personal rapport with his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu and the bjps political moorings - new delhi has desisted from voting with jerusalem at the un.
;;0.0;;nitish raised the issue of non-cooperation by uttar pradesh and other bordering states at the inter council meeting of chief ministers with prime minister narendramodi at new delhi on july 16.
;;0.5994;;15: punjab congress chief amarinder singh will join party workers in burning the  chitta ravan in ludhiana on tuesday when prime minister narendramodi is in town to launch an sc/st hub.
;;0.0;;an india today tv investigation claimed that the photoshopped image had been traced back to two people, one of whom is followed by prime minister narendramodi and the other by the head of the bjp's infotech cell.
;;0.4939;;the actor said he was inspired by the ideology of bjp's prime ministerial candidate narendramodi and would work for the development of the people in the state.
;;0.0772;;friend or foe political circles are abuzz with speculations about the alleged chemistry between prime minister narendramodi and chief minister nitish kumar in delhi during the inter-state council on july 16.
;;0.765;;the decision comes in the backdrop of a letter that chief justice of india ranjan gogoi had written to prime minister narendramodi on june 22 for increasing the strength of judges in the court.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during an election rally at jagdalpur in bastar district on november 9.
;;0.0;;the party's star campaigner, prime minister narendramodi , started the polarisation in uttar pradesh.
;;-0.6652;;but narendramodi , who can organize surgical strikes against pakistan, has failed to get banerjee to agree to the teesta water-sharing treaty.
;;0.8625;;tripura chief minister biplab kumar deb said it was a historic victory for the party and attributed it to peoples love for prime minister narendramodi , party president amit shahs strategy and the bjp governments report card in the last five years.
;;-0.4939;;picture by prem singhnew delhi, may 19 (pti): congress chief rahul gandhi launched a strong attack on prime minister narendramodi on saturday after the collapse of the three-day-old bjp government in karnataka, accusing him of authorising buying off lawmakers and disrespecting institutions.
;;0.0;;he recollected his last meeting of at least 40 minutes with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi, wherein, he said, digitalisation of governance was a major component of discussion.
;;-0.3612;;(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday tried to reach out to dalits, assuring no impact on the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, and launched a vitriolic attack on the congress to paint the party anti-ambedkar and anti-dalit.
;;0.6513;;if we don't get justice from the supreme court, the narendramodi government will bring an ordinance to restore the act in its original form, sushil modi said.
;;0.5574;;cook, who visited india last year and met prime minister narendramodi , said the iphone maker is putting in a lot of energy in india, just like apple has in other geographies that eventually wound up producing more.
;;0.4019;;besides the border dispute, the two senior officials at the picturesque dujiangyan city, will also review the progress made in bilateral ties since the wuhan summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping in april, officials said.
;;-0.296;;21: rahul sharma, one of the few police officers who enforced peace during the 2002 gujarat riots and whose efforts led to the arrest of a former minister close to narendramodi , has applied for early retirement.
;;0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi can motivate you to keep your area clean.
;;-0.2263;;amid the intensifying protests over the citizenship bill, the centre indicated that prime minister narendramodi would visit the northeast on february 8.
;;-0.8225;;the commission is also facing litigation over the question of issuing summons to chief minister narendramodi for cross-examination as demanded by civil rights group jan sangharsh manch, which is representing the riot victims.
;;0.0;;i have also drawn the attention of prime minister narendramodi through a letter sent to his office.
;;0.4215;;a communiqu issued by the press information bureau (pib) said the cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi had approved the extension of the commissions term for six months till may 31, 2019.
;;0.1695;;first, on the economic front -and despite the apprehensions of some overzealous backers of prime minister narendramodi - the government appears to have moved quite decisively.
;;0.0;;it's been more than a week that bachchan began following tejashwi, who has a long list of followers from all sections of society, be it prime minister narendramodi or congress president rahul gandhi.
;;-0.296;;prime minister narendramodi and shah have also been accused of making communal speeches while referring to rahul gandhis candidature in keralas wayanad.
;;0.0;;she ripped into prime minister narendramodi , saying his mention of babasaheb ambedkar in his mann ki baat radio broadcast on sunday was mere hypocrisy and drama.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi has been heaping praises on pradhan for his achievement in distributing lpg connections.
;;-0.34;;congress spokesperson r.p.n. singh said it was known that prime minister narendramodi was pressuring the agencies to name a person in the case.
;;-0.5994;;9: prime minister narendramodi today accused the developed nations of a disinformation campaign to isolate india for refusing to toe their line at the world trade organisation, painting his government before a domestic political audience as a champion of the poor.
;;-0.4767;;on the evening of november 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi scrapped rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes to crack down on black money and fake currency.
;;-0.2263;;new delhi, april 27: cbi director anil sinha today briefed prime minister narendramodi on the progress the agency has made in probing the kickback scam that had led to the rs 3,600-crore vvip helicopter deal being scrapped.
;;0.7783;;a bjp leader in delhi said deb made the comments on diana immediately after prime minister narendramodi clearly told party leaders to refrain from giving 'masala' to the media.
;;0.4404;;chief minister nitish kumar, while delivering a speech in bhagalpur, was questioning the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis claim that he would provide a strong leadership to the country.
;;-0.0258;;he criticised rival parties for dubbing narendramodi a dictator.
;;0.4939;;recently, a petition begun by bring our kids home, or bokh --- a coalition of such parents in the us --- requested prime minister narendramodi and president barack obama to sign a bilateral agreement on the subject.
;;0.0;;rahuls intervention and unequivocal message displayed a leadership quality so far not shown by prime minister narendramodi and marked an uncommon moment in an election season fraught with rancour and vituperative language.
;;0.0;;some bjp leaders would sail across the ganga to hear the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi  the star speaker of the rally.
;;-0.6369;;(pti photo)lambasting the congress over sam pitroda's hua to hua comment, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday charged that the remark was a reflection of the party's arrogance with which it has been shrugging off its misdeeds while it was in power.
;;0.5106;;he cautioned prime minister narendramodi against backing any trade agreement involving generic drugs with the barack obama administration.
;;-0.7906;;our bureaunaidunew delhi: rajya sabha chairman m. venkaiah naidu on wednesday rejected the congress's demand for an apology from prime minister narendramodi over his insinuation of conspiracy against his predecessor manmohan singh.
;;0.0;;the appointments committee of the union cabinet, headed by prime minister narendramodi , will take a final decision on this issue.
;;-0.7096;;shah, prime minister narendramodi modis closest aide, condemned the murder while speaking at a party event.
;;0.875;;kcr is probably the only leader of a major political party who has won praise from both prime minister narendramodi and owaisi.
;;-0.2584;;sushil modi went on to add that more than nitish kumar, the bjp central leadership had decided not to engage narendramodi in bihar.
;;0.128;;sushil modi: no your state party chief, c.p. thakur, has announced to the media about narendramodi modis presence at the rally.
;;0.3919;;but nitishs anathema to narendramodi is well known.
;;-0.2584;;he (nitish) has time and again barred narendramodi from campaigning in the polls in the state besides making it obvious that the bjp should declare a secular face as prime minister ahead of elections more than nitish, it is the bjp central leadership that decided at the very outset not to engage him (narendra modi) in bihar.
;;0.0;;you are ruling out narendramodi from the prime ministerial race?
;;-0.34;;animal and fish resources minister giriraj singh invariably bats for narendramodi and even utters words that create bad blood in the alliance.
;;0.1779;;later, a memorandum with the sig-nat-ures will be submitted to pr-ime minister narendramodi and chief minister sarbananda sonowal demanding an act to ensure constitutional rights of indigenous people, he said.
;;-0.296;;the employees, under joint forum of odisha electricity employees and engineers, walked from railway station square to lower pmg square and submitted a 16-point charter of demands addressed to chief minister naveen patnaik with the chief minister's office and to prime minister narendramodi through governor s.c. jamir.
;;0.7184;;asked whether china would be re-looking at the issue in view of the positive momentum in bilateral relations generated by last year's wuhan summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping, geng reiterated that: jem as an organisation has been included in the sanctions list of the security council.
;;0.0;;july 11 (agencies): prime minister narendramodi could name arvind panagariya, the vice-chairman of niti aayog, as the next governor of the reserve bank of india (rbi), two television channels reported today, citing unnamed government sources.
;;0.4019;;the party distributed copies of the chhattisgarh police circular, holding it up as proof that the bjp was not opposed to dilution of the sc/st act and alleging prime minister narendramodi had backstabbed the nation.
;;0.8316;;prime minister narendramodi hailed munde as a true mass leader and said in a tweet: hailing from backward section of society, he rose to great heights and tirelessly served people.
;;0.0;;the then us ambassador to india had met then gujarat chief minister narendramodi before her calcutta visit.
;;0.3818;;(pictures by prashant mitra and manob chowdhary)sanjeev kumar verma of the telegraph speaks to patna-based yoga expert dharm vijay, who spent over a dozen years at the bihar school of yoga, about the benefits of some of the asanas prime minister narendramodi did on friday at the international yoga day event at the prabhat tara ground in the capital.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi performs the uttana padasana, which helps in relieving abdominal pain, indigestion, and depression, along with other yoga day participants at prabhat tara ground in ranchi on friday.
;;0.0;;picture by prem singh new delhi, june 18: the all assam minorities students union (aamsu) today sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention to dissolve the bodoland territorial council (btc) administration and review the bodo accord.
;;-0.5574;;devangere, may 29 (pti): prime minister narendramodi today vowed to pursue development without treading the path of sin even if it meant some tasks remained undone.
;;-0.3182;;ap photothe congress has stepped forward to defend indias pm after us president donald trump mocked prime minister narendramodi for not doing enough in afghanistan and the external affairs ministry opted for diplomatic silence.
;;0.0;;trump took the swipe at narendramodi at a white house news conference after his first cabinet meeting of the year where he urged india, pakistan, russia and others in the region to do more following his decision to halve the us troops presence in afghanistan.
;;0.0;;the sources said once prime minister narendramodi finalises the name of the centres point man, it would send the message that negotiations were about to resume.
;;0.8957;;although the protocol to the agreement was signed by the upa government, prime minister narendramodi is keen to ratify the agreement that could improve india-bangladesh relations.
;;0.0;;but narendramodi is getting nightmares.
;;-0.8126;;18: prime minister narendramodi and his lieutenants today deployed aggressive rhetoric to assuage cadre sentiments after terrorists killed 17 soldiers in uri, but party pragmatists nervously calculated the probable electoral cost of any failure to match action to word.
;;0.1531;;narendra modi new delhi, may 6: nepal president bidya devi bhandari and prime minister narendramodi are likely to skip planned visits to each other's countries later this month for a dash of religious diplomacy, as fresh political convulsions in kathmandu threaten an uneasy bilateral peace with new delhi.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi had exhorted all bjp mps to take out tiranga yatras on bikes in their respective constituencies to create awareness about patriotism among the common masses between august 15 and 23.
;;-0.34;;ridiculing the claim of narendramodi at his muzaffarpur rally that he would ensure the development of bihar, nitish said: no alien force can prosper bihar.
;;0.5984;;washington, march 3: the wharton india economic forums decision to cancel a speech by narendramodi to the conference by video link in three weeks i s reminiscent of one of the most popular items of graffiti that used to be on the berlin wall, once a powerful symbol of the divisions between the east and the west.
;;0.5106;;17: cisco chairman john chambers today said he was quite bullish on india and expressed confidence that prime minister narendramodi would drive reforms and deliver.
;;-0.2023;;16: four days of assam-nagaland border skirmish, which has left 11 dead and 10,000 displaced in golaghat district of assam, has prompted both assam chief minister tarun gogoi and his nagaland counterpart t.r. zeliang to move prime minister narendramodi , seeking restoration of peace in the area.
;;-0.128;;telegraph file picturecongress leader mani shankar aiyar was back in the news on tuesday with an article justifying his neech jibe against prime minister narendramodi two years ago, prompting the bjp to call him abuser-in-chief and his party arrogant.
;;0.2263;;the samajwadi party on monday nominated former bsf constable tej bahadur yadav, who was dismissed after complaining about the quality of food, as its candidate against prime minister narendramodi from varanasi.
;;0.5574;;j.p. yadavnew delhi: a delegation of dalit mps of the ruling nda led by minister ram vilas paswan met prime minister narendramodi on wednesday to urge the government to file a review petition in the supreme court against its order diluting the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
;;-0.1779;;our special correspondentnew delhi: the indian science congress, the country's largest annual scientific congregation scheduled to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi at osmania university, hyderabad, on january 3, has been indefinitely postponed after concerns about disturbance on the campus, the organisers said.
;;-0.4019;;the meeting, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , allowed the transfer of cases initiated under the old arbitration act to the new and expeditious dispute resolution law.
;;0.0;;the two tweets from prime minister narendramodi were crisp and short, their content unremarkable.
;;0.34;;the shopkeeper and helper donned masks of prime minister narendramodi and union food minister ram vilas paswan.
;;0.0;;three years ago, prime minister narendramodi had linked ganesha's elephant head to plastic surgery in ancient india.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi raked up the issue during election rallies in the state.
;;0.7096;;gogoi, while congratulating narendramodi and the bjp for having won a decisive verdict to run the country for the next five years, hoped the seven newly elected bjp mps from the state would raise the states burning issues in parliament such as flood, erosion, unemployment and price rise.
;;0.4404;;if the bjp has launched its sampark for samarthan campaign aimed at meeting personalities across india to highlight the work of prime minister narendramodi , so has the rjd.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to address 20,000 swachhagrahis (ambassadors of the cleanliness movement) on april 10 as part of the concluding ceremony of champaran satyagraha centenary celebrations launched by the bihar government in april 2017.
;;-0.7269;;(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday alleged that the congress harboured  dwesh (malice) towards gujarat and gujaratis as he launched an all-out attack on the rival, betraying signs that rahul gandhi's recent visit to the poll-bound state had rattled the bjp leadership.
;;0.891;;the deputy director of the directorate of film festivals, new delhi, indrani bose, said the campaign was launched by prime minister narendramodi in the first week of august to acquaint people, especially the younger generation, with the supreme sacrifices made by our freedom fighters.
;;0.0;;k.m. rakeshsiddaramaiahbangalore: karnataka chief minister p.c. siddaramaiah of the congress has not been invited to central government programmes to be attended by prime minister narendramodi in mysore on monday.
;;-0.25;;sanjay k. jhaahmedabad: the pictures showing prime minister narendramodi aboard a seaplane on the sabarmati are wonderful, but they are a distraction from the real questions, rahul gandhi said on tuesday.
;;0.5423;;rahul gandhi on tuesday shrugged off the possibility of prime minister narendramodi hijacking the electoral discourse by leveraging hyper-nationalism, asserting that the narrative had already been set around the congresss promised minimum income guarantee scheme nyay.
;;0.128;;it is about nyay  if narendramodi can give money to the rich, the congress can give money to the poor.
;;-0.34;;27: president pranab mukherjee will fly to bhutan on a days trip next week, barely four months after prime minister narendramodi visited the nation, underlining concerns in new delhi over the recent talks between thimphu and beijing on disputed territory that also borders india.
;;0.4404;;during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to washington in september, india and the us had decided to set up a panel of experts  called a contact group  that would meet to try and resolve differences that have held up the implementation of their landmark 2008 nuclear deal.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi takes a tour of the 11th century lingaraj temple along with the servitors in bhubaneswar on sunday.
;;0.4019;;(pti) bhubaneswar, april 16: prime minister narendramodi visited the 11th century lingaraj temple here today to offer prayers and before leaving the shrine had a word of advice for the servitors - keep the premises clean.
;;0.3182;;servitors greet prime minister narendramodi at the lingaraj temple in bhubaneswar on sunday.
;;0.0772;;no doubt mamata banerjee is anxious to ensure the defeat of prime minister narendramodi , win all 42 seats in the state, and ensure that the enforced political dominance she managed in last years controversial panchayat election becomes institutionalized.
;;-0.0951;;new delhi, march 15: when french president francois hollande dialled prime minister narendramodi today, he didn't dwell on the implementation of the multi-billion dollar deal for india's purchase of rafale jets.
;;0.0;;bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;that is what women from the northeast living in delhi thought of bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis chai pe charcha broadcast from the bjp headquarters here to 500 locations across the country.
;;-0.7003;;if the vice-chancellor fails to respond to these issues raised, nehuta president xavier mao threatened to visit delhi to meet president pranab mukherjee, who is also the visitor to the university, prime minister narendramodi , and union hrd minister smriti irani.
;;-0.2263;;they will send a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi , governor syed ahmed and chief minister hemant soren, demanding their intervention.
;;0.0;;but tasgaon stood by patil despite prime minister narendramodi addressing a massive rally for ghorpade.
;;0.0;;new delhi, march 3: narendramodi modis stated credo is: minimum government, maximum governance.
;;-0.5187;;unsparing, a dam appears to have burst on a mother who has supported narendramodi but was forced to clarify on mothers day that her son is not a pakistani.
;;0.0;;veteran journalist tavleen singh on sunday tweeted that her son aatish taseer is not a pakistani, a day after the bjp described him as a pakistani citizen to discredit the cover story he had written for time magazine on prime minister narendramodi , titled indias divider in chief.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is flying to astana, kazakhstan, tomorrow morning for an sco summit where the grouping will formally induct india into the bloc, marking the culmination of a journey new delhi informally began soon after obtaining observer status.
;;0.1027;;rudrappa lamani, state minister for temple affairs, said hegde must be admitted to a mental asylum and urged prime minister narendramodi to sack him immediately.
;;0.7096;;our special correspondentnitish kumarpatna: chief minister nitish kumar on monday called prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah to congratulate them on the victory in gujarat and himachal pradesh.
;;-0.1779;;12: the district administration today scotched the wish of lalu prasad to hold a parallel rally in muzaffarpur on march 3 to counter the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis meeting amid bandh threat from the rjd.
;;0.765;;keen to project the party that can take on narendramodi , the rjd leaders could plan intense agitation to woo muslim voters.
;;-0.7003;;eight jawans were injured in the 8am attack that unfolded as prime minister narendramodi delivered his independence day speech in the national capital.
;;0.0516;;the supreme court has sought details of the clean chits the election commission had given to prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah on complaints of violations of the model poll code and directed the records to be placed before it.
;;0.0;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi had mentioned the restive pakistani province in his independence day speech this year.
;;0.5423;;ouat vice-chancellor manoranjan kar received the award from prime minister narendramodi on july 29.
;;-0.2263;;the protesters carried placards while slogans condemning the bill, the nda government and prime minister narendramodi reverberated on the campus.
;;0.4939;;none other than prime minister narendramodi praised your idea during his recent visit to the state.
;;0.6597;;our special correspondentrahul gandhinew delhi: the congress has asked prime minister narendramodi to come clean on allegations of kickbacks in the purchase of spare parts for an-32 military transport aircraft that the supplier country ukraine is investigating.
;;0.296;;on a day prime minister narendramodi assured the indian diaspora in indonesia that fighting corruption was his government's top priority, his own defence ministry officials have come under the scanner for allegedly receiving bribes for the purchase of spares for military aircraft, it said.
;;0.4404;;the disclosure almost coincided with prime minister narendramodi announcing before bjp mps in delhi that december 25 would be observed as the national good governance day.
;;0.5719;;roy, who hoisted the national flag and took the guard of honour at the programme, also said that under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , the country was emerging as a global power.
;;-0.128;;it was shweta, of course, a political greenhorn of immense importance to the congress as she stares at a likely defeat against narendramodi on his turf maninagar.
;;0.8779;;anita joshuanarendra modinew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday appeared to claim personal credit for a recent relief granted to women haj pilgrims, which sources explained was actually the result of a relaxation of rules by saudi arabia.
;;-0.7184;;30: the shahi imam of jama masjid today said mamata banerjee had agreed to attend his successors post-coronation dinner but controversially left prime minister narendramodi out of his guest list, citing the 2002 riots.
;;0.0;;the swachh bharat abhiyan is a pet project of prime minister narendramodi , who recently urged students to participate in the cleanliness mission.
;;-0.6124;;senior agp leader prafulla kumar mahanta and leader of the opposition debabrata saikia today formally moved prime minister narendramodi on the issue, a day after five leading organisations suspended their fast at raha for eight days, demanding setting up of the institute there only after the state government revealed that it had written to the centre to reconsider its site-selection decision.
;;0.7003;;a huge turnout at the rally of prime minister narendramodi here on saturday amid protests against the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2019, has provided a boost to the ruling party.
;;-0.4404;;congress president rahul gandhi on monday dared prime minister narendramodi to a direct debate on the rafale deal, claiming he was too scared to come to parliament and face questions.
;;-0.6597;;doval, who called prachanda on behalf of prime minister narendramodi , said indian authorities have started a probe into the killing of govinda gautam.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi had handed over the award to banka district magistrate (dm) kundan kumar during the civil service day event in delhi on april 21.
;;-0.5423;;nitish, on the other end, coined jahar raj (spell of spreading poison in society) to counter prime minister narendramodi and sushil modis agenda in bihar.
;;0.2023;;the nda is intact under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , ansari said.
;;0.7783;;putin praise a trump foreign policy adviser had praised russian president vladimir putin during a meeting prime minister narendramodi had with us experts in washington in june, according to the washington post.
;;-0.3818;;bjp sources said prime minister narendramodi was upset with the idea of advani without a room and insisted that his earlier chamber should be returned to him, complete with an ante-chamber for secretary deepak chopra, a visitors corner and secretarial staff.
;;0.4215;;the united nations general assembly had proclaimed june 21 as international yoga day in december 2014 following a nudge from prime minister narendramodi in september that year.
;;-0.6808;;ill hold a discussion with the bjp president and if things dont materialise, ill meet prime minister narendramodi to discuss the same, he said before leaving patna.
;;-0.1779;;ptithe congress has alleged that the 59-minute loan scheme launched by prime minister narendramodi with fanfare a few days ago was an ingenious ploy to enrich crony capitalists at the expense of public institutions and asked the government to immediately stop the loot.
;;0.2263;;sources said chief minister narendramodi , whose writ runs on central appointments concerning his state, was okay with the choice.
;;0.0;;narendra modi at the international yoga day celebration at rajpath in 2015 lucknow, may 14: prime minister narendramodi will attend an international yoga day programme in lucknow on june 21 along with 55,000 participants, but the million dollar question for the bjp is whether yogi adityanath will relinquish his saffron kurta and lungi for the occasion and don a t-shirt.
;;0.5574;;chief minister raghu-bar das, mps and ministers in the state government, in addition to 85 office-bearers of the bjp, are scheduled to attend prime minister narendramodi modis swearing-in ceremony in new delhi on thursday,this morning, i got a call from the bjps central headquarters and i was told that modi solicits my gracious presence during oath taking ceremony.
;;0.0;;in 2014, i had watched the oath-taking ceremony of narendramodi on television.
;;0.0;;the uk-india year of culture was announced during the visit of prime minister narendramodi to london in november last year.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi has ruled out an ordinance to pave the way for construction of a ram temple at ayodhya, stressing that the government would consider other options only after the judicial process gets over in the supreme court, and slammed the congress for delaying the legal proceedings.
;;0.5267;;it continued: even in the 2014 election manifesto prepared under the leadership of shri narendramodi , the bjp promised to explore all possibilities within the framework of the constitution to facilitate the construction of the ram temple in ayodhya.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, during the bjp parliamentary party meeting at parliament house on thursday.
;;-0.7003;;ptitwo labourers and a printer have been arrested in connection with banners that came up in lucknow on wednesday criticising prime minister narendramodi and lauding chief minister yogi adityanath as the brand of hindutva.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at the sheikh zayed exhibition, in dubai.
;;0.4585;;picture: ptidubai: prime minister narendramodi on sunday cautioned the world against misuse of cyberspace for radicalisation, asserting that technology should be harnessed as a tool for development, not destruction.
;;-0.7579;;shillong, july 7: south block in new delhi, which houses prime minister narendramodi , appears to be the most sought-after address in meghalaya following the april 17 ban on rat-hole coal mining by the national green tribunal.
;;0.0;;sandeep bhaskarmotihari: prime minister narendramodi prefaced his speech in bhojpuri, a dialect largely spoken in bihar and parts of uttar pradesh, at the east champaran district headquarters, around 153km north of patna, on tuesday.
;;0.7269;;picture by prashant mitrareal-life chowkidars are at risk in bjp-ruled jharkhand at a time when the bjps chowkidar campaign has gained wide currency with prime minister narendramodi directing party leaders and supporters to project themselves as the sentinels of the country.
;;0.34;;the bjp strategy was in play when prime minister narendramodi addressed two public meetings in uttar pradesh today.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina will launch the train through videoconference, a railway official said.
;;-0.7003;;shakuntala devi accused prime minister narendramodi of cheating the people by claiming that he is a son of the ganga.
;;0.7096;;minister goyal while highlighting the achievements of the four years of the narendramodi government said that in four year bihar has received special priority in strengthening railway infrastructure, as the process of tender allotment for doubling of track on rajendra setu has started.
;;0.0;;in march 2016, prime minister narendramodi , while attending a function at hajipur, laid the foundation of an additional bridge at mokama over the ganga along with dedicating a rail-cum-road bridge at patna and inaugurating another rail bridge at munger.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina today flagged off a goodwill rail rake consignment, carrying high-speed diesel from nrl's siliguri marketing terminal to bpc's parbatipur storage depot in bangladesh, from new delhi by pressing a remote control button.
;;0.4019;;the rivalry between the two parties is likely to continue with the bjp national executive due to meet here in the middle of the month with prime minister narendramodi leading the deliberations.
;;0.5423;;dalei, whom chief minister naveen patnaik had earlier felicitated, will receive the national award from prime minister narendramodi on january 23, officials said on friday.
;;0.0;;27: nitish kumar kept his distance from narendramodi at the national development council meeting today, choosing to not even glance in his direction.
;;0.2023;;asked whether he was taking part in the programme being held to felicitate narendramodi in the bjp office, sushil told the telegraph: there is an important akhil bhartiya vidyarthi parishad function in patna in the evening today.
;;0.0;;the governor had already met prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah and discussed the law and order in bengal.
;;0.0;;it is a new crop insurance scheme announced by prime minister narendramodi on january 13, 2016.
;;0.0;;the report, which was released by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi recently, says each destination has an image perception which is built by what it offers.
;;0.296;;veteran congress leader and mizoram chief minister lal thanhawla has written to prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh to restore status quo after the election commission removed mizorams principal secretary (home) lalnunmawia chuaungo for obstructing displaced brus from voting.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi and his lieutenants in the bjp hyped indias response to the attack to gain electoral dividends.
;;-0.5106;;ehsaan jafri's widow zakia had filed a case against then gujarat chief minister narendramodi and others for allegedly orchestrating the riots.
;;-0.6124;;condemning the statements of lalu and his elder son tej pratap yadav who had threatened to skin prime minister narendramodi , paswan said: today tej pratap is threatening to 'skin' the prime minister for downsizing the security of his father.
;;0.6369;;the rise of narendramodi , who belongs to a backward community, suggests that the bjp today has the support of many of the socially disadvantaged groups that once formed the core constituencies of parties like mr prasads rashtriya janata dal and mr kumars janata dal (united).
;;0.0;;it is all likely that cards would also be sent to all the senior leaders of the bjp and cabinet ministers, including prime minister narendramodi , and president ram nath kovind.
;;0.891;;15 (pti): prime minister narendramodi today made a strong pitch for speeding up the creation of a brics development bank and hoped that an agreement could be reached by the year-end so that the financial institution can start functioning from 2016.
;;0.0;;brazilian president dilma rousseff, russian president vladimir putin, chinese president xi jinping and south african president jacob zuma attended the informal meeting along with prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the g20 summit here.
;;0.8402;;prime minister narendramodi and chief minister naveen patnaik also greeted those celebrating the festival.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to reach the headquarters after the trends become clear by evening.
;;-0.7845;;tejashwi had responded by posting pictures of prime minister narendramodi with rape accused asaram bapu.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is portrayed as a hermit, watching bahubali rawat from a distance.
;;0.0772;;i want to ask prime minister narendramodi that when notice was given why the attorney general or solicitor general was not present before court to present the case properly.
;;0.0;;picture by jai prakashbettiah: prime minister narendramodi and his nepal counterpart khadga prasad sharma oli on saturday inaugurated the birgunj-based integrated check post (icp) by pressing a switch in new delhi.
;;0.0;;of the rss-bjp affiliated entities, this one hogged mind space when, in june 2014, it gave away two of its core team members, ajit doval and nripendra mishra, to prime minister narendramodi modis office.
;;0.2732;;3: twenty four hours from now, after this story goes into print, prime minister narendramodi will know if his high-profile trip to the us in september will produce the desired results  or if he will have to start all over again in washington, from scratch.
;;0.0;;addressing a meeting of the paryavarn samvardhan samiti at vasai in palghar district on friday night, mevani took potshots at prime minister narendramodi over the proposed bullet train project linking mumbai with ahmedabad.
;;0.0;;the bengal government's decision is in keeping with an announcement prime minister narendramodi made in may that the retirement age for doctors would be raised to 65 across the country.
;;-0.4588;;piyush srivastavanarendra modilucknow: jolted by the karnataka setback, the bjp has found a way of getting prime minister narendramodi to campaign for the may 28 by-elections in western uttar pradesh a day before the vote, beating the model code of conduct.
;;-0.5859;;activists of the all assam students union (aasu) burn the effigy of prime minister narendramodi in guwahati on february 9 in protest against the lok sabha passing the anti-assam citizenship (amendment) bill in january picture by ub photopranjal kalita, the 22-year-old general secretary of the cotton university students union in guwahati, is indignant.
;;0.0;;telegraph file picturethere are 25 lok sabha seats in the region (including sikkim), of which 14 are in assam, making it the most crucial state in the northeast for both the main contenders, the ruling bjp and the opposition congress, with their big guns  prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and congress chief rahul gandhi  making several trips to the region.
;;-0.5574;;nitish is touring bjp-ruled states and asking prime minister narendramodi to ban liquor.
;;0.4019;;(prem singh)intensifying his main bhi chowkidar campaign, prime minister narendramodi will on sunday interact with people, who have pledged their support to the movement, from 500 places across the country, including 15 in jharkhand.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will be in china to attend the g-20 summit in hangzhou this month.
;;-0.0552;;amit bhelarilalu prasadpatna: chief minister nitish kumar attending the wedding of tej pratap yadav was not the only surprise from the rival camp for lalu prasad; prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah also conveyed their wishes to the rjd chief for his elder son's marriage.
;;-0.8271;;to make matters worse, the sets have conked out at a time when most of the mahadalits are yearning to listen to the speeches of prime minister narendramodi and especially his clear-cut stand to go on the offensive against pakistans ceasefire violation along the jammu and kashmir border.
;;0.0516;;he also appealed to sc/st union ministers to resign if prime minister narendramodi cannot bring a new ordinance to safeguard the rights of sc/st people.
;;-0.8316;;prime minister narendramodi has sought a detailed report on allegations that sinha had been secretly meeting 2g and coal block scam accused, sources said.
;;0.4767;;mehbooba mufti new delhi, march 15: prime minister narendramodi may have stamped his popularity across uttar pradesh, uttarakhand and much of india.
;;-0.4215;;air force veterans questioned the rafale deal at rahul gandhis meeting with ex-servicemen here on saturday, insisting that prime minister narendramodi modis unilateral decision to buy 36 fighter jets had violated the defence procurement procedure (dpp).
;;0.6597;;fugitive liquor baron vijay mallya claimed on sunday that prime minister narendramodi modis recent statement confirming the seizure of rs 14,000 crore worth of his assets had vindicated his claim of being a poster boy for the bjp-led government.
;;-0.128;;(pti)the bjp seems to have again chosen to rely on prime minister narendramodi modis personal charisma to try and retain power while suffusing its campaign theme with messages about the balakot air strike.
;;0.128;;choudhary adopted hahap in february 2015, under the centre's sansad adarsh gram yojana, which launched with much fanfare by prime minister narendramodi in october 2014.
;;-0.5994;;picture by ub photos guwahati, july 6: former assam chief minister tarun gogoi today accused prime minister narendramodi of ignoring assam and the other states of the northeast by not including even a single cabinet minister from the region in his ministry.
;;0.0;;subrat dasnaveen patnaikbhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik on thursday urged prime minister narendramodi to add 34.
;;0.0;;thousands of others walked in and stood patiently in the sun outside the barricaded area to hear narendramodi speak.
;;0.0;;nine members of together we can, an ngo run by young professionals in calcutta, managed to meet narendramodi after the rally and give a presentation on youth-oriented programmes focusing on education, womens empowerment, rural employment and sanitation.
;;-0.8779;;19: narendramodi has certified indian muslims patriotism saying they will live and die for india, speaking days ahead of a us trip nine years after america denied him a visa over the 2002 gujarat riots.
;;-0.4215;;beyond the abject predictability of varanasi, beyond the limits of prime minister narendramodi modis constituency, eastern up begins to resemble the bihar of 2015: a battle, a girded loin battle, between a juggernaut on the roll and newly aligned armies determined to grind it to a halt.
;;0.624;;demonetisation, doubtless one of the most significant decisions of independent india that shook the entire nation, was there merely as a passing reference although prime minister narendramodi had claimed india would emerge like gold after the ordeal of the first 50 days.
;;0.4767;;the governments decision to curb the power of the pricing authority comes days before prime minister narendramodi modis maiden visit to the united states.
;;0.0;;excerpts: q: prime minister narendramodi has suddenly raised the balochistan bogey.
;;0.0;;calcutta/new delhi: sunil gavaskar and kapil dev have been invited by prime minister narendramodi to be part of the official delegation for the australia tour in mid-november.
;;-0.7351;;earlier this week, prime minister narendramodi had said 99 per cent of goods and services will be brought in the 18-per-cent or less gst slabs and the highest slab restricted to just a few select luxury and sin goods.
;;0.0;;former navy chief admiral l. ramdas on thursday contradicted prime minister narendramodi modis claim that late prime minister rajiv gandhi had used the aircraft carrier ins viraat as a family taxi with his in-laws during a vacation on the lakshadweep islands.
;;-0.5267;;since then, prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah have spoken of revenge.
;;0.6326;;if the audience reaction at today's annual general meeting of industry chamber ficci reflected anything more than mere enjoyment of a joke, prime minister narendramodi should be pricking up his ears.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , along with bjp president amit shah, offers prayers at the kashi vishwanath temple in varanasi (pti)great respectthe recently-concluded lok sabha polls were widely seen as a lamp-post election to give another term to the prime minister, narendramodi modi.
;;0.6908;;pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar, april 9: the state bjp is gearing up to give a rousing welcome to prime minister narendramodi when he arrives in the state to attend the two-day national executive meeting of the party here on april 15 and april 16.
;;0.3818;;tejaswi stressed that during the 2014 lok sabha elections, prime minister narendramodi had got massive support from the youth and so the rjd must also focus on the youth to expand the organisation in other states with an eye on the next lok sabha elections.
;;0.1935;;young people played a pivotal role in the making of narendramodi , so we must highlight to them how the nda government has failed.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi would give away the smartphones worth rs 3,000 each during his sahebganj visit on april 6.
;;0.0;;during the run-up to the election, prime minister narendramodi emphasised constantly that he needed a 10-year time frame to produce results.
;;0.4767;;reutersnew delhi: more than 25 million people, a number greater than australia's population, have applied for about 90,000 positions on indian railways, underlining the challenge prime minister narendramodi faces in providing millions of jobs ahead of the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;ptiprime minister narendramodi has conveyed to the opposition that his government will present an interim budget on friday, senior congress leader ghulam nabi azad said on thursday.
;;0.2732;;east singhbhum district education officer (deo) mukesh kumar sinha, who on friday saw the telecast of prime minister narendramodi modis address to schoolchildren followed by an interactive q&a, at jamshedpur high school, dhatkidih, may be patting himself on the back for a job well done.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday accused the opposition of insulting defence minister sitharaman and all the women in india in the context of the rafale debate in parliament but did not cite specifics.
;;0.0;;17: priyanka gandhi today took a swipe at prime minister narendramodi , saying uttar pradesh didn't need an outsider because rahul gandhi and chief minister akhilesh yadav had the state in their heart.
;;0.0;;i heard prime minister narendramodi say on television that the people of varanasi had adopted him and he was a son of uttar pradesh.
;;-0.6249;;the bjp was the first off the mark, with prime minister narendramodi announcing on friday at his partys foundation day that bjp members of parliament would fast on april 12 to protest the washout of the sessions second half, which he blamed on the congress and the opposition.
;;-0.6369;;the congress chief also accused prime minister narendramodi of running away from the debate and said finance minister arun jaitley should answer questions raised by the congress instead of abusing him.
;;-0.2732;;actor prakash raj, an outspoken critic of hindutva politics and prime minister narendramodi , has finally decided to take the plunge into politics.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi was the first to walk up to nirmala to congratulate her after the speech.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi had held a rally in the area in february, weeks before binapani devis death and the announcement of the polls.
;;0.0;;its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi is coming to the state on march 14 for a second political meeting.
;;0.34;;shullai, who is an mla of south shillong constituency, claimed only the bjp, under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , can secure our nation from such unholy alliance.
;;0.0;;10: facebook co-founder mark zuckerberg today called on prime minister narendramodi to discuss digital expansion in the country.
;;-0.0742;;yashwant, who has become a sharp critic of the bjp-led national democratic alliance government of prime minister narendramodi , said he would not join any other political party.
;;0.25;;gangwar, hailing prime minister narendramodi modis vision, said agriculture would undergo a sea change under his government.
;;-0.4939;;rahul said prime minister narendramodi had stolen from the people of the state and given the money to industrialist anil ambani.
;;0.4215;;the adhyapak sabha, the varsity teachers body, has also written to prime minister narendramodi , who is also the chancellor of visva-bharati by virtue of his post.
;;-0.8316;;prime minister narendramodi on monday accused the congress of committing a bahut bada paap (grievous sin) by linking hindus with terrorism and mocked rahul gandhi for taking shelter in a constituency where the majority (hindu community) is in the minority.
;;0.5267;;i will work with with prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah to make sure that we have a corruption-free government in karnataka as well, the news agency quoted chandresekhar as saying.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi wishes birthday greetings to even his bitterest political foes without indulging in politics over it.
;;0.0;;his father on friday had alleged that narendramodi sold charas instead of tea from a train platform.
;;0.0;;he was replying to agp legislator phani bhusan choudhury's request that dass lead an all-party delegation to delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi on the issue.
;;-0.4215;;although kishor's firm i-pac worked for the congress in punjab too, the party's devastation in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand has spoiled his track record of victories - he had been with narendramodi in the 2014 general election and with nitish kumar in the 2014 bihar assembly polls.
;;0.2023;;top bjp leaders too did not come though invitations had been sent to prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi discusses the progress of the bhubaneswar smart city project with naveen patnaik through videoconference on saturday.
;;0.8225;;telegraph picture bhubaneswar, june 25: chief minister naveen patnaik today briefed prime minister narendramodi on the progress of the smart city mission on its first anniversary and urged modi to include cuttack, berhampur and sambalpur in the ambitious scheme.
;;0.0765;;urging people to take advantage of the new facilities, sonowal quoted prime minister narendramodi to drive home the message, if health is not good, you can dream but cannot realise it.
;;-0.2023;;many in the bjp privately accuse vala, who had vacated his assembly seat for narendramodi when the latter was gujarat chief minister, of costing them power in karnataka.
;;-0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi has left the nation in no doubt about his proficiency in sanskrit.
;;-0.0757;;on tuesday narendramodi pleaded unsuccessfully over the telephone with australia's prime minister, malcolm turnbull, not to starve indians of work by abolishing or drastically overhauling what they call the 475 visa.
;;0.3089;;new delhi's decision was primarily guided by prime minister narendramodi , who told the us congress in june that his administration would not be burdened by the weight of the past.
;;0.0;;former anvc chairman dilash m. marak and his personal adviser saileng r. marak, who led a delegation to new delhi, submitted a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi through officials of the ministry of home affairs.
;;-0.2023;;lucknow, june 29: bihar chief minister nitish kumar today suggested that his uttar pradesh counterpart akhilesh yadav should ban liquor in up, and dared prime minister narendramodi to prove that he is a true follower of mahatma gandhi by taking a step towards total prohibition in the country.
;;0.0;;picture by manob chowdharyranchi: prime minister narendramodi is likely to lay the foundation stones of mega industrial projects with investments pegged at over rs 50,000 crore in jharkhand around may-end, industries secretary sunil barnwal told the media on wednesday.
;;-0.0258;;new delhi, july 15: prime minister narendramodi today indicated to chinese president xi jinping that he intends to focus on resolving the border dispute as a key component of ties between the neighbours, signalling a subtle shift from the approach his predecessors have followed for over two decades.
;;0.0;;bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi at a rally in purnea on monday.
;;0.4215;;picture by amit kumar purnea, march 10: narendramodi today questioned nitish kumars secularism and contribution to the muslim community while charging him with breaking the 17-year friendship with the bjp to satisfy his greed to become prime minister.
;;-0.6908;;new delhi, march 29: sarod maestro ustad amjad ali khan today wondered why have we become so intolerant, a day after historian ramachandra guha tweeted that he was being threatened for criticising prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah in his articles.
;;-0.6486;;our special correspondentnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday accused a purported congress politician of questioning his parentage, playing a new victim card days after milking former union minister mani shankar aiyar's vile man barb at him.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi presents an urdu translation of a book written by prince ghazi bin muhammad bin talal, 'a thinking person's guide to islam' to jordanian king abdullah ii bin al-hussein at a conference on 'islamic heritage: promoting understanding and moderation in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.5574;;1 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the fight against terrorism and radicalisation was not against any religion, but against a mindset that misguides the young.
;;0.0;;the unc also sent a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi , seeking the centres intervention into the ukhrul situation.
;;0.4215;;mayor chandrashekhar agarwal, who was present at the launch, said that prime minister narendramodi would be informed about the progress of the cleanliness drive on august 6 through video conferencing.
;;0.5209;;yet another said: most indians hold a favorable opinion of prime minister narendramodi , and many are content with the state of the economy and the countrys direction.
;;0.0;;picture by naeem ansari gorakhpur, july 22: prime minister narendramodi today described how he ran even while climbing stairs, using it as a metaphor for his speedy delivery of development, and sought votes for the bjp in next year's assembly polls as he addressed a rally in gorakhpur.
;;0.8658;;given the similarity in the politics of trump and the right-wing ecosystem in india, there was not much of a backlash from expected quarters which was anyway also pleased by the praise the president heaped on prime minister narendramodi , calling him my friend.
;;0.8658;;given the similarity in the politics of trump and the right-wing ecosystem in india, there was not much of a backlash from expected quarters which was anyway also pleased by the praise the president heaped on prime minister narendramodi , calling him my friend.
;;-0.0772;;21: the rss harbours serious reservations about the national ambitions of narendramodi , whom a section of the bjp fancies as the flavour of the season.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone to upgrade it to a university was laid online by prime minister narendramodi on february 2.
;;-0.5574;;all of them are reeling under prime minister narendramodi modis punishing regimen and his expectation that every minister  including the junior ministers  would keep pace with him.
;;0.714;;prime minister narendramodi has said talks would continue to resolve all outstanding issues but sources said naga outfits were quite apprehensive as past agreements were not totally implemented by the centre.
;;0.0;;some bjp leaders, he added, were now calling prime minister narendramodi an incarnation of lord vishnu.
;;0.296;;it goes without saying that jokowi, the new president, has a tough time ahead, especially since, unlike narendramodi in india, his party or coalition does not have a majority in the parliament that was formed in april.
;;-0.8176;;7 (pti): the wife of mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam has written an open letter to prime minister narendramodi seeking safety for her family, which has been facing threats and troll attacks after her husband termed the army's surgical strikes fake.
;;0.2023;;while there are question marks over sinha's motive - he has been going hammer and tongs at the bjp leadership over many issues for a while now, and the buzz is that the bjp might deny him a ticket - even prime minister narendramodi , when he had come to bihar on march 12, 2016 to attend an event in raghopur, the assembly constituency in vaishali that tejashwi represents, had praised the young leader.
;;-0.4588;;the congress leader alleged that prime minister narendramodi had recast the rafale fighter aircraft deal to help one businessman, hours after posting a series of telltale tweets in spite of a threat of legal action.
;;0.2732;;the congress has been alleging that the centre agreed to buy rafale aircraft at inflated prices after prime minister narendramodi visited france.
;;0.4939;;the agreement was signed at the hyderabad house here in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and his vietnamese counterpart nguyen tan dung.
;;-0.2846;;telegraph file pictureprime minister narendramodi might have wiped out the nightmarish demonetisation fiasco from his playbook but the congress has decided to remind him and the nation of the tughlaqi firman by observing its second anniversary on friday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , along with bjp president amit shah, offers prayers at the kashi vishwanath temple in varanasi on monday.
;;0.6369;;(pti)prime minister-elect narendramodi on monday signalled that rather than savouring his general election victory he would be in perpetual campaign mode as long as rival parties remained in power in states like bengal or kerala.
;;-0.0258;;deepika kumari at an earlier practice session at jrd tata sports complex in jamshedpurif all goes well, the indian archery contingent's visit to rio de janeiro for next month's olympic games will be preceded by a meeting with prime minister narendramodi , no less.
;;0.0;;a man makes a kite with a sticker of narendramodi on it in patna city on friday.
;;0.4019;;picture by sachin if kite flying offers a preview to the 2014 lok sabha elections then narendramodi is definitely soaring high.
;;0.4767;;kite makers are cashing in on the popularity of bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and youth icon rahul gandhi this makar sankranti.
;;0.3612;;ravi shukla (32) who bought a narendramodi kite from ranjans shop said: i like modi.
;;0.0;;this afternoon, we submitted a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi (through east singhbhum deputy commissioner amitabh kaushal), seeking government regulations on e-tailers, said scci president suresh sonthalia.
;;0.0;;the responses to bhardwaj and johri were similar to those that transparency activists had received last august when they sought details of a claim prime minister narendramodi had made in parliament on february 7, 2017.
;;0.0;;new delhi, april 23: prime minister narendramodi at a niti aayog meeting today called upon states to work with the centre to meet the july deadline for gst and take the initiative for a january-december financial year.
;;0.1531;;gogois demand assumes significance because prime minister narendramodi had laid the foundation stone of the hydel project during his first visit abroad on june 16.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi on monday claimed that 40 trinamul congress mlas were in touch with him and insinuated they were looking to switch to the bjp after it wins the election, prompting opposition accusations of horse-trading.
;;0.5859;;us president donald trump on monday called prime minister narendramodi and congratulated him on his partys election win, the white house said.
;;0.3182;;the una dalit atyachar ladat samiti will launch the campaign from kalol near ahmedabad on tuesday, when thousands of postcards will be mailed to bachchan's residence in mumbai and prime minister narendramodi , inviting them to the state.
;;0.6597;;amitabh bachchan came to gujarat upon invitation from then chief minister narendramodi and talked only about gujarat having good things like greenery, scent, progressive culture, he said.
;;0.0;;nepal pipelineindia and nepal are likely to sign a deal next month to lay a petroleum product pipeline to the himalayan nation before the visit of prime minister narendramodi to nepal.
;;-0.8316;;deepender hooda, deputy chief whip in the lok sabha who too was present at the media conference, said: narendramodi was destroying democracy with his three b - bypass, bulldoze and betray - model of governance.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was to lay the foundation stone of a new campus during his visit to motihari last week but the district administration is yet to acquire land for it.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis claim in mizoram on friday that the northeast has moved on from guns, bandhs and blockades, reflects how the centre is removed from the ground reality, the all assam students union alleged on saturday.
;;-0.4215;;4: rahul gandhi today asked prime minister narendramodi to stop lying and implement one rank, one pension for veterans in the true sense of the term.
;;0.0;;they said they would soon submit petitions to prime minister narendramodi and hrd minister prakash javadekar on its present state of affairs.
;;0.0;;while reshuffling portfolios last month, prime minister narendramodi had brought the ministry for development of north eastern region (doner) under his supervision by handing over the portfolio to jitendra singh, who is the minister of state for the prime minister's office.
;;0.4019;;he said a party delegation, including ajmal, had left for new delhi today to meet president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and rajnath singh to request an inquiry into the authenticity of the news.
;;0.5574;;new delhi, april 29: a cola ad that a kargil hero had immortalised in a different context has landed narendramodi and the bjp in a controversy.
;;0.2732;;in a tweet, prime minister narendramodi greeted the people of tripura.
;;0.5994;;both the bjp and the congress ran a spirited campaign in the state with prime minister narendramodi leading the saffron charge with 21 rallies, while rahul gandhi and chief minister siddaramaiah led the congress' bid to ensure that it defies anti-incumbency to retain power.
;;-0.3612;;defence minister nirmala sitharaman, who on friday attempted a rebuttal of the congress's charges on the rafale deal against the narendramodi , said the earlier upa regime stopped the deal as it didn't get the money and ignored national security.
;;0.0;;not more than four miles from where prime minister narendramodi appeared in his maiden news conference, something unfashionable took place around the same time.
;;0.3612;;former akrsu president biswajit roy recalled how prime minister narendramodi had promised st status to these communities within six months at bongaigaon before the lok sabha polls.
;;0.0258;;each time the bharatiya janata party or the narendramodi government attacks vadra, there is confusion in the congress whether to support him or to leave him to fend for himself.
;;-0.6249;;rizvi had last week written to prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath suggesting that all madarsas be shut down as they bred terrorists.
;;0.0;;unlike rahul and kejriwal, bjp leader narendramodi will not go to jantar mantar: a delegation of students will call on the gujarat chief minister at gujarat bhavan in the capital on wednesday evening.
;;0.1779;;the party has decided to keep up the protest against the minister for the february incident in which he had allegedly incited the crowd at a public meeting in araria to hit a picture of prime minister narendramodi with shoes.
;;-0.7269;;2: prime minister narendramodi publicly ticked off junior ministers sadhvi niranjan jyoti and giriraj singh for their offending statements.
;;-0.8074;;kejriwal case new delhi (pti): a delhi court has reserved for may 31 its order on the issue of cognisance on a criminal complaint filed against chief minister arvind kejriwal for using allegedly defamatory and seditious words against prime minister narendramodi after the cbi raid at the office of his principal secretary.
;;-0.4767;;with several irritants on the trade front, besides issues over us sanctions on russia and iran, india is viewing this visit as the start of a conversation between the two principals heading foreign policy in both countries before prime minister narendramodi meets president donald trump in osaka on the sidelines of the g-20 meeting.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi performs 'ganga arti' at dashashwamedh ghat after his mega roadshow, a day before he files the nomination papers for the lok sabha seat, in varanasi, thursday, april 25, 2019.
;;0.0;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , jabbar and members of other ngos working with gas survivors have urged him to get the toxic materials removed under the swachh bharat abhiyan.
;;0.0772;;he also used the occasion to hail the leadership of narendramodi , whom he had not mentioned so far during the campaign.
;;0.0;;7 (pti): congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday said prime minister narendramodi needs to answer the country on questions posed to him on the rafale deal, farmers and jobs instead of making allegations in parliament.
;;0.128;;his party spokesperson, ashish khetan, directly linked prime minister narendramodi and punjab chief minister parkash singh badal to the censors' move.
;;0.0;;the inaugural events of prakash parv had been organised in january this year in which prime minister narendramodi had taken part.
;;0.0;;kokrajhar, july 9: the all assam bodo peoples confederation will depute a delegation to new delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh and other union ministers to apprise them of the long pending issues of the bodo people.
;;0.4019;;the new bridge is part of a special package announced by prime minster narendramodi for bihar and will be around 15km long, including the approach road.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi has virtually launched the 2019 campaign on new years day, delivering what sounded like an address to the nation through an interview that was telecast widely.
;;0.0;;today's development comes in the wake of khandu's meeting with prime minister narendramodi , bjp national president amit shah and a host of central ministers in new delhi in the first week of october.
;;0.3818;;we had tried to ensure that prime minister narendramodi would lay the foundation stone of the patratu power plant online on april 24 from jamshedpur.
;;0.5574;;(pti)the supreme court on monday sought rahul gandhis explanation about the allegation that he had deliberately misrepresented the courts recent ruling on the rafale review petition to claim it had held prime minister narendramodi a chor (thief) in the aircraft deal.
;;0.4767;;our special correspondentnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday reached out to youngsters who would soon become eligible to vote, calling them new indian voters as he addressed those born in the 21st century in his radio address on the year's last day.
;;-0.296;;under the guidance of prime minister narendramodi , we will see that no farmer sits idle.
;;0.0;;the bengal chief minister went on to ask why the niti aayog meeting - to be chaired by prime minister narendramodi - was initially scheduled on the day of id.
;;0.0;;in 2015, ahead of the state assembly elections, paswan had organised a makar sankranti feast at his new delhi residence with prime minister narendramodi , senior bjp leaders lk advani and union ministers rajnath singh, nitin gadkari and others attending the event.
;;0.4019;;if there is any secular-minded party in the nda in bihar, then this is the right time to read the people's mandate against prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, and quit the alliance.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi felicitates a descendant of madhab chandra routray, a leader of the paika revolt, at raj bhavan in bhubaneswar on sunday.
;;0.5719;;picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 16: prime minister narendramodi today felicitated members of 16 families associated with the freedom movement, especially the paika revolt of 1817, referred to in odisha as the first armed rebellion against the british colonialism.
;;-0.2732;;the couple claimed they also made a representation to prime minister narendramodi on may 15, requesting an independent investigation by the national security adviser into the alleged highhandedness by the chief minister, but no action was forthcoming.
;;-0.91;;(prem singh)new delhi: jordan's king abdullah ii said the global war on terror was now to take back the airwaves and the internet from the voices of hatred, speaking at a conference on thursday in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and several islamic scholars.
;;-0.0864;;singhvi said prime minister narendramodi should now explain the meaning and spirit of his declaration: na khaoonga, na khane dunga (will not engage in corruption, nor let anyone do so).
;;-0.6369;;the other issue prime minister narendramodi is expected to be extra cautious about was corruption and the likelihood of scams.
;;0.4404;;(pti)sriharikota, june 30: prime minister narendramodi today asked indias space agency to gift a satellite to its neighbours, amid concerns building over the past year that delhi needs a strategy to counter chinas space diplomacy pulling south asian countries into its orbit.
;;-0.872;;senior congress leader p chidambaram saturday accused the election commission (ec) of failing the people of the country, alleging that it was partisan and reluctant to take action against prime minister narendramodi for poll code violations.
;;-0.7988;;the union minister also stuck to his stand that ramchandra yadav, recently murdered in darbhanga, was attacked over naming of a square after prime minister narendramodi and not a land dispute.
;;-0.631;;but after being rescued from a brothel in pune, she learned that her stash of 500 and 1,000-rupee notes, totalling rs 10,000, were worthless because prime minister narendramodi had banned those banknotes last november to crack down on corruption.
;;0.1406;;as you know, after narendramodi became prime minister, the whole focus on the northeast has increased not only in academic but also in every sector.
;;0.7096;;the primary responsibility for peace, prosperity and security in the indian ocean rests with those who live in this region, prime minister narendramodi had said in january.
;;-0.3976;;j.p. yadavyogi adityanathnew delhi: uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath has emerged as the leader most in demand after narendramodi for the bjp's gujarat campaign, signalling the party's desperation to polarise the polls as well as the saffron-robed politician's subtle rise as a hindutva mascot.
;;0.5781;;they said prime minister narendramodi was still the tallest hindu hriday samrat in his home state but yogi had emerged as a more vibrant and aggressive hindutva face.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondentthe modi posters pasted on walls in delhinew delhi: delhi police have registered a case against unknown persons for defacing boundary walls by pasting posters of prime minister narendramodi that carry the tagline the lie lama.
;;-0.0936;;23: prime minister narendramodi today urged bjp leaders and members not to get distracted or derailed by inimical forces that were out to deflect people's attention from the development agenda pursued by the government.
;;0.2023;;hemant said initially prime minister narendramodi had said that his government would safeguard farmers' land, but later tried to bring in land acquisition bill to usurp farmland.
;;0.8316;;the trend of governance set by prime minister narendramodi encouraged me to join the bjp, pegu said soon after he was welcomed by party state unit president ranjeet dass and state cabinet minister himanta biswa sarma.
;;0.0;;bachchan follows both prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi.
;;-0.4215;;pti file photoformer karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah on monday criticised prime minister narendramodi for his purported political potshot at congress president rahul gandhi while discussing dyslexia with a student.
;;0.765;;prime minister narendramodi split his diwali between the dedicated and the divine, visiting jawans on the icy terrain near the china border and later offering a puja for the prosperity of the country at the kedarnath temple in uttarakhand.
;;-0.5499;;when narendramodi was chief minister, the gujarat government had offered land near ahmedabad but the upa government had found it inadequate.
;;0.4767;;so much for prime minister narendramodi modis make in india call that was supposed to turn india into a global manufacturing hub with a special focus on defence production.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the three-day international event in new delhi on november 3.
;;-0.34;;the aicc spokesperson advised the members of the different organisations present at the convention to put pressure on prime minister narendramodi to keep his promise made before the 2014 lok sabha elections that he would dismantle detention camps in assam if the bjp came to power.
;;0.34;;goes the popular line from the recent war movie uri: the surgical strike, which prime minister narendramodi and his cabinet colleagues like nirmala sitharaman like to quote from time to time.
;;0.3818;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi will launch the governments campaign for financial inclusion to ensure that 7.
;;0.1695;;former defence minister a.k. antony on tuesday urged prime minister narendramodi not to drag the military into politics and questioned bjp president amit shahs credentials when he spoke on operational details of the air force.
;;0.6597;;a few months back, the mp had drawn flak from the party for liking lalu's facebook post where he called prime minister narendramodi a pretender on the cow issue.
;;0.5859;;they were successful in convincing students about their agenda for academic and infrastructure development of the varsity while opposition candidates' campaign revolved around criticising prime minister narendramodi and chief minister nitish kumar.
;;0.4588;;subhashish mohantywarm welcome: bjp leaders garland prime minister narendramodi at killa maidan in cuttack on saturday.
;;-0.8126;;picture by badrika nath dascuttack: prime minister narendramodi on saturday attacked the naveen patnaik government for misleading people on the mahanadi water-sharing dispute between odisha and chhattisgarh.
;;0.0;;imphal, may 31: manipur bjp president thounaojam chaoba singh has urged prime minister narendramodi to probe the power blackout in the state during the swearing-in ceremony in delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;this is the congresss latest slogan in ads to project rahul gandhi as a liberal leader against narendramodi whose persona has been targeted in every single slogan, though without a direct reference.
;;-0.8126;;5: northeast students protesting against arunachal boy nido tanias death today called off a scheduled meeting with narendramodi , accusing the gujarat chief minister of trying to divide them.
;;-0.7264;;the congress also feels the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi would feel more disadvantaged in a lokpal-centric discourse as his record in gujarat on this issue is poor.
;;-0.8402;;mayawati accused power-hungry prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah of murdering democracy in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand and crushing the people's mandate in goa and manipur.
;;0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday asked the people of arunachal pradesh to vote for a 'chowkidaar' who would provide security to the country even as he attacked opposition parties, saying they were disheartened by india's growth and success.
;;0.4215;;in his address, khan  who likes to describe his term as the harbinger of naya pakistan, not unlike prime minister narendramodi modis new india  said: you are facing an election year.
;;-0.25;;aasu activists burn the effigies of prime minister narendramodi and assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal in tezpur on saturday to protest against the citizenship bill.
;;0.0;;it is obvious the narendramodi government has introduced the unconstitutional, anti-northeast bill mainly with the intention of wooing bengali-speaking hindu voters in bengal before the lok sabha elections.
;;0.8651;;during his recent five-nation visit, prime minister narendramodi won guarded support for india's membership from mexico, and a more open acceptance from switzerland.
;;0.4019;;21: vijay chauthaiwale helms the bjp's foreign affairs department that acquired a life of its own under prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressing the gathering at the ceremonyto dedicate dr. ambedkar international centre to the nation in newdelhi on thursday.
;;-0.8126;;7 (pti): congress leader mani shankar aiyar kicked up a row on thursday when he called prime minister narendramodi a neech or vile man, drawing a sharp reaction from modi who said it was an insult to gujarat and a reflection of mughal mentality.
;;0.0;;the issue was even a major poll plank during the election rallies of prime minister narendramodi in the state before the lok sabha polls.
;;0.7684;;but the talks could also open a fresh opportunity for the two sides to prepare the ground for a november visit by prime minister narendramodi to islamabad for the south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc) summit, officials conceded.
;;-0.8807;;sharif, the pakistan prime minister, has accused india of state terrorism in kashmir, and indian prime minister narendramodi has twice over the past week referred to human rights violations by islamabad in balochistan and pakistan-occupied kashmir.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi too has so far not acknowledged trudeau's presence in the country.
;;-0.34;;congress social media head divya spandana has tweeted a part of a video clip to suggest prime minister narendramodi gives pre-scripted interviews and that even insignificant details are meticulously planned in advance.
;;-0.5423;;sanjay k jhanew delhi: burning an effigy of prime minister narendramodi outside the election commission appears irrational but that's how the congress on monday chose to protest the delay in the announcement of the gujarat polls, the choice of venue probably ensuring that two birds were hit with one stone.
;;0.0;;the up chief minister does not need any certificate from anyone, sushil thundered before flying to lucknow to take part in the oath-taking ceremony of adityanath in which prime minister narendramodi was also present.
;;0.4019;;(pti)mamata banerjee on friday wrote to prime minister narendramodi that she would not attend the niti aayog meeting he has convened on june 15, saying participation would be fruitless since the body has neither the funds nor the power to support the states plans.
;;0.0;;towards the end of a long-drawn-out campaign for the karnataka assembly elections, the congress president, rahul gandhi, briefly displaced prime minister narendramodi on television screens.
;;0.0;;however, with prime minister narendramodi modis guidance our record has been without blemish.
;;0.6369;;the occasion was an event organised here by the ebc cell of the party to thank the narendramodi government for its step to appoint a commission for categorisation of the backward classes.
;;0.0;;on november 8 last year, prime minister narendramodi announced the decision to demonetise all 1,000- and 500 rupee notes in an effort to curb black money and corruption.
;;0.1779;;yesterday, acting chief minister hemant soren wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi , demanding his intervention to protect the tribals in assam.
;;0.4019;;picture by ub photos jorhat, march 8: on a day the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi connected with the northeast women at his chai pe charcha in new delhi, jorhat mla rana goswami had his own tea party with women at shiksha niketan here to mark international womens day.
;;0.0;;union road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari today said a memorandum of understanding would be signed between the national highways and infrastructure development corporation ltd and the nepal government tomorrow in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and his nepal counterpart pushpa kamal dahal.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi has been an advocate of open spaces and play zones for kids, poddar said.
;;0.0;;a kisan chachi, whose pickles have tickled the taste buds of prime minister narendramodi , chief minister nitish kumar, and superstar amitabh bachchan has gone online.
;;0.4019;;he said bjp leaders, starting from prime minister narendramodi to party national president amit shah and general secretary ram madhav, have all said that the bill would be brought back if the bjp returns to power.
;;0.6705;;27: the tripura government is leaving no stone unturned to make prime minister narendramodi modis visit on december 1 to inaugurate the palatana thermal plant a grand success.
;;0.6249;;in imphal, the cpi has prepared a list of memorandum to give to prime minister narendramodi during his visit to manipur for attending the sangai festival.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi with gopinath mundes daughter pankaja after paying his respects to the union minister at the bjp headquarters in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.1531;;pakistan foreign office spokesperson mohammad faisal had on tuesday said that islamabad would invite prime minister narendramodi to the summit.
;;-0.4588;;farhana kalamgaya: abandoned cows roaming on gaya's streets could see achhche din (good days, a term made famous by prime minister narendramodi before the 2014 lok sabha elections) soon, as a 140-year-old gaushala (cowshed) is to get a facelift.
;;0.0;;the petrapole checkpost in bengal on the indo-bangla border, also under phase-i, was inaugurated from calcutta through video conferencing by prime minister narendramodi and his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina in the presence of bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on july 21 this year.
;;0.0;;new delhi, july 4: prime minister narendramodi is expected to induct 19 new ministers tomorrow with an eye on upcoming elections to the uttar pradesh, uttarakhand and punjab assemblies and mumbai's civic body.
;;0.3182;;it is an endorsement of the leadership of prime minister narendramodi by the people of the northeast, he told in a press conference.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will touch down at baliapur helipad, 22km from the coal town, at 4.
;;-0.25;;jaitley said rahul's accusation that prime minister narendramodi had waived loans of rs 2.
;;-0.25;;dhubri, april 6: when gujarat chief minister narendramodi speaks to a bjp-leaning electorate in golakganj tomorrow, little would he imagine that many in the minority-dominated dhubri district are ready to sleep with the enemy.
;;0.0;;singh described prime minister narendramodi as an  avatar purush (reincarnation of a deity).
;;-0.8126;;(afp) new delhi, june 20: indian interlocutors today managed to communicate with the construction workers abducted by militants in iraqs mosul, confirming they are unharmed, on a day prime minister narendramodi took charge of what is his governments biggest foreign policy crisis yet.
;;0.0;;metro had reported on april 5 how plastic packets, styrofoam plates and cups lay scattered on the brigade parade grounds about 24 hours after prime minister narendramodi had addressed a bjp rally there.
;;-0.6249;;referring to the ongoing deadlock in rajya sabha over a controversial statement of a minister on religious conversions, he said the members demanded that prime minister narendramodi should come to the upper house, hear the opposition views and make a statement on the issue.
;;0.0;;obviously, the pmo and the nsa were doing so under direct instructions of pm narendramodi , he said.
;;0.0;;that was days after his order - calling for the disclosure of delhi university's academic records for the year in which prime minister narendramodi had graduated - had become public.
;;0.8555;;the un general assembly had in december 2014 accepted a suggestion by prime minister narendramodi made in september that year to adopt a day to celebrate yoga which modi described as an invaluable gift of our ancient tradition.
;;-0.09;;prime minister narendramodi has himself said there has been a rise in attacks by people who are not gau rakshaks (cow protectors) but goondas pretending to be cow protectors.
;;0.6808;;our special correspondenta rafale aircraftnew delhi: the congress on tuesday questioned the rafale fighter deal, alleging a huge scam is brewing and indicating the issue would be used in the gujarat election to target prime minister narendramodi who continues to highlight his government's clean record.
;;0.0;;but prime minister narendramodi visited france and unilaterally, without following procedures, announced the purchase of 36 aircraft in flyaway condition.
;;0.4019;;among those who attended the swearing-in were prime minister narendramodi , bjp national chief amit shah, party patriarch l.k. advani, several union ministers and chief ministers of a host of other bjp-ruled states.
;;0.0;;mla tweets guwahati: mla himanta biswa sarma has tweeted that prime minister narendramodi should also take up projects to modernise the textile sector in sualkuchi.
;;0.4019;;patna university patna university (pu) has invited prime minister narendramodi to a special function it is planning on october 1 - when the varsity enters its centenary year.
;;0.0;;chief minister sarbananda sonowal with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on saturday.
;;-0.34;;picture by ub photos guwahati, june 11: assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal today sought the help of prime minister narendramodi to tide over the state's financial crisis.
;;0.4767;;on february 2, prime minister narendramodi launched his campaign from thakurnagar, where he reaffirmed the bjps commitment to the citizenship bill, which seeks to facilitate citizenship for non-muslim immigrants from afghanistan, bangladesh and pakistan.
;;-0.3818;;telegraph file picturetop officials in prime minister narendramodi modis office went into a marathon emergency huddle on monday afternoon to discuss the possible ramifications of cbi officer manish kumar sinhas explosive claims about some key names in the ruling establishment.
;;-0.2023;;buddhadeb bhattacharjee calcutta, march 23: buddhadeb bhattacharjee today slammed the communal bjp and its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , focussing on an adversary mamata banerjee has been targeting in the past few days.
;;-0.5423;;under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , we have worked hard for development and for the poor people and introduced many schemes.
;;0.6785;;the lahore hug of 2015new delhi: those claiming that no one gained from the lahore hug that prime minister narendramodi is so keen to forget these days are wrong.
;;0.6486;;25: defence minister manohar parrikar has asked officials to cut pending legal cases on post-retirement benefits of veterans, in an effort to shore up the image of the establishment he heads to match prime minister narendramodi modis call to observe december 25 as good governance day.
;;-0.7845;;narendra modiahmedabad: d.g. vanzara, former ips officer and accused in the ishrat jahan fake encounter case, said on tuesday the investigating officer had secretly interrogated narendramodi when he was gujarat chief minister.
;;-0.3818;;then cm and present prime minister shri narendramodi was also called by the io and was interrogated.
;;-0.3182;;he also took a swipe at prime minister narendramodi on the delay in judges' appointments.
;;0.0;;the policy planning dialogue in patna is expected to yield the agenda for the october meet when prime minister narendramodi will host russian president vladimir putin, chinese president xi jinping, south african president jacob zuma and brazilian president michael temer.
;;0.0;;joint press conference by prime minister narendramodi and his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu in new delhi on monday.
;;-0.0258;;15 (pti): india and israel monday inked nine pacts to boost cooperation in key areas, including cyber security, after prime minister narendramodi and his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu held extensive talks to strenthen ties in defence and counter- terrorism.
;;0.0;;he had also sent a letter to prime minister narendramodi for the same.
;;0.0;;we have been urging prime minister narendramodi to set up a sports university in manipur and now it is a reality.
;;0.5859;;30: prime minister narendramodi has rushed national security adviser (nsa) ajit doval to moscow for talks with his counterpart in a bid to patch up growing differences between the traditional friends amid global uncertainty over us president donald trump's policies.
;;0.0;;hasina hinted at these concerns to prime minister narendramodi when they met in new york last month, officials said.
;;0.5023;;bjp leaders have taken this opportunity to return nitish's jabs at prime minister narendramodi for his frequent foreign trips.
;;0.6486;;12: prime minister narendramodi today directed indian railways to submit a comprehensive plan to encourage fdi.
;;-0.0772;;mumbai/new delhi, may 16 (agencies): apple inc chief executive tim cook will be in india this week and will meet prime minister narendramodi , sources said, as the company seeks to revive sluggish iphone sales.
;;0.0;;patra contrasted this with the politics of performance symbolised by prime minister narendramodi , who he said came from a backward caste family and had worked to bring dalits into the mainstream.
;;-0.0772;;21: prahalad bhai modi, younger brother of prime minister narendramodi , and vice-president of the all india fair price shop dealers' federation, wants the centre to understand the crisis affecting the common people as promised by modi himself.
;;0.2732;;lalu on sunday also declared that he will take the help of black magic to defeat prime minister narendramodi and nitish in the centre and state respectively.
;;0.0382;;29: rahul gandhi has asked prime minister narendramodi not to merely pay lip service to the cause of soldiers but take action to ameliorate their plight.
;;0.4754;;bjp president amit shah, considered the second most powerful person in the country after prime minister narendramodi , pays tribute to sardar vallabhbhai patel, before filing his nomination papers in ahmedabad on saturday.
;;0.6486;;apbjp president amit shah gathered senior party and alliance leaders around him in a show of strength before filing his nomination from gandhinagar on saturday, appearing to position himself not just as prime minister narendramodi modis second-in-command but also as his successor.
;;0.34;;only prime minister narendramodi , the bjp and the nda government can provide security to the country.
;;-0.1531;;attacking the opposition in meghalaya for supporting bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , faleiro said the people of meghalaya should discard the oppositions wish to impose the gujarat model in the state.
;;0.5574;;narendra modi new delhi, may 12: the supreme court has likened to daredevilry the circulation of a letter in the bar saying two sitting judges of gujarat high court owed their allegiance to prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah and not to the constitution.
;;0.3182;;he addressed several street meetings in bareilly and rampur, reminding people of prime minister narendramodi modis 2014 election promise of 2.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi modis call for a swachh bharat and the chhath festival have the same purpose  purity of soul.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the bridge on tuesday.
;;0.2263;;the letter from kant came after prime minister narendramodi was flooded with requests and protest from various quarters, especially from meghalaya, in relation to organising digi dhan mela tomorrow, coinciding with good friday.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi spoke to sumitra today after the party decided to nominate the 71-year-old, who is addressed by her bjp colleagues as tai (elder sister).
;;-0.25;;the congress on saturday said the election commission might have been captured by the narendramodi government and the watchdogs institutional integrity was in jeopardy, voicing its fears at a time fair and transparent counting of votes is the overriding concern among opposition leaders.
;;-0.5267;;lavasa had expressed his dissent on the clean chits given to prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah in cases that  according to opposition complaints  involved brazen violations of the model code of conduct for the elections.
;;0.4939;;while siddaramaiah has demonstrated his aggression by filing a defamation suit and challenging prime minister narendramodi and chief ministerial aspirant b.s. yeddyurappa to a public debate, the party is ensuring that sonia gandhi and manmohan singh take centre-stage in the last lap.
;;0.0;;30pm to listen to prime minister narendramodi modis address to the schoolchildren from 3pm to 4.
;;0.6486;;hindutva or hind swaraj must be read in light of the last controversy ananthamurthy engaged in while he was alive, which had to do with the emergence of narendramodi as a pan-indian leader.
;;-0.1027;;these remarks sparked outrage among narendramodi modi's numerous and vocal supporters.
;;0.0;;but he yet had reservations about what narendramodi stood for.
;;0.0;;before narendramodi became prime minister, successive congress governments (and prime ministers) had also displayed a callous disregard for environmental sustainability and for the rights of tribal communities.
;;-0.7579;;narendra modi shillong, july 7: south block in new delhi, which houses prime minister narendramodi , appears to be the most sought-after address in meghalaya following the april 17 ban on rat-hole coal mining by the national green tribunal.
;;0.34;;on march 19, mulayam and akhilesh had shared the dais with bjp leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , during adityanath's swearing-in.
;;0.4019;;while the bjp has fielded prime minister narendramodi , party president amit shah and a string of union ministers and chief ministers, the congress has kept its campaign low-key.
;;-0.25;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah have boasted of improving on the 2014 numbers and no pre-poll survey has predicted an upset.
;;-0.2714;;the same thing cpm comrades in delhi accuse prime minister narendramodi of!
;;0.4019;;sonia gandhi and narendramodi balasore, april 10: upa chairperson sonia gandhi and bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi will be in balasore tomorrow to campaign for their party candidates.
;;0.4215;;he added that he won't contest the election in varanasi if his candidature strengthened prime minister narendramodi in any way.
;;-0.7717;;jayanta roy chowdhuryhasmukh adhianew delhi: hasmukh adhia, the bureaucrat handpicked by prime minister narendramodi to oversee economic policies from his eyrie in the north block, appears to have lost some of his sheen and could be sulking after cabinet secretary p.k. sinha wangled a one-year extension on tuesday.
;;0.0;;aware of the opposition to big dams in the state, the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi had in february told a rally in pasirghat that large dams are not needed if we can build environment-friendly smaller dams.
;;0.0;;congress president rahul gandhi on friday kept pounding at joblessness, which the opposition feels is the biggest chink in prime minister narendramodi modis armour that he has sought to plug with a muscular brand of nationalism.
;;-0.4939;;our special correspondentjignesh mevaninew delhi: gujarat mla and dalit leader jignesh mevani wrote an open letter to prime minister narendramodi on friday, questioning his silence on caste and communal atrocities and the unnao and kathua gang rapes.
;;0.6997;;some bjp insiders said a by-election result could not be a definite indicator of the nation's mood but agreed that it had dented the image of invincibility projected by prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah.
;;0.7717;;since mahendra shares a good rapport with chief minister narendramodi and has accompanied him abroad to promote gujarat, he expects co-operation from the state government as president of gcci.
;;-0.4559;;k.m. rakeshpc siddaramaiahbangalore: karnataka chief minister p.c. siddaramaiah sent legal notices to prime minister narendramodi and two other bjp leaders on monday, citing certain campaign remarks and advertisements and threatening a rs 100-crore defamation suit if they did not apologise.
;;-0.6597;;pankaj kumar mishra had also made several social media posts questioning the political leadership, including prime minister narendramodi , over alleged poor service conditions and had demanded that jawans be treated the same way as officers.
;;0.2263;;our correspondentpatna: prime minister narendramodi will lay the foundation stone for four sewerage projects worth rs 1,111.
;;-0.8481;;our bureaunarendra modi, chandrababu naidunew delhi: the two telugu desam party ministers at the centre met prime minister narendramodi on thursday evening and handed their resignations, but the bjp refrained from a counter-attack and showed no signs of concern, indicating the crisis was temporary.
;;0.1531;;new delhi, june 5: the congress has disowned as premature some of its spokesperson shashi tharoors appreciative remarks on prime minister narendramodi , arguing it would wait and see how his government performs.
;;0.8376;;you all know that i particularly have been appreciative publicly, and on the record, of the very conciliatory and inclusive language that we have heard from prime minister narendramodi since the election but i would say respectfully to him and others in his government that a clear message has not reached everybody.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina will flag off diesel shipments by rail from north bengal to bangladesh and later sign a deal for a high-speed diesel pipeline from siliguri to parbatipur in rangpur.
;;-0.7579;;singh, then finance minister under prime minister p.v. narashimha rao, had to take into account the impact of the gulf crisis, while jaitley, serving under prime minister narendramodi , will have to factor in the uncertainties in iraq.
;;-0.7506;;the hammer and sickle are the luv and kush who would stop the horse of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, yechury told a rally in burnpur, alluding to the twins' mythical feat of defeating ram in battle.
;;0.0;;8: prime minister narendramodi is likely to meet soldiers at the siachen glacier during a visit to ladakh days before his first speech from new delhis red fort on the independence day.
;;0.8555;;bjp workers welcome prime minister narendramodi as he arrives at the party headquarters to celebrate the party's victory in the 2019 lok sabha elections, in new delhi on thursday, may 23, 2019.
;;-0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday tried to allay any maldivian fears about a big brother attitude from new delhi, insisting the indian growth story sought to serve as a tide that lifts its neighbours.
;;0.0258;;vijay pitched for development issues to be put at the forefront of the public discourse, saying prime minister narendramodi was working on such issues while we are trying to run all india according to our likes and dislikes.
;;-0.6808;;launching a scathing attack on prime minister narendramodi , she said modi during his campaign here in february, 2014, had said detention camps in assam would be demolished if the bjp came to power.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping both independently said today that they would strive for an early resolution of the six-decade-old differences that are at the root of the current standoff in ladakh.
;;-0.8979;;prime minister narendramodi has said the fight was against terrorists and not kashmiris, speaking up over a week after people from the valley were attacked in different places and a few days after allies piled pressure on the bjp.
;;0.8658;;sources said the partys four-pronged poll strategy would be sharing the credit of whatever good has happened in bihar under the seven-and-a-half years of the jd(u)-bjp rule, making nitish the prime target of attack apart from the congress, projecting its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi as the better performer and stronger face than nitish and staying soft on the rjd boss, lalu prasad.
;;0.3412;;despite lalus relentless attack on narendramodi , the bjp strategists have adopted softer posture on him for two reasons.
;;-0.25;;he has intensified his attack against the bjp as well as prime minister narendramodi in the run-up to the gujarat polls, scheduled to be held in two phases in december.
;;-0.1779;;and, in the season of fluid political equations, kcr found no contradiction in calling on prime minister narendramodi during his stay in new delhi though his first visit outside telangana since being voted back to power a fortnight ago was essentially in pursuit of his aspirations for a greater role at the centre with an avowed policy of equidistance from the bjp and the congress.
;;0.0;;(pti)new delhi: gujarat mla jigneshkumar mevani and others are asking prime minister narendramodi to choose between the manusmriti and the constitution.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi had recently asked state officials about the reasons for the delay in completion of a stretch of the east-west corridor - a four lane expressway connecting gujarat with assam and passing through north bengal.
;;0.4522;;the delegation, comprising representatives of most of the parties in manipur, led by the chief minister, left imphal today to meet prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh to press for the president's assent to the bills.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi also tweeted his wishes for odia fraternity on the occasion.
;;0.5106;;7 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on wednesday strongly disapproved incidents of vandalism of statues in certain parts of the country and spoke to home minister rajnath singh on the matter.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi shows the victory sign as he arrives at the parliament house in new delhi on monday.
;;0.296;;new delhi, may 16: prime minister narendramodi today reaffirmed india's support for the creation of a palestinian state, two months before he becomes the first indian chief executive to visit israel, attempting an uncomfortable balance between diplomatic tradition and ambition.
;;-0.3818;;mumbai: two parsi high priests have written to prime minister narendramodi urging him to realign a metro rail project in south mumbai as it threatened the sanctity of two fire temples, which would be a great religious loss to the community.
;;-0.4019;;on friday, chief minister naveen patnaik wrote to prime minister narendramodi seeking his personal intervention in forming the river dispute tribunal.
;;0.7096;;curious silence while the nation erupted in praise for narendramodi modis independence day speech, a draught of coldness was felt at the at home function at the rashtrapati bhawan.
;;0.3182;;fresh start with narendramodi modis decision to do away with the planning commission, the yojana bhawan will not be the same again.
;;0.0;;under narendramodi , this has completely changed.
;;0.6705;;game of convenience nitish kumar appears to have won over his cabinet colleague and bjp minister giriraj singh who used to speak against him and in favour of his (nitishs) bete noire gujarat chief minister narendramodi at the drop of a hat.
;;0.0;;reminded about his utterances about narendramodi , giriraj said: oh!
;;0.0;;excerptsq: with the recent visit of prime minister narendramodi to israel, new delhi-tel aviv ties have now been escalated to the next level.
;;0.4019;;das had earlier written to prime minister narendramodi and inspector-general of special branch j.s. gangwar seeking a probe into union minister giriraj singhs alleged links with the ranvir sena.
;;0.0;;bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi will attend a rally in guwahati on february 8.
;;-0.6486;;the current phase of agitation began after ibobi singh failed to take a political delegation to delhi to meet president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh seeking the president's assent to the bills.
;;-0.8271;;18: prime minister narendramodi today said atrocities against dalits made him bow his head in shame but did not spell out what action he proposed to take to stop such attacks.
;;-0.4019;;the bjp, whose prime minister narendramodi had signed the 2015 accord, has suspended two state party leaders who had signed the boycott declaration.
;;-0.5267;;beijing: prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping will discuss globalisation and the threat of rising protectionism this week, beijing has said in apparent allusion to measures taken under president donald trump's america first policy that have set up a us-china trade spate.
;;0.0;;18: finance minister arun jaitley today held an hour-long discussion with prime minister narendramodi over the appointment of the new rbi governor.
;;0.8625;;muthuselvi, who insisted she still likes prime minister narendramodi  crediting him for curbing black money, and the beautification of the port trust area  said her vote will not be for him.
;;0.4019;;every mp, including prime minister narendramodi , will sweep parts of their constituencies to take the clean india campaign forward.
;;0.2263;;the cable salvo came a day after prime minister narendramodi accused rahul of applauding lashkar chief hafiz saeed's release in pakistan.
;;0.0387;;opposition strategists appear to have figured out the political line-up against prime minister narendramodi but have given up on three parties joining them in their upcoming battle with the ruling bjp.
;;-0.7003;;leader after leader at the rally accused prime minister narendramodi of cheating the people.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi expressed grief over the incident.
;;0.0;;file picturevijayawada: andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu said on sunday that prime minister narendramodi was a campaign pm.
;;-0.296;;8 (pti): ashok gajapathi raju and y.s. chowdary, the two tdp ministers in the bjp-led nda government, submitted their resignations to prime minister narendramodi on thursday evening.
;;0.6249;;posters plastered all over the national capital encapsulate the change: photographs of the bjps original patriarchs and ideologues, syama prasad mookerjee and deen dayal upadhyaya, have been replaced with those of atal bihari vajpayee and l.k. advani, sharing space with narendramodi and shah.
;;-0.8847;;the idea that this tragedy is newsworthy because narendramodi didnt comment on it distracts us from the existential and political significance of mohsins death.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi expressed grief and tweeted that he had asked home minister rajnath singh to visit the village tomorrow morning.
;;0.0;;prasad said the narendramodi government's record needed to be conveyed to the people.
;;-0.4019;;this government is led by prime minister shri narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, ravi shankar prasad and many others who fought the emergency for three freedoms - individual, media and independence of the judiciary, he said.
;;-0.4404;;new delhi, may 5: prime minister narendramodi has claimed the south asia satellite launched today has probably no parallels as an example of a spacecraft gifted by a nation to its neighbours at no cost.
;;0.4588;;consequently, prime minister narendramodi announced that rs 4,500 crore would be given to bhutan as aide for the 12th plan after his bilateral engagement with bhutanese premier lotay tshring.
;;0.0;;thiruvananthapuram/ thripunithura, may 11: narendramodi today appeared unmindful of the #pomonemodi (go, son modi) chorus on social media in reaction to his comparison of kerala and somalia, as he returned to the state to address his fifth rally in five days.
;;0.0;;pm visit sahebganj: prime minister narendramodi will lay the foundation stone of a bridge over river ganga on april 6.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi held two rallies in tripura last week and is scheduled to address two more on thursday.
;;-0.296;;india has refused to back western sanctions against russia over the past year, both under the previous upa regime and the current narendramodi government.
;;-0.1779;;(pictures by pti and ub photos) nagaon, april 19: congress vice-president rahul gandhi today went all guns blazing at the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , accusing him of practising the divide-and-rule formula of the british to capture power.
;;0.0;;picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: rjd national vice-president raghuvansh prasad singh took potshots at prime minister narendramodi , saying that the way nirav modi, lalit modi and vijya mallya have fled the country, the day is not far when narendramodi will also flee taking all the money from the country.
;;0.0;;i am afraid that the day is not far when narendramodi will also run away taking our money.
;;-0.3818;;the former union minister attacked narendramodi , saying nirav took away rs 11,400 crore from under his nose and now the centre is pretending to keep close watch on him.
;;0.2681;;in the similar case, the narendramodi government does not want to present the truth in the rafale deal case.
;;0.0;;congress president rahul gandhi on thursday congratulated prime minister narendramodi for his victory and declared he would obey the peoples order to sit in the opposition.
;;-0.4767;;ashutosh mishrabhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik's letter to prime minister narendramodi demanding that hockey be officially declared as the national game seems to have triggered a controversy with union minister for youth affairs and sports rajyavardhan singh rathore asserting that no official declaration was required to accord the sport such status.
;;0.8481;;our bureaunarendra modinew delhi: prime minister narendramodi has celebrated national press day by committing his government to upholding freedom of press and expression in all forms.
;;0.6597;;while the chief campaigner for the congress is party president rahul gandhi, the bjp's canvassing is being led by prime minister narendramodi , party chief amit shah and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.6486;;the executive decided to invite prime minister narendramodi to celebrate the completion of one year of the bjp-led government in the state.
;;0.4215;;picture by indrajit roysantiniketan: a visva-bharati guest broke through multi-layered security to get to the convocation dais and hand prime minister narendramodi a picture of rabindranath tagore and pose for a photo.
;;0.431;;the signing of the framework agreement was announced by prime minister narendramodi on august 3 last year during the monsoon session of parliament but no details were revealed to either the house or to other political parties as has been the norm.
;;0.6908;;sathyamoorthy govindarajanchennai: the centre is committed to bringing about positive change in the lives of the people and is working towards the empowerment of women, prime minister narendramodi said here on saturday.
;;0.0;;home minister amit shah appears to have stepped out of the shadow of prime minister narendramodi with the government move to amend article 370, perhaps even dimming his mentors halo a little.
;;-0.4939;;though prime minister narendramodi speaks of an inclusive society for the differently-abled people, such second-class treatment for them during such a mega event is disappointing.
;;0.6705;;(ap)the bjp on saturday launched a fresh membership drive, led by prime minister narendramodi in varanasi and party president amit shah in telangana.
;;-0.2263;;demanddhemaji: koch-rajbonshi students' union on monday submitted a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi through the lakhimpur deputy commissioner demanding a kamtapur state with 15 districts of assam and 6 of bengal.
;;-0.2263;;the opposition demanded that narendramodi , who was present in the lok sabha after a tour abroad, make a statement on why jyoti had not been sacked.
;;0.0;;sanjay k. jhanirav modi (circled red) and others with prime minister narendramodi at davos, switzerland, on january 23, 2018.
;;-0.7096;;rahul used the hashtag #from1modi2anothernew delhi: the corruption cudgel with which narendramodi has bludgeoned his opponents threatened to swing the other way on thursday as the nirav modi scandal threw up an arresting picture and a smoking-gun letter.
;;-0.9022;;but narendramodi and the bjp - who have placed themselves at the pinnacle of propriety and hanged many a corruption accused even before courtroom trials - found it difficult to digest the fact that the prime minister was probably one of the last indians to meet nirav before the scam blew up.
;;0.6249;;the entire country is now looking upon prime minister narendramodi and the bjp with great expectations.
;;0.34;;the diamond merchant was last seen in public on january 23 in davos, posing with prime minister narendramodi and other businesspersons.
;;-0.6597;;purnea, march 10: narendramodi today targeted nitish kumars secular credentials in one of bihars muslim pockets and alleged that the janata dal (united) chief minister had dumped the bjp out of greed for the prime ministers post.
;;0.0;;before the beginning of the proceedings of the house, bjp members were seen clapping when prime minister narendramodi walked into the house.
;;-0.1027;;after all, akhilesh was recently seen to endorse rahul's comment against narendramodi when he accused the prime minister of khoon ki dalali while criticizing the bharatiya janata party for playing politics over the surgical strikes.
;;0.0;;having got slightly carried away by the presence of narendramodi , the union minister for water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation tried to rabble-rouse with the slogan, modi ji tum raj karo.
;;0.5106;;environmentalist anil sinha has sent a letter to prime minister narendramodi to make the sariswa free of pollution.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi would inaugurate a 500-bed hospital in december.
;;-0.1406;;anita joshuanew delhi: the promise of a bullet train, the roll-on-roll-off ferry service ride and the flamboyant take-off on a sea plane were part of the works that the bjp rolled out with prime minister narendramodi as the presiding deity, but this was not enough to propel the seemingly unstoppable saffron juggernaut to the 100-mark.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi , when he was the gujarat chief minister, was interrogated by the cbi.
;;0.6808;;israeli premier benjamin netanyahu (in picture) had thanked prime minister narendramodi for your support and for standing with israel at the un in what is being largely perceived as a departure from indias traditional position in such fora.
;;0.6808;;israeli premier benjamin netanyahu had thanked prime minister narendramodi for your support and for standing with israel at the un in what is being largely perceived as a departure from indias traditional position in such fora.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi had floated the smart city concept with 100 cities to be included in the scheme across the country.
;;-0.6908;;bhatt was summoned for questioning by the commission after he filed an affidavit in the supreme court alleging that gujarat chief minister narendramodi had instructed officers to allow hindus to vent their anger during the riots that broke out after the torching of sabarmati express in february 2002.
;;0.5499;;13: chief minister nitish kumar may have dismissed it as media speculation but his party did wrangle for union ministerial seats in the cabinet expansion that prime minister narendramodi effected on september 3 this year, highly placed sources in both the bjp and the jdu have told the telegraph.
;;0.7845;;the jdu functionary also said some party leaders who were hopeful of getting a place in the union council of ministers were camping in delhi as they were aware of the style of functioning of narendramodi , who is known for throwing last-minute surprises.
;;0.0762;;gupta said it was an election budget and not the hard budget prime minister narendramodi had talked about.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi had conducted an aerial survey of flood-hit areas with chief minister nitish kumar and sushil modi and announced rs 500 crore as immediate relief.
;;0.6486;;ptiprime minister narendramodi on monday released the bjp's manifesto in the presence of senior party leaders, including president amit shah who said the 'sankalp patra' makes 75 pledges and promises to fulfil all expectations of the people.
;;-0.7579;;the bjp chief said prime minister narendramodi had provided a decisive government in the last five years and dared to carry out surgical strikes and air strikes on the foundation of terror.
;;0.4767;;nathwani, a member of a delegation led by chief minister narendramodi to china recently, said gujarat was attracting investments because it was a policy-driven state.
;;-0.25;;17: prime minister narendramodi today exhorted the military to be prepared for star wars and extend its capabilities to space.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, during the annual convocation of visva bharati university, in birbhum, on friday.
;;0.0;;pti photosantiniketan (wb), may 25 (pti): india and bangladesh are two separate countries bonded by cooperation and understanding, prime minister narendramodi said here today.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi , who has not spoken in parliament yet on the rafale deal, on sunday praised sitharaman and finance minister arun jaitley for their detailed response to the lies on the rafale deal in parliament.
;;0.0258;;siliguri, april 10: the bjp today claimed that people from all walks of life had flocked to listen to narendramodi in siliguri because of the partys systematic effort to reach out to voters of different ages, occupations and economic strata, both from the hills and the plains.
;;0.0;;so i also came to hear narendramodi , said topno.
;;-0.2263;;ed probe plea patna: madhepura mp pappu yadav on saturday wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi and chief minister nitish kumar demanding an enforcement directorate probe into properties of rjd chief lalu prasad.
;;-0.7579;;(pti)new delhi: the congress on sunday questioned prime minister narendramodi on the repeated ceasefire violations by pakistan in which indian soldiers are being killed regularly, alleging that the promised muscular national security policy had proved to be a hoax.
;;0.6249;;according to burnwal and the fir he lodged with talsalvi police in vadodara four years ago, he had inked a franchise agreement with gujarat antibiotics on january 13, 2010, apparently influenced by the administrative prowess of then chief minister narendramodi , and made a security deposit of rs 3 lakh through demand draft.
;;0.2732;;giriraj, a staunch supporter of the partys prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , on wednesday said: i have a high regard for the judiciary and i shall abide by its order.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, bokaro sub-divisional judicial magistrate amit shekhar issued the warrant against the bjp leader for his alleged remarks that those opposing narendramodi should go to pakistan.
;;0.3612;;hundreds of letters bearing the signature of prime minister narendramodi to thank those consumers who have given up their subsidy on cooking gas cylinders were found scattered on the road adjacent to the offices of lpg distributors on pali road at dehri-on-sone in rohtas district, around 150km southwest of patna, on thursday.
;;0.0;;actually, lalu and rjd are out to avenge the prakash utsav inaugural show in which prime minister narendramodi had come and laluji and his sons were not given seats on the dais.
;;0.0;;nirav was last seen in public on january 23 in davos, posing with prime minister narendramodi and other businesspersons.
;;0.4588;;the wax plant was dedicated to the nation by prime minister narendramodi on february 5.
;;0.7269;;our special correspondentchief justice dipak misra (left) with prime minister narendramodi at the event.
;;0.6486;;picture by prem singhnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi stepped up to play good cop on sunday after law minister ravi shankar prasad's bad cop turn on alleged judicial overreach and over-accommodation of public interest litigation had provoked a rejoinder from chief justice of india dipak misra.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi has made it clear that while his government was willing to talk to anyone with an open mind and was keen to normalize the situation, there won't be any major concessions in dealing with the protests in kashmir.
;;0.1531;;kartikey's facebook wall is full of political comments - praise for prime minister narendramodi and cartoons and wisecracks mocking congress vice-president rahul gandhi.
;;0.765;;by most accounts prime minister narendramodi was at the national park named after corbett, better known as jim corbett, the celebrated hunter, tracker and naturalist.
;;-0.4767;;an ias officer deputed as a general observer by the election commission has been suspended after a decision by him led to the inspection of a helicopter that ferried prime minister narendramodi in odisha on tuesday.
;;0.2732;;12: prime minister narendramodi today asked pakistan to explain to the world the atrocities it had committed on its own citizens in balochistan and the people of pakistan-occupied kashmir.
;;0.4019;;we had even sought an appointment with prime minister narendramodi to apprise him about the need for enhancing the minimum support price (msp) of paddy to rs 2,930 per quintal.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday used the customary farewell speech on the last day of the lok sabha to once again take swipes at sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi and bat for a single-party majority government.
;;0.4215;;also, chief minister raghubar das has requested the prime minister narendramodi to lay the foundation stone of adani group's proposed thermal power plant in godda and requested modi's bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina, through the bangladesh ambassador to india, to grace the occasion.
;;0.0;;he said prime minster narendramodi has sent him to assess the status of the villages.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi has also directed all officers to ensure that steps are taken to stick to the april 2017 rollout date.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to launch the massive open online course on august 15.
;;0.7783;;7: gujarat chief minister narendramodi sent three teams of dedicated police of his state to imphal for his security during his one-day imphal visit tomorrow in addition to the national security guards (nsg) and state force teams.
;;0.7845;;prime minister narendramodi , expressing happiness, tweeted: the songs and music of bhupen hazarika are admired by people across generations.
;;-0.3612;;(pti)congress president rahul gandhi on tuesday took a jibe at prime minister narendramodi over his remarks that cloud cover helped iaf planes evade pakistani radars during the balakot air strikes.
;;0.0;;the retweets follow two references by narendramodi this month to pakistan's human rights record in balochistan, first in an all-party meeting and then in his independence day address.
;;0.0;;he used his news sense to retweet some tweets related to balochistan since our prime minister narendramodi too has spoken on the issue in the recent times.
;;-0.2023;;10: gujarat high court today scrapped a commission set up last year by the then narendramodi modi-headed state government to probe alleged snooping on a woman architect in 2009, accepting her fathers plea that it violated her right to privacy.
;;0.5106;;the committee today decided that a delegation, led by the speaker, would call on prime minister narendramodi and demand that the minimum support price of paddy be increased to rs 2,930 per quintal.
;;-0.8176;;it also noted that prime minister narendramodi seems indifferent to these threats and problems, and there is no mechanism for protecting journalists.
;;0.3346;;those who have lived in or visited gujarat while narendramodi was that state's chief minister shall not find this surprising.
;;-0.1032;;it's a fair bet that gandhi himself would probably not have survived narendramodi , amit shah and rajnath singh.
;;-0.4767;;picture by ub photos guwahati, july 14: former assam chief minister tarun gogoi today blamed prime minister narendramodi for the unconstitutional removal of an elected congress government in arunachal pradesh, saying governor j.p. rajkhowa had only danced to the centre's tune.
;;0.0;;the chief minister has requested doner minister jitendra singh to take up the incident with prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh during his visit on tuesday.
;;-0.3818;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi took the lead in calling for a fight against the centres policy of discrimination.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi is personally overseeing the execution of a pro-dalit blueprint, aimed at reinforcing the party's commitment to babasaheb ambedkar's legacy.
;;0.0;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi was absent from the rally.
;;0.0;;(pti) new delhi, june 16: prime minister narendramodi will most likely shuffle his ministry before the month ends but the topmost ministers are unlikely to be touched, bjp and government sources have said.
;;0.3182;;file picturenew delhi: yet another dalit mp has written to prime minister narendramodi accusing the government of only paying lip service and not doing anything for the benefit of the community in the past four years.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi has been charged with pressuring the french to give the offset contract to anil ambanis reliance, bypassing the public-sector hal.
;;0.0;;new delhi, june 30: for a long time, the us may not hear the last from the bjp on the denial of a visa to narendramodi during the nearly decade-and-a-half he was gujarat chief minister.
;;0.5095;;javadekar had yesterday tweeted that the world is very excited about the verdict given by indian voters to the narendramodi government in the worlds largest democratic elections.
;;-0.6369;;nath said prime minister narendramodi was encouraging the beti bachao, beti padhao project and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath has formed anti-romeo squads to control evil forces, but in assam, social media is being used to irritate woman leaders.
;;0.0516;;the supreme court will take up on tuesday congress mp sushmita devs plea for a directive to the election commission to take action against prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah for alleged violations of the model code of conduct.
;;-0.886;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said terrorists were lying in wait for a weak government in the country, bringing up the easter blasts in neighbouring sri lanka and suggesting to voters that this would happen in india if the bjp were voted out.
;;-0.5574;;picture by prem singhrahul gandhi on thursday repeated the accusation that prime minister narendramodi had lied to the people on the rafale deal.
;;0.5423;;the committee will meet prime minister narendramodi and demand the increase in the minimum support price.
;;0.0;;what did you make of prime minister narendramodi modis spectacular performance in the april-may general elections?
;;-0.6808;;(pti) srinagar, april 2 (agencies): prime minister narendramodi today urged the youths of kashmir to choose tourism and development over terrorism, shortly after inaugurating a highway tunnel in jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.0258;;ap pictureprime minister narendramodi has sought normal and cooperative relations with pakistan while iterating indias stated position that this would not be possible without building an environment free of terror.
;;-0.7579;;during her 90-minute speech, mayawati attacked prime minister narendramodi for deciding to celebrate vijaya dashmi in lucknow on tuesday while the families of the 18 dead uri soldiers were still mourning.
;;0.5267;;attorney general k.k. venugopal told a bench of chief justice dipak misra and justices a.m. khanwilkar and d.y. chandrachud that prime minister narendramodi and his cabinet colleagues are busy campaigning in karnataka and hence the draft could not be placed before the union cabinet.
;;0.0;;the meeting will show how the bjp under the leadership of narendramodi and amit shah has emerged the choice of different sections and regions of the country, a bjp leader said.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi , shatrughan sinha, ravi kisen, sunny deol and kirron kher are in the fray.
;;0.1531;;the statement said prime minister narendramodi had earlier said development alone was the way to resolve the kashmir issue.
;;0.8658;;shashi tharoor referred to prime minister narendramodi as a gulliver among liliputians during an event in town on sunday to celebrate 25 years of the publication of the great indian novel but speaking to metro on the sidelines, he said he remains a loyal congressman.
;;0.0;;assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal on monday took stock of the preparations for prime minister narendramodi modis visit on tuesday to inaugurate bogibeel bridge, the countrys longest rail-cum-road bridge.
;;0.0;;december 25 will be a historic moment for the people of assam as prime minister narendramodi will dedicate the bridge to the nation.
;;0.5187;;christmas day is of high symbolic value for the subcontinent: it is not only the birth anniversary of muhammad ali jinnah but also the day chosen by prime minister narendramodi for his surprise lahore diplomacy two years ago.
;;0.8885;;dipak mishrathe electric locomotive prime minister narendramodi flagged off on tuesdaymotihari: the pictures may not show it, but the niggling tension between allies janata dal united and bjp over the recent communal flare-ups showed on the stage with chief minister nitish kumar gently reminding prime minister narendramodi that social harmony was as important as cleanliness.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi greets chief minister raghubar das before the meeting in delhi on saturday.
;;0.2023;;the bjp on wednesday virtually refused to take notice of the praise its rebel patna sahib mp shatrughan sinha recently heaped on prime minister narendramodi and bihar chief minister nitish kumar.
;;0.3182;;bjps sankalp patra (election manifesto), released by prime minister narendramodi in delhi on monday, said, we are committed to the enactment of the citizenship (amendment) bill for the protection of individuals of religious minorities from neighbouring countries escaping persecution.
;;0.6808;;they are hopeful that prime minister narendramodi modis meetings with the heads of other countries would lead to huge investments.
;;0.6908;;picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 14: the two-day bjp national executive meeting begins here tomorrow with narendramodi and amit shah looking to paint odisha and other eastern states in party colours in 2019, buoyed by their recent election triumphs.
;;0.8591;;our correspondentpankaj mohantakeonjhar: a 14-year-old boy, who had saved three women from drowning, has been selected for the indian council for child welfare's national bravery award that will be presented by prime minister narendramodi on january 23.
;;0.3612;;but the resumption of talks to resolve the inter-state boundary dispute after nearly seven years assumes significance in the wake of a petition sent to prime minister narendramodi recently.
;;-0.4019;;q: prime minister narendramodi says the opposition is inventing an excuse for an impending defeat.
;;-0.6428;;rahul roy, the united candidate of the chhatra rjd and the congress student wing nsui, said: the patna university fraternity on its centenary year celebration had invited prime minister narendramodi with a hope and expectations that the pm will accord central university status to patna university, but he cheated the entire pu family.
;;0.0;;8 (pti): pakistan sees no hope of a breakthrough in relations with india under the narendramodi government, prime minister nawaz sharif's adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz has said, accusing india of adopting a hegemonistic attitude.
;;0.1779;;there is no hope for a breakthrough in relations with india under its current prime minister narendramodi , the associated press of pakistan quoted aziz as saying in a tv interview.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in wuhan, china, on friday.
;;-0.4497;;senior nda leaders including prime minister narendramodi campaigned for prince raj, but he lost.
;;0.2023;;(retd) nirbhay sharma called on prime minister narendramodi and sought his attention on important development projects such as connectivity, telecommunication and hydropower in the state.
;;0.2732;;the decision to facilitate verma's visit to tawang comes close on the heels of a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping in goa where they agreed to maintain strategic communication over differences.
;;-0.4767;;narendra modi and prasad harichandanbhubaneswar, april 17: the congress today said prime minister narendramodi had disappointed odisha.
;;-0.6249;;without identifying anyone, kalam says that many fears were expressed, such as that chief minister narendramodi might boycott his visit.
;;0.3919;;the people had pinned their hopes on the bjp, but even during the 104-day strike, the bjp government did not utter a single word (on statehood) even though prime minister narendramodi had spoken about the dream of the gorkhas, said rai.
;;0.5267;;anita joshuachief justice dipak misra (left) with prime minister narendramodi at the event.
;;0.0516;;eventually, prime minister narendramodi sought to ease the tension by saying: we are all part of one family.
;;0.4588;;the idea is to prevent the bjp, especially narendramodi , from coming out in favour of any particular candidate.
;;0.0;;ranchis new-found aspiration to hop on to prime minister narendramodi modis 100-smart-cities bandwagon may seem nothing more than a daydream after its four-year-old city bus service was grounded on monday.
;;-0.3612;;2: a forum of educationists has criticised prime minister narendramodi modis attempts in a speech last week to portray narratives from mythology as examples of ancient indian scientific and medical prowess, saying public figures should rise above the desire to be ideologues of irrational ideas.
;;0.0;;srivastava also said the vice-chancellor would request the governor in a day or two to seek the presence of prime minister narendramodi on the foundation day of the university on january 2 next year.
;;-0.0772;;19: former chief minister nitish kumar, during his sampark yatra here this evening, played the role of a senior counsel while lambasting the bjp and prime minister narendramodi for misleading the people on the black money issue.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi had promised the early implementation of a commitment india made to iran during his visit to tehran last may on developing two terminals and five berths at the strategically located port on the gulf of oman, within 18 months.
;;0.1779;;the incident prompted kushwaha, the rashtriya lok samata party (rlsp) chief, to mid-way cancel his journey to motihari to attend the concluding function of the champaran satyagraha centenary at motihari in east champaran at which prime minister narendramodi was the chief guest.
;;-0.0634;;they are the chowkidars of loot and lies, mamata said, and asked how prime minister narendramodi could lie so much day in and day out and not be ashamed of it.
;;0.0;;to clarify the government's position on the row, chief minister naveen patnaik's letter to prime minister narendramodi on the issue was released here on monday.
;;0.0;;the son of the policeman lynched in ghazipur on saturday, shortly after a rally by prime minister narendramodi 2km away, had a question for chief minister yogi adityanath on sunday.
;;0.3612;;he also quoted a press statement made by gogoi published on july 17, 2014, where he urged prime minister narendramodi to frame a policy to grant asylum to persons who have taken refuge in india after fleeing their country on grounds of religious persecution and discrimination.
;;-0.7889;;the 31-year-old, the only one of eight siblings to attend university, said his attempts to get a salaried job had failed, and he blamed the government of prime minister narendramodi for not creating employment opportunities as it had promised.
;;0.4019;;people expect only narendramodi to give them jobs; they have forgotten that even state governments have some role to play in creating jobs, paswan said in an interview.
;;-0.4939;;talking to mediapersons later, bora expressed dissatisfaction over the situation and appealed to prime minister narendramodi and assam chief minister tarun gogoi to address the villagers plight.
;;0.0;;79 million followers and other twitterati to take part in her suggested social media movement against demonetisation, which prime minister narendramodi had announced on november 8 last year.
;;0.7351;;politicians splash out on everything from advertising to giant rallies, as well as gifts and transport across the nation (pti)prime minister narendramodi modis bjp is flush with cash in the current lok sabha election, and is expected to easily outspend opposition parties, as he seeks a second term in office.
;;-0.5106;;the trio assembled today on one platform, ostensibly, to showcase their unity and slam prime minister narendramodi for failing to fulfil his poll promises.
;;-0.1154;;the press conference was organised to launch a united attack on the narendramodi government, but by taking a question related to the prime mini-sterial candidate for 2019 and projecting rahul gandhi, he virtually snubbed nitish kumar's aspirations of leading a united front of all those political forces which are opposed to the bjp.
;;-0.4215;;the fir was the first attempt to rein in thugs masquerading as cow protectors since prime minister narendramodi broke his silence over the weekend on bovine badshahs and appealed to state governments to take action against such anti-socials.
;;-0.2263;;protesters burn effigies of prime minister narendramodi and manipur chief minister biren singh in imphal on tuesday.
;;-0.2263;;defying curfew, protesters set ablaze the effigies of prime minister narendramodi and manipur chief minister n. biren singh at singjamei mayengbam leikai and at takhel leikai along the imphal airport road on tuesday.
;;0.6124;;the prod for this budget's schemes appeared to have come from prime minister narendramodi who had inaugurated a cattle health fair his constituency in varanasi last september and expressed hope that the event - touted as a first in the country - would be followed by more such cattle camps across uttar pradesh.
;;-0.5859;;on the allegation of evm fraud, jaitley referred to what prime minister narendramodi had said at the recently concluded national executive meeting of the bjp in bhubaneswar.
;;0.0;;while uddhav went into a huddle with his aides in mumbai, fadnavis was locked in a meeting in delhi with prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah to finalise cabinet berths.
;;0.0;;with the equation of narendramodi in delhi, and devendra in maharashtra, the state could expect acche din (good days), the editorial said.
;;-0.2263;;but because of the presence of narendramodi as pm candidate, our voting is going to be aggressive.
;;0.0;;our pm candidate narendramodi did not utter a word on the issue.
;;0.8176;;naveen request bhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik wrote to prime minister narendramodi on tuesday urging him to expedite the process to set up the proposed national institute of new and renewable energy and innovation seeking financial support from ministry of new and renewable energy.
;;-0.6124;;the nudge to the pakistani media came at a time prime minister narendramodi and other leading lights of the government have been construing any attempt to seek information on the pre-emptive strike as an act of hostility towards the armed forces.
;;0.0;;he also called on prime minister narendramodi and discussed development of the state.
;;0.0;;pm followers new delhi (pti): prime minister narendramodi has pipped actor amitabh bachchan to become the most followed indian on twitter.
;;0.0;;the bjp's campaign had been lacklustre before the central leadership, led by prime minister narendramodi , breathed life into it by holding rallies across the state.
;;0.0;;picture by prem singhnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi chaired a meeting of the bjp's central election committee on wednesday night to select candidates for the gujarat elections.
;;-0.6908;;amit bhelarilalu prasadpatna: rjd chief lalu prasad on sunday demanded that the good and services tax (gst) be rolled back, and attacked prime minister narendramodi for heaping misery on the country.
;;0.0;;the rjd will throw narendramodi out of power by pulling his ears.
;;0.0;;also, to make the mela cashless  in furtherance of a key campaign of prime minister narendramodi  the state government has signed a deal with punjab national bank allowing it to open over 100 counters in the sangam area and issue prepaid cards to people.
;;0.4226;;the minister said the ministry's prime objective was to develop the northeast on a par with the rest of the country to ensure, as prime minister narendramodi said, the right arm (east) of mother india should not find itself weak or feeble as compared to the left arm (west).
;;0.0;;rao, who was part of the high-powered selection panel headed by prime minister narendramodi , passed away last year.
;;0.5423;;power awardpatna: the south bihar power distribution company will receive the team award from prime minister narendramodi on april 21 for its rural electrification work in nalanda.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi , during his speech at aalo (in arunachal on thursday), announced his government would not bring in any law that goes against the interests of the people.
;;0.0;;the man is narendramodi modi.
;;0.4939;;our special correspondentnirmala sitharamannew delhi: defence minister nirmala sitharaman has dismissed as shameful the allegations over the procurement of 36 rafale fighter jets from france, a day after rahul gandhi claimed prime minister narendramodi recast the deal to help one businessman.
;;-0.5659;;(pti) new delhi, july 2: prime minister narendramodi today stressed that building the bjp organisation continued to be central to his scheme despite the party being ensconced in power for the next five years.
;;-0.7311;;picture: ptibangalore: rahul gandhi believes that prime minister narendramodi would lose not just his government but also his varanasi seat in a spectacular collapse during the next general election if the opposition joins forces against him.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondentsingh, modinew delhi: a handshake between prime minister narendramodi and his predecessor manmohan singh, who had been involved in a spat recently, marked the end of the winter session in the rajya sabha on friday.
;;0.0;;ub photosamid protests against the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2019, prime minister narendramodi on saturday visited arunachal pradesh capital itanagar and laid the foundation stone of many schemes and inaugurated several projects worth over rs 4,000 crore.
;;0.8658;;my condolences to his family, friends and colleagues #presidentkovind  president of india (@rashtrapatibhvn) november 17, 2018president ram nath kovind said he was a creative guru and a doyen of the ad industry, while prime minister narendramodi remembered him as a wonderful communicator.
;;0.0;;j.p. yadavnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi had raised the pakistan bogey during the gujarat campaign.
;;0.0;;wildlife does not feature in prime minister narendramodi modis agenda during his two-day visit to bhutan starting today.
;;-0.128;;our special correspondentudit rajfile picturenew delhi: bjp parliamentarian udit raj said on friday that he would meet prime minister narendramodi to oppose the decision to recruit 10 joint secretaries from the private sector through lateral entry in violation of the reservation policy.
;;0.0;;yechury also took a dig at bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi stating that gujarat, his home state, offered highest concession to corporate sectors among all the states of the country.
;;0.5859;;the grand bargain will probably happen by the time prime minister narendramodi meets his pakistani counterpart, nawaz sharif, in astana in june at the time of the shanghai cooperation organization summit.
;;0.34;;several mps, activists, former bureaucrats, academics and leaders of farmers movements wrote an open letter last month to prime minister narendramodi to highlight the under-funding of the scheme.
;;0.3182;;activists of the largest students organisation in the region staged sit-ins in all district and sub-divisional headquarters, demanding prime minister narendramodi immediately clarify his governments stand on the land-swap agreement.
;;0.0;;the people of assam vividly remember that while narendramodi had gone on record saying he was opposed to land transfer to bangladesh, said aiudf chief and dhubri mp badruddin ajmal.
;;0.2023;;the unc has submitted a memorandum to prime minster narendramodi asking for urgent intervention of the centre on the situation of the nagas in manipur.
;;0.0;;national conference leaders farooq abdullah (in picture) and his son omar abdullah met prime minister narendramodi in delhi on thursday with a request not to take any measure that will further destabilise the state.
;;0.0;;national conference leaders farooq abdullah and his son omar abdullah met prime minister narendramodi in delhi on thursday with a request not to take any measure that would further destabilise the state.
;;0.4215;;but bjp insiders believe he would back prime minister narendramodi , with whom he is reputed to share a personal rapport, at the centre.
;;-0.296;;the government is sparing no effort to turn prime minister narendramodi modis maiden independence day speech from the red fort into a mega event.
;;-0.1779;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi had on tuesday decided to allow private firms to mine coal in a move that threatens to put an end to state-backed coal india ltd's (cil) monopoly.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee had invited the heads of state or government of all 54 african nations for the summit that represents indias belated efforts at reviving ties trapped in the rhetoric of the non-aligned movement.
;;0.0;;this was after a high-powered committee headed by prime minister narendramodi removed verma as chief of the probe agency.
;;0.3818;;he (lalu) should apologise to the public and prime minister narendramodi for this.
;;0.6597;;the party pointed out that the conviction was the result of the special investigation team constituted by the narendramodi government in 2015.
;;-0.5859;;he said that the then chief minister and now prime minister narendramodi was interrogated by the sit for 3 days and no evidence was found against him.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during a public rally ahead of madhya pradesh assembly elections, in mandsaur, on saturday.
;;-0.5267;;(pti picture)prime minister narendramodi on saturday accused the congress of abusing his mother, playing up an emotive issue ahead of the november 28 madhya pradesh elections.
;;0.0;;15: narendramodi spoke, arvind kejriwal slept.
;;0.296;;prime minister narendramodi had yesterday appealed to the schools across india to observe two-minute's silence and pray to show solidarity with the victims and their families.
;;0.0;;nitish had recently met prime minister narendramodi in delhi and briefed him about the flood situation in bihar.
;;-0.128;;sp sources said it would be tough for akhilesh to take a decision on fielding candidates in varanasi and lucknow, the seats represented by prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh.
;;0.3182;;pm marks new delhi (pti): delhi high court has stayed a central information commission's order directing delhi university to allow the inspection of records of all students who had passed ba examination in 1978, the year prime minister narendramodi had also cleared it.
;;-0.296;;the congress today called the trip a wasteful expenditure and sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention to stop the junket.
;;-0.4145;;our special correspondentnew delhi: the congress on thursday said prime minister narendramodi was not interested in resolving the parliamentary deadlock triggered by his pakistan innuendo because he didn't want a debate on the rafale fighter aircraft deal and the jay shah controversy.
;;-0.6486;;15: former assam chief minister tarun gogoi today blamed both prime minister narendramodi and j.p. rajkhowa for the latter's humiliating exit as arunachal pradesh governor.
;;-0.25;;the letter and spirit of the constitution have never come under such rampant and consistent assault as during the years that narendramodi assumed the reins of government and amit shah the reins of the bjp telegraph file picturethe year that has begun might well turn out to be the most momentous in the memory of our lives, or in the memory of the lives of most of us.
;;-0.1027;;its letter and spirit have never come under such rampant and consistent assault as during the years that narendramodi assumed the reins of government and amit shah the reins of the ruling bharatiya janata party.
;;0.3182;;many of those who authored or endorse the scurrilous new india nehru biography are followed by prime minister narendramodi on social media.
;;0.4767;;on may 25, the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi gave its approval for the introduction of two bills in parliament to modify the list of scheduled tribes in five states - assam, chhattisgarh, jharkhand, tamil nadu, tripura - and identification of new communities in the union territory of puducherry, sharda subba said had said.
;;0.3818;;9 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on monday asked indian origin lawmakers from across the world to be partners in india's development and act as catalysts in the country's economic growth.
;;-0.2023;;grewal today urged prime minister narendramodi to introduce strong laws against medical corruption, which he has described as the worst form of all corruption.
;;0.1506;;meghalaya chief minister conrad k. sangma, who attended prime minister narendramodi modis nomination rally in varanasi on friday, said on saturday that his party, the npp, would not agree with everything the bjp or the nda government does.
;;0.4019;;reacting to the opposition tirade against him for accompanying prime minister narendramodi when the latter filed his nomination papers in varanasi on friday, conrad, whose national peoples party (npp) is a part of the nda, said, we must remember that in the last five years of the nda government, a lot of development has taken place in the northeast.
;;0.7351;;manoj tigga of the bjp won from madarihat in 2016 after prime minister narendramodi visited the region during the campaign and promised reopening of closed tea estates.
;;0.4497;;this law had been drafted when narendramodi was the chief minister of gujarat, but had been blocked by kamla beniwal, then governor, for going against the principles of individual liberty guaranteed under article 21 of the constitution.
;;0.6705;;narendra modi and bjp president amit shah at kashi vishwanath temple in varanasi earlier on monday picture by ptichemistry has triumphed over poll arithmetic, prime minister narendramodi said on monday, profusely thanking varanasi voters for electing him by a huge margin in the lok sabha elections.
;;0.3612;;(pti)prime minister narendramodi sought to be magnanimous in the moment of his momentous victory on thursday, promising to leave behind the acrimony of the poll campaign and run the country with sarwamat (consensus) despite the big bahumat (majority).
;;0.0516;;lalu had warned on monday that prime minister narendramodi and the chief minister will be directly responsible should anything happen to him.
;;0.4019;;(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi has described rahul gandhi's upcoming elevation to party president as  aurangzebi raj, prompting the congress to retort that he lacks the credentials to talk about inner-party democracy.
;;0.0;;he was speaking at the mid-term review meeting of the governing council of the national skill development mission (nsdc), chaired by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi.
;;0.5719;;our party is taking some more time to release the partys national manifesto as prime ministerial candidate narendramodi is visiting most parts of the country to work out a comprehensive manifesto which can be implemented properly, bjp state spokesperson adip kumar phukan said.
;;0.9231;;shillong, june 11: when prime minister narendramodi broached the save ganga movement in his campaign speeches, he was referring to a widespread gandhian non-violent movement supported by saints and popular social activists across india support of a free ganga.
;;0.0;;he repeated his statements that the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi and congress leaders sonia and rahul were migratory leaders, who were visiting the state only at the time of elections.
;;0.296;;prime minister narendramodi shares a light moment with bjp national president amit shah before his nomination filing ahead of the 2019 general elections, at collector's office in varanasi on friday, april 26, 2019.
;;0.296;;ptithe supreme court on monday agreed to hear on tuesday a plea of congress mp sushmita dev alleging that prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah have been violating the model code of conduct during their campaigning for lok sabha polls.
;;0.5267;;from vadodara to varanasi, narendramodi has become richer by rs 14.
;;0.3818;;the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi on thursday had disclosed total assets worth rs 1.
;;0.4767;;priyanka on friday renewed the allegation that her brother rahul gandhi had earlier made: the gujarat model of development is the one in which thousands of acres of land is given to friends of chief minister narendramodi at throwaway prices.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi during a press conference at the party headquarter in new delhi, friday, may 17, 2019.
;;0.1901;;(pti)in his first appearance at a press conference, prime minister narendramodi asserted in opening remarks that the bjp will come back to power with a full majority on its own, but refused to take any questions, citing party discipline.
;;0.0258;;sources said prime minister narendramodi had asked him to speak in hindi, possibly to reach out to the bjp's heartland base.
;;0.5719;;picture by ub photos shillong, may 26: tura mp conrad kongkal sangma today termed the performance of the nda government led by prime minister narendramodi as excellent.
;;0.8316;;prime minister narendramodi is seen as strong-minded, resolute and purposeful, raising fortified prospects of effective decision-making, policy implementation, economic management and internal security superintendence.
;;-0.3252;;patna, may 9: chief minister nitish kumar today refused to join the issue of educational degrees of prime minister narendramodi and termed it a non-issue, which did not merit his reaction.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi noticed these painting in hazaribagh while inaugurating the station on february 20 last year.
;;0.7269;;13: prime minister narendramodi is set to resurrect a sangh maverick who took a blow to save jaya prakash narayan and later issued an appeal in favour of rajiv gandhi.
;;0.4404;;siliguri, june 2: mamata banerjee has discounted the possibility of an immediate meeting with prime minister narendramodi , wondering aloud if she needed to go to delhi when her party has 42 mps pushing the states case in the capital.
;;0.34;;lalmohan patnaikfile picture of prime minister narendramodi at lingaraj temple during his last visit to odishacuttack: police have planned a three-tier security cover with deployment of 98 platoons ahead of prime minister narendramodi modi's scheduled visit here to address a public meeting on saturday.
;;0.3612;;getting ready: the waterproof pandal being built at killa maidan for prime narendramodi modis rally in cuttack on wednesday.
;;-0.7783;;anshuman phadikarjhargram: bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on thursday demanded a time-bound and thorough probe into the pnb case, seizing on a scam where a billionaire jeweller seen with prime minister narendramodi in davos last month has been named as an accused.
;;0.0;;the 47-year-old jeweller was among those seen with narendramodi at the world economic forum in switzerland in january.
;;0.3612;;the bill, introduced by the narendramodi government, seeks to grant citizenship to non-muslim minorities, namely hindus, sikhs, buddhists, jains, parsis and christians from afghanistan, bangladesh and pakistan.
;;0.3818;;opposing the centre's move, the organisation's president, soneswar kalita, urged prime minister narendramodi and chief minister sarbananda sonowal to bring the state under the sixth schedule to protect the language, culture and identity of its indigenous communities.
;;-0.0258;;the political committee is expected to submit a representation to prime minister narendramodi with a plea for continuation of the process taken up by the upa government to resolve the border dispute by setting up of an indo-myanmar joint boundary commission for resurvey.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondentnarendra modinew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday reprimanded bjp parliamentarians for not replying to his individual messages to them on the namo app.
;;-0.09;;the puzzled mps later discovered that modi had sent messages to them on narendramodi , the official app of the prime minister, but they did not realise it.
;;-0.1531;;you keep appealing for prohibition to prime minister narendramodi , but never to congress leaders sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi despite having an alliance with the party  you are unable to secure the borders of landlocked bihar against smuggling of liquor and blame jharkhand  1.
;;0.6369;;there is extreme love in the heart of prime minister narendramodi for jammu & kashmir.
;;0.7717;;nityanand, speaking in praise of prime minister narendramodi at a function to woo the kanu caste on monday, had said:  unki ore uthne waali ungli ko, uthne waale haath ko.
;;0.4939;;french president emmanuel macron hugs prime minister narendramodi at a ceremonial reception in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.8425;;(picture by prem singh)new delhi: french president emmanuel macron has indicated that france would not have a problem if the narendramodi government shares some details of the rafale deal with the opposition provided the commercial sensitivities of all the parties involved are protected.
;;0.0;;the congress, which accuses the narendramodi government of agreeing to a much higher price than the upa government's negotiated price of rs 526.
;;0.7063;;the narendramodi government has refused so far to share the value of the rafale deal, citing a confidentiality agreement with france signed in 2008 when the upa was in power and valid for 10 years.
;;-0.3818;;the trinamul chief outlined the mission of those seeking to consolidate the national opposition in the fight against the bjp's advance led by prime minister narendramodi and shah.
;;-0.1531;;an eight-member delegation of the sabha will leave for new delhi tomorrow where they will meet prime minister narendramodi , union home minister rajnath singh, hrd minister smiti irani and tribal affairs minister jual oram and apprise them of how dispur has failed to take enough initiatives to improve bodo language and literature.
;;0.1027;;13: prime minister narendramodi has been listed among populist heads of state or government who privilege the declared interests of the majority by international ngo human rights watch in a report on the dangerous rise of populism.
;;-0.8316;;prime minister narendramodi of india tried to shut down critical civic groups as he closed his eyes to intimidation and hate crimes by hindu nationalist groups against religious and ethnic minorities, the article says.
;;0.8271;;the write-up cites some positive developments too: the narendramodi government took steps toward ensuring greater access to financial services such as banking, insurance, and pensions for economically marginalised indians and launched a campaign to make modern sanitation available to more households.
;;0.0;;while the bjd and the congress stepped up their campaign today, a preparatory meeting for gujarat chief minister narendramodi modis february 11 tour to the state has spoiled the day for the bjp.
;;-0.1779;;we are also seriously considering to meet home minister rajnath singh and prime minister narendramodi to appraise them about the ground realities arising out of this militancy, agarwal said.
;;0.4019;;recalling that prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah often speak of a congress-mukt bharat, maken wondered why the bjp leadership had not made their own thought processes congress-free.
;;0.0;;the channel, also called 'content tv', carries the picture of prime minister narendramodi as its logo.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp government are seeking to 'weave a web of lies', perpetuate 'falsehoods' and construct a 'mesh of deception' to 'hoodwink the people of india' in the agusta westland helicopter purchase and its parent company finmeccanica.
;;0.0;;she termed narendramodi a man on a mission and a leader with a plan of action.
;;0.0;;on august 15, prime minister narendramodi will deliver his speech at red fort.
;;0.0;;(shutterstock)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday hinted at the introduction of a gst on completed residential property in a bid to simplify the tax structure for the real estate sector.
;;0.1531;;this is where prime minister narendramodi will perform yoga with over 35,000 participants, including dignitaries and people from all walks of life, on international yoga day on friday, june 21, for an hour from 6.
;;0.0258;;a cardiac ambulance will be parked for emergenciesa cut-out to welcome pm narendramodi (prashant mitra)all matters trafficon thursday, june 20, parking along the road connecting birsa munda airport with raj bhavan is completely off-limits and traffic is banned from 10.
;;0.3089;;the main road of hec township with the yoga venue has over 50 cut-outs of the prime minister narendramodi and chief minister raghubar dasweather bulletina senior weather scientist of the indian meteorology department in ranchi r.s. sharma said rain wouldnt disturb fridays morning programme.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday accused the congress of misleading farmers on loan waiver promises.
;;0.5859;;morcha leaders with modi in new delhi on thursdaydarjeeling, march 23: the gorkha janmukti morcha claimed prime minister narendramodi today expressed his commitment to start the process of creating a separate state of gorkhaland.
;;0.1779;;morcha chief bimal gurung said in a statement: we met prime minister narendramodi with the demand of creating a separate state of gorkhaland.
;;0.0;;the superstar has also been the face of dd kisan, india's first channel exclusively for farmers that was unveiled by prime minister narendramodi in may 2015.
;;0.4019;;10: the latin catholic diocese has urged prime minister narendramodi to visit the cyclone ockhi-affected areas of kerala and treat it as a national calamity, saying the centre had not done enough to handle the situation.
;;0.5106;;nagaland's 60 mlas were scheduled to leave for delhi today to meet prime minister narendramodi and other central leaders to urge them to expedite the peace process.
;;0.7783;;13: prime minister narendramodi modis interaction with students across the country has been appreciated by a tripura teacher, a recipient of this years national award given by the union ministry of human resource development.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi had projected rahul's comment that he was ready to be prime minister if the congress won the 2019 lok sabha elections as an example of his arrogance.
;;0.836;;in appreciation of prime minister narendramodi modis historic launch of the clean india mission under the banner of swachh bharat abhiyan on october 2, m.c. mary kom is supporting this venture by being a part of it, the release said.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi , addressing his last rally in bihar for this lok sabha election, on wednesday harped on his connection with lord krishna in what was seen as an effort to woo yadav voters.
;;0.2263;;they, however, maintain that the sentiment continues to remain buoyant on the expectation that the nda government led by narendramodi could come into power.
;;0.2732;;a brahmin, nauratan pandey, who appears to be a supporter of narendramodi is heard exhorting his rajput fellow villagers: if you vote for rjd it will amount to squandering your vote.
;;0.1531;;last sunday, prime minister narendramodi had spoken of awakening society against evil customs such as the triple talaq to ensure justice for muslim women.
;;-0.6486;;g.s. mudurnarendra modinew delhi: resident doctors at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) here have requested prime minister narendramodi to spend a day with government doctors to understand their difficult working conditions and stress levels.
;;-0.5423;;he then added sarcastically said that prime minister narendramodi must have tied rakhi to the insignificant babool (acacia) tree.
;;0.223;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to address rallies in ranchi and jamshedpur on saturday, fuelling speculation among the bjp and its rivals that, maybe, all is not well for the party that seeks to form a majority government in jharkhand on its own.
;;0.223;;here's the buzz: prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to address rallies in ranchi and jamshedpur on saturday, fuelling speculation among the bjp and its rivals that, maybe, all is not well for the party that seeks to form a majority government in jharkhand on its own.
;;-0.296;;on the bjps charge that there is no alternative in the opposition to prime minister narendramodi , the former bjp leader said: the same was said after nehru, shastri and indira gandhi.
;;-0.959;;telegraph picturespatna/darbhanga: a septuagenarian tea kiosk owner was hacked to death on thursday evening in darbhanga district with his family members claiming he had been murdered for naming a chowk (square) after prime minister narendramodi , but the district authorities blamed the killing on an old dispute over land.
;;0.5106;;the organization also said it had written to prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh informing them of its strong opposition to the bill.
;;0.0;;picture by ub photos itanagar, march 31: narendramodi today projected a humble image by saying that he was not a ruler but a servant of the people while taking jibes at the congress at his first rally in the arunachal pradesh capital.
;;0.0;;in 2016, prime minister narendramodi took the train from pentrich to pietermaritzburg, the same one that the young gandhi was thrown out of in 1893.
;;0.743;;a senior rss functionary said the sangh believes prime minister narendramodi won a clear majority in 2014 only because of hindu consolidation.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi kept a studious silence.
;;0.3612;;high-profile cases like the ayodhya title suit and aadhaar's constitutionality - crucial to the narendramodi government -- are being heard by the cji along with judges who are junior to the quartet.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressing an election campaign rally in karnataka.
;;0.8957;;pti photobangalore, may 7 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on monday hit out at the opposition for opposing technology be it in the form of aadhaar card or evms and said the bharatiya janata party wants to promote a modern india by giving importance to skill development and innovation.
;;0.6249;;the leaders urged prime minister narendramodi to grant scheduled tribe status to adivasis in assam so they can get constitutional safeguard.
;;0.7506;;prime minister narendramodi and supreme court judge a.k. sikri had favoured vermas removal while kharge had dissented.
;;0.0;;the document, 'sankalp patra' (document of resolve), is rooted in reality, jaitley said after prime minister narendramodi released the manifesto.
;;0.0;;20: over 1,000 residents of dhubri town signed a memorandum and sent it to prime minister narendramodi yesterday, urging him to take steps in reopening the western india match company (wimco), which closed down in 1997.
;;0.8316;;in new delhi, prime minister narendramodi expressed concern over the glorification of slain hizbul militant burhan wani in sections of the media and appealed to the people of jammu and kashmir to maintain peace and calm.
;;-0.4404;;the mamata banerjee government has condemned an alleged effort by the centre to inaugurate calcutta high courts circuit bench in jalpaiguri unilaterally during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the district on friday, claiming that it was spending crores on infrastructure and that it had been intimated of the plan at the eleventh hour without being invited.
;;0.0;;addressing a rally here before filing his nomination papers for the gandhinagar lok sabha seat, shah claimed that in prime minister narendramodi , people saw the leader they had been waiting for since the last 70 years.
;;0.0;;in narendramodi , people have found the leader they had been waiting for since the last 70 years, shah said.
;;0.1531;;assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal greets prime minister narendramodi on his arrival at mohanbari airport in dibrugarh on tuesday.
;;-0.3612;;ub photoswhile stressing on transformation of the economy through transportation at the inauguration of bogibeel bridge on tuesday, prime minister narendramodi took several subtle potshots at the opposition congress.
;;0.2716;;more important from the bjp's point of view, the probe would have ensured that prime minister narendramodi did not host choksi at his official residence less than a month later on november 5, 2015, and refer to him in a speech as  hamare mehul bhai.
;;-0.7506;;along with a davos group photograph showing the prime minister and choksi's nephew nirav modi, a video clip showing narendramodi calling choksi our mehul bhai has emerged as the biggest political millstone around the government's neck as it fights the fallout of the biggest banking scam in india.
;;-0.8225;;2: christian leaders today requested prime minister narendramodi to order a judicial inquiry into the suspected arson at a church in delhi and act against hate speeches as well as violence targeting the community.
;;0.0;;vijayvargiya had attached a graphic to the tweet that showed him with a national flag and a message in hindi that referred to prime minister narendramodi and the demonetisation.
;;0.0;;sonowal met prime minister narendramodi in delhi today and discussed issues related to the ministry formation and swearing-in on tuesday.
;;0.4588;;sujatha singh new delhi, july 23: the foreign secretaries of india and pakistan will meet on august 25 in islamabad, ending a two-year chill, for the first substantive diplomatic engagement between the neighbours after prime minister narendramodi invited his pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif to his inaugural ceremony.
;;0.7579;;the meeting comes soon after the hill party claimed that prime minister narendramodi had given a commitment to the morcha to start the process of creating a separate state.
;;0.0;;the committee had earlier sought intervention of prime minister narendramodi and submitted a memorandum on the issue.
;;-0.8402;;since then, prime minister narendramodi and other bjp leaders have continued to seek votes in the name of security personnel killed by militants, and military operations like the september 2016 surgical strikes on cross-border terror launch pads and the february 26 air strikes on balakot, pakistan.
;;0.1779;;20: india has called off a planned stop-over by prime minister narendramodi at janakpur during his nepal tour next week and may cancel visits to lumbini and muktinath amid a tussle between the government and opposition parties in that country over the indian leaders trip.
;;0.6808;;14: india and afghanistan today agreed to deepen defence and security cooperation during key talks between prime minister narendramodi and afghan president ashraf ghani amid a growing convergence between the nations over their ties with pakistan.
;;0.4939;;it was clubbed with footage showing senior bjp leaders and ministers thumping their desks in the rajya sabha on wednesday after prime minister narendramodi responded to chowdhury's guffaw by saying such laughter has been heard for the first time after the ramayana serial.
;;0.5574;;swamy's suggestion: prime minister narendramodi should act on former prime minister p.v. narasimha rao's affidavit in the supreme court to secure the disputed ayodhya plot and build a ram temple.
;;0.3612;;asked if prime minister narendramodi would eventually be positioned as the bjp's mascot and campaign hectically like he did in bihar, a source said: we will see.
;;-0.3182;;the visit included at road bhogdoi bridge project, the delay of which had figured in the speech of prime minister-designate narendramodi during his campaign for jorhat lok sabha seat, which has been wrested by the bjp for the first time.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to roll out his yoga mat amid over 55,000 others in dehradun.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi constituted the council, which was a regular feature in the upa regime, in september last year.
;;0.128;;the yojana is a credit-linked subsidy scheme that prime minister narendramodi had launched in 2015, combining all the existing affordable housing schemes.
;;0.34;;during the lok sabha elections, bjp leader narendramodi had promised bihar pleasantries but the state got nothing.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah were both silent on the verdict on twitter.
;;0.7717;;on december 1, the congress high command, while releasing the party booklet in new delhi, alleged that prime minister narendramodi and his party had gone back on virtually every election promise they made.
;;0.3612;;during the election campaign, narendramodi had promised the people of assam, especially the younger generation, about acchhe din (good days) .
;;0.0;;how can there be acche din when the youth are not given employment as narendramodi wants?
;;-0.0258;;10: the congress today attacked prime minister narendramodi for inducting tainted people into his ministry and accused him of abandoning his clean parliament promise at a time he had adopted the clean india campaign.
;;0.7096;;among the major parties, the bjp has the biggest presence in social media, which is believed to have played an important role in the partys landslide victory in the last general election under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , who has his own team for his social media management.
;;-0.3818;;hearing the same petition, the apex court had also asked the sit to probe the possible involvement of top officials and ministers, including then chief minister narendramodi , in a larger conspiracy.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at the launch of welfare schemes in ranchi on august 21 this year ranchi, nov.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will campaign at two rallies in daltonganj (palamau) and chandwa (latehar), on november 21 for the first phase of assembly polls slated on november 25, and will also make time to campaign in jharkhand for four other phases.
;;-0.34;;separately, the party questioned the silence of prime minister narendramodi and the bjp and wondered how information and broadcasting minister prakash javadekar, the governments spokesperson, could say no comments when asked about such a grave matter.
;;0.0;;7: chief minister nitish kumar has written to prime minister narendramodi seeking immediate cancellation of a clearance given to genetically modified (gm) mustard by a technical sub-committee of the central genetic engineering appraisal committee (geac).
;;0.0;;(reuters)what: bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis pre-election rally in calcuttawhere: brigade parade groundsrally begins: 1pmmodi arrives: 1.
;;0.128;;new delhi, march 18: bjp leaders today said the stamp of prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah appeared to be missing from yogi adityanath's choice as chief minister-designate of uttar pradesh, hinting at a last-minute compromise in the elevation of the saffron-clad politician.
;;0.0516;;as the congress sought a public apology from prime minister narendramodi for trying to trample every institution, after the supreme court order declaring his governments midnight operation to bench alok verma illegal, rahul told journalists outside parliament: the cbi chief has been reinstated.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is currently in nepal.
;;-0.8126;;picture by prem singhnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah lauded each other for the party's historic performance in the northeast on saturday, which has lightened the gloom over the recent by-election setbacks and the bank fraud controversy.
;;-0.0258;;a dissident bjp politician suggested the government had got the agency to file the application only to create a media splash about its claims of new evidence against late prime minister rajiv gandhi, whom prime minister narendramodi recently called bhrashtachari (corrupt) no.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will flag off the broad-gauge train service between delhi and agartala from the national capital on july 31 while union railway minister suresh prabhu and tripura chief minister manik sarkar will flag off the train at agartala railway station, says pti.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , who would address a rally at the same venue on sunday, bardhan said: abhi dilli dur hai.
;;-0.936;;mogherini, a former italian foreign minister, had criticised india at the european parliament in january 2015 for its detention of two italian marines accused of murder, and was blamed by new delhi for scuttling a planned visit by prime minister narendramodi to brussels that year.
;;-0.3071;;23 (pti): congress president rahul gandhi on monday launched a blistering attack on prime minister narendramodi , saying the country could burn, girls may be raped and the rights of scheduled castes and minorities be under a threat, but modi was merely interested in becoming the prime minister again.
;;0.5859;;the scheme was launched in june, after prime minister narendramodi made an appeal to the doctors across the country to provide free antenatal treatment to pregnant women once a day in every month, at a rally in saharanpur, uttar pradesh, in may.
;;0.3182;;the original march 31, 2017, deadline was set by prime minister narendramodi in his november 8 televised address announcing the demonetisation decision.
;;0.6124;;the tide again began to turn in 2012, when the madras high court permitted foreign lawyers to advice on foreign law on a fly-in fly-out basis for the purpose of giving legal advice to their clients in india, kumar said adding: bar council of india chairman mishra had last year written a letter to prime minister narendramodi and union law minister ravi shankar prasad saying that some bureaucrats in the law ministry as well as the commerce ministry were trying to 'usurp functions of the bar council of india' by bringing in foreign law firms through the back door.
;;-0.0516;;on the other hand, in an election rally in rangiya in lower assam this evening, gogoi said there was no difference between narendramodi and badruddin ajmal.
;;0.0;;gogois assertion on muslim votes came a day ahead of the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi and congress vice-president rahul gandhi visiting assam to address election rallies in different places for the polls scheduled to be held on april 24.
;;0.0;;bhoi honourbhubaneswar: prime minister narendramodi on friday felicitated odisha mountaineer jogabyasa bhoi in new delhi.
;;0.4404;;apprime minister narendramodi thanked the country in the evening in a tweet, as he should.
;;-0.8402;;anandiben, perceived to be close to prime minister narendramodi , is expected to strike a rapport with madhya pradesh's patidars, who have been feeling restless since the june 2017 police firing in which eight farmers belonging to the community were killed.
;;0.6908;;indian prime minister narendramodi also greeted the people of bangladesh on their independence day, saying india would always stand with them in the struggle for peace, security and development in the region.
;;0.0;;11: the narendramodi government has decided to offer a token nod to the nehrus in its elaborate homage to 69 years of indian independence.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi flagged off the celebrations from bhabra in a remote corner of madhya pradesh because chandrashekhar azad was born there.
;;-0.4215;;this was the primary reason that prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah broke with their practice of not naming chief ministerial candidates and projected dhumal as the party's man to lead the state.
;;0.0;;he wants to meet prime minister narendramodi in delhi in the second week of june before winding up his mission.
;;0.25;;(kundan yolmo) bagdogra, march 12: bimal gurung today said bhaichung bhutia, the trinamul candidate for darjeeling, wouldnt garner more than 15,000 votes in the hills and the comprehensive development of bengal was possible only if narendramodi became the prime minister.
;;-0.4767;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi joined the chorus today, saying in his letter to manmohan singh that the nctc notification is an attack on the rights of states and should be immediately annulled.
;;0.0;;on his target for 2018, he said, prime minister narendramodi has given the call for new india.
;;0.7096;;party sources said gujarat chief minister narendramodi , the bjps mascot for 2014, had taken a lot of initiative to get his old friend back in time for the lok sabha polls.
;;-0.2732;;chidambaram senior has been a vocal critic of prime minister narendramodi and current finance minister arun jaitley.
;;0.899;;but we do want a stable government and strong leader like narendramodi as pm.
;;0.34;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , chief minister naveen patnaik today said: the nature of industrial activities in the state requires a robust and well-planned railway infrastructure for its sustainability.
;;-0.2023;;the ec, however, said it was unaware of prime minister narendramodi modis speech in maharashtras wardha on monday putting a communal spin on congress chief rahul gandhis decision to contest the wayanad lok sabha seat in kerala in addition to amethi in uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;batra said he had cited prime minister narendramodi modis upcoming us visit and advised krittika and her family that a just resolution of the case would be an appropriate move to enhance the bilateral relationship.
;;0.1027;;recalling his recent meeting with niti aayog in delhi, which was chaired by prime minister narendramodi , khandu said the prime minister had categorically sought the status report of all flagship programmes, which he has to submit within 20 days.
;;0.34;;imran ahmed siddiqui and muzaffar rainanew delhi/srinagar: union home minister rajnath singh is likely to push for an extension of the ceasefire in jammu and kashmir beyond ramazan and will take the final call after meeting prime minister narendramodi in delhi upon returning from the valley, sources in the security establishment have told the telegraph.
;;0.0;;the prime minister's office today confirmed that narendramodi would not be inaugurating the commission's 11th convention on monday but did not mention any reason.
;;0.0;;according to the mla, the company had set up a string of solar power projects in gujarat when narendramodi was chief minister.
;;-0.2263;;ranchi, june 3: godda mp nishikant dubey of the bjp has shot off a letter to prime minister narendramodi , demanding that six districts in santhal pargana region be brought under the umbrella of integrated action plan (iap)  a centrally sponsored project to build infrastructure in naxalism-affected areas.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit japan from august 31 to september 3 and the us from september 26 to october 1.
;;-0.743;;priyanka, the congress general secretary for eastern uttar pradesh, in an interview to pti spoke about the growing public anger and pain for which the people of india will give a message to prime minister narendramodi on may 23 when the lok sabha election votes are counted.
;;0.0;;12: an assembly committee today decided to meet prime minister narendramodi by this month end to seek his intervention in the polavaram (indira sagar) irrigation project of andhra pradesh  which is likely to submerge some parts of odisha.
;;0.4767;;law minister ravi shankar prasad said the decision to remove the former gujarat governor, who had several run-ins with narendramodi when he was chief minister, was in accordance with constitutional principles and approval of president pranab mukherjee.
;;0.2732;;those who dare criticize narendramodi - the bharatiya janata party leader, giriraj singh, would have sent them off to pakistan - exploded in outrage at the sight of mr modi, apparently in m.k. gandhi's usual pose although not actually so, seated before a modern charka, towering over women to whom he had gifted the instrument, who were in turn surrounded by huge smiling images of their patron lighting up the walls.
;;-0.4019;;in the presence of the chief minister, narendramodi had on wednesday said if he wanted he could make bihar assembly speaker and jd(u) candidate from jamui, uday narayan chaudhary, lose his deposit in the polls.
;;0.4939;;on friday, narendramodi heaped praised on nitish and claimed he had it in him to be prime minister.
;;0.7003;;addressing the media at the party office, narendramodi focused on attacking bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi and praising the chief minister.
;;-0.6124;;the bjp has forgotten veteran leaders like ataj bihari vajpayee, syamaprasad mookerjea and deendayal upadhyaya and is busy projecting murderer narendramodi , responsible for the loss of several lives after the godhra episode, narendramodi said.
;;0.5859;;sources in the jd(u) said the party has agreed to pick a candidate suggested by narendramodi for the sheohar lok sabha seat, earlier offered to sabir ali, who has now joined the bjp.
;;0.5994;;swamy joined the bjp soon afterwards in 2013 and he has been one of the bjps most visible spokesmen through this election season, a regular in news televisions panel discussions and a trenchant champion of narendramodi modis gujarat model.
;;0.128;;the eager media consensus that sees narendramodi and subramanian swamy as agents of economic rationality and indian muslims as paranoid dead-enders is a grotesque inversion of indias political reality.
;;-0.4784;;new delhi, may 2: expelled bjp leader jaswant singh today ruled out joining a bjp-led nda government even if invited back to the fold, saying narendramodi modis cabinet would not be like atal bihari vajpayees.
;;0.7227;;he did not name bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi but said he did not expect the same atmosphere in the new pmo if the nda won power.
;;0.0;;she had sparked a controversy by clicking a dualfie with prime minister narendramodi when he visited mulayam's ancestral village of saifai in february 2015 to attend a family ceremony.
;;-0.91;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on sunday accused mayawati of shedding crocodile tears over the alleged gang rape of a dalit woman in rajasthan, prompting the bahujan samaj party chief to chastise him for dirty politics.
;;0.0;;the inaugural events of prakash parv had been organised in january this year in which prime minister narendramodi had taken part.
;;-0.6908;;apa pakistani lawmaker from prime minister imran khans party has met top indian leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , as islamabad started backdoor contacts with new delhi to defuse tensions between the two sides in the wake of the pulwama terror attack.
;;-0.1027;;our special correspondentnew delhi: the congress continued to attack prime minister narendramodi for running away from parliament even as government sources indicated on wednesday that the winter session would be held from december 15 to january 5.
;;0.4939;;releasing lal nadi, neele pahar (red river, blue mountains), written in hindi by senior journalist-writer ravishankar ravi, sonowal said the recently concluded namami brahmaputra festival was an event designed to take forward the act east policy, which is a focus area of prime minister narendramodi to expedite the development of the northeast.
;;0.5719;;14: prime minister narendramodi is set to celebrate his birthday later this week by distributing aids to people with disabilities at a gathering officials said would be the country's biggest such camp for the differently abled.
;;0.0;;25 lakh crore announced for bihar by prime minister narendramodi ahead of the 2015 assembly elections to allege it was nothing but a political stunt.
;;0.701;;expressing his grief, prime minister narendramodi said he was extremely saddened by the passing away of my valued colleague and friend and described him as a remarkable leader, who entered public life at a young age and went on to serve society with utmost diligence and compassion.
;;0.0;;kumar had been in the inner circle of the central leadership of the bjp  be it during the heydays of atal bihari vajpayee or l.k. advani and now narendramodi modi.
;;0.3612;;shrugging criticism of the likes of prime minister narendramodi , who had described his government as soi hui sarkar (a government in deep slumber) in 2016, naveen had made clear that he would go ahead on the path of development.
;;-0.296;;new delhi, may 27: attorney-general g.e. vahanvati and solicitor-general mohan parasaran today sent their resignations to prime minister narendramodi , setting in motion the race for the coveted posts under the new dispensation.
;;0.7996;;embroiled in an assets case, he is more interested in strengthening his bond with prime minister narendramodi than building his political future.
;;-0.25;;activists burn narendramodi modis effigy in nagaon on saturday to protest against the citizenship bill.
;;-0.3818;;we also condemn prime minister narendramodi modis statement that the bill will be passed soon.
;;-0.5267;;new delhi, april 6: prime minister narendramodi wrote to bengal chief minister mamata banerjee to persuade her to visit delhi during bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina's trip, but his government does not expect any immediate breakthrough on the teesta waters dhaka desperately wants.
;;-0.3182;;picture by prem singhrahul gandhi on wednesday indicated that the congress strategy for the lok sabha polls will be woven around four themes  prime minister narendramodi modis failure to deliver, a welfare state, the unsuitability of the rss vision and crony capitalism.
;;0.6124;;courtesy callranchi: governor droupadi murmu on tuesday called on prime minister narendramodi in delhi in a courtesy visit.
;;-0.5106;;silchar, june 29: the central committee members of young mizo association, the largest ngo in the state, has expressed disappointment over the silence of prime minister narendramodi to their invitation for the celebration of the 30th anniversary of the mizoram accord tomorrow.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi says rajiv gandhi was bhrashtachari number 1.
;;0.0;;arunachal pradesh chief minister kalikho pul with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.7184;;picture by ranju dodum itanagar, may 5: arunachal pradesh chief minister kalikho pul has been able to secure rs 66 crore from prime minister narendramodi to help with rehabilitation and reconstruction for the state, which has been recently affected by natural calamities.
;;0.0;;picture by ptimamata banerjee on monday said she was unable to receive prime minister narendramodi modis calls made to her office as she was then camping at kharagpur to closely monitor the possible advent of cyclone fani in the state.
;;-0.5267;;go and tell narendramodi that he has been lying.
;;0.7003;;subhashish mohantybhubaneswar: an assembly committee will seek a fresh appointment with prime minister narendramodi to consider odisha's demand to increase the minimum support price for paddy.
;;0.0;;if they are so concerned about the farmers, prime minister narendramodi should discuss the issue with us, bahinipati said.
;;0.0;;but he hinted that prime minister narendramodi may have personally conveyed india's position to guterres when they met in st. petersburg earlier this month.
;;0.128;;rahul gandhinew delhi: congress president rahul gandhi today wrote to prime minister narendramodi , demanding a comprehensive special financial package for kerala, tamil nadu and lakshadweep for the rehabilitation of the families of fishermen who lost their lives because of cyclone ockhi.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi has written to dutch prime minister mark rutte and malaysian prime minister najib razak expressing his anguish.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit washington in september.
;;0.3818;;in an apparent reference to prime minister narendramodi , he said, people have called your bluff and understood your hollow promises.
;;0.2023;;the endeavour comes in the backdrop of a significant phase in indo-china relations when both prime minister narendramodi and chief minister mamata banerjee are travelling to china this month.
;;0.0;;it said that just 17 days before prime minister narendramodi announced the deal to buy 36 rafales in flyaway condition, dassault ceo eric trappier had said a contract finalisation and signature would come very soon.
;;0.5106;;despite this public admission by the foreign secretary, prime minister shri narendramodi unilaterally announced off-the-shelf purchase of 36 rafale aircraft in paris on 10th april, 2015, and bypassed psu hal in favour of reliance defence, the release said.
;;0.2732;;15: rahul gandhi's obsessive focus on prime minister narendramodi during his kisan yatra in uttar pradesh indicates the congress may be primarily interested in blocking the bjp's ascent to power in the key state rather than fighting the samajwadi party and the bahujan samaj party.
;;-0.9153;;he tweeted that the murder had taken place owing to a land dispute and the murdered man had put up a signboard of prime minister narendramodi two years ago.
;;-0.5994;;letter to pm malkangiri (pti): a 10-year-old boy has written to prime minister narendramodi appealing for help laid bare the desperation of the villagers in odisha's malkangiri district after 73 children died in the outbreak of japanese encephalitis.
;;0.9042;;recently, a phone conversation between prime minister narendramodi and a bjp supporter in vadodara was leaked to boost the outreach campaign and send out a message that the party leadership cares for its grassroots supporters.
;;0.2732;;we have invited prime minister narendramodi to be our chief guestany expansion plans for iit(ism)we are looking for 400 acres of land at nirsa for executing expansion plans that include setting up centres for renewable energy, geophysical technology, climate change study, nuclear science & engineering, robotics, etcwhat other plans?
;;0.5574;;bhubaneswar, april 27: police today traced babula panda, the grandson of late freedom fighter laxmi indira panda, who had gone missing after being felicitated by prime minister narendramodi on april 16, from a private hospital here.
;;0.6705;;veteran actress saira banu has made a fresh appeal to prime minister narendramodi , begging of him to save her husband and thespian dilip kumars house from an alleged land shark out on bail.
;;0.0;;slamming the bjp, mamata a lleged that prime minister narendramodi was trying to divide bengal.
;;-0.2732;;train journeys between dibrugarh and delhi will be cut short by three hours if a train is introduced on the route, as mentioned by prime minister narendramodi during the inauguration of the bogibeel bridge on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(pti) new delhi, july 28: prime minister narendramodi today asked the niti aayog to chart out a 15-year development plan with state involvement.
;;-0.3612;;the telegraph file picturethe congress on monday hailed the temporary campaign curbs on yogi adityanath and mayawati but set the election commission a higher bar for fairness and fearlessness, demanding similar action against habitual offenders narendramodi and amit shah.
;;-0.4588;;we hope the election commission will be even-handed and punish the habitual offenders (prime minister) narendramodi and (bjp president) amit shah.
;;0.2023;;the bjp national executive meeting in bhubaneshwar is schedule on april 15-16 - in which the party's top leaders, including prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, will take part.
;;0.8402;;whoever is committed to the leadership of narendramodi and party chief amit shah are welcome to join us.
;;0.8106;;9: narendramodi today appeared to have bearded sharad pawar in his den, baramati, a seat the nationalist congress party chief first won in 1967 as a congressman and has never lost since.
;;0.6124;;may 2: bjp national president rajnath singh today iterated his promise of a special financial package for bengal if the nda came to power, extending the olive branch to mamata banerjee at a time narendramodi has stepped up the heat on the bengal chief minister.
;;0.0;;the ins vikramaditya, during prime minister narendramodi modis day at sea yesterday, was mostly quiet but for the chop-chop of seaking and dhruv helicopters landing and taking off according to a ceremonial timetable.
;;0.0;;last month, a team from maruti suzuki, led by suzuki motor chairman osamu suzuki, maruti suzuki chairman r.c. bhargava and managing director shinzo nakanishi met gujarat chief minister narendramodi and state government officials.
;;0.6124;;there is also the possibility of some regional parties moving to the bjp to help it sew up a weak coalition without prime minister narendramodi at its head, like in the case of atal bihari vajpayees nda that included the desam and trinamul.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , for a change, is refraining from putting his image at stake in these three states.
;;0.743;;with prime minister narendramodi and his australian counterpart malcolm turnbull agreeing to expand the scale and scope of india-australia trade and economic co-operation, the two countries are exploring new opportunities.
;;0.0;;mp takes modi cue new delhi, june 1 (pti): bjp mp priyanka singh rawat has removed her father as representative in her constituency following a direction from prime minister narendramodi who had asked his ministers not to appoint any relative in their personal staff.
;;-0.6908;;new delhi, april 25: the congress today declined to be a goody-goody opposition and stepped up heat on prime minister narendramodi over corruption and the murder of democracy, kicking up a din in both houses of parliament.
;;0.0;;i will contest against prime minister narendramodi from varanasi as an independent, tej bahadur yadav told reporters in rewari, haryana, on friday.
;;-0.2023;;(prem singh)a bsf constable who was dismissed in 2017 after he posted a video online complaining about substandard food served to troops has said he will take on prime minister narendramodi in the varanasi lok sabha seat.
;;0.0;;i will contest against prime minister narendramodi from varanasi as an independent, tej bahadur yadav told reporters in rewari, haryana, on friday.
;;-0.6705;;a few days after bora's arrest, officer-in-charge of lakhipur police station in cachar district, naba kumar borah, was suspended for allegedly posting objectionable remarks on facebook against prime minister narendramodi and assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondentnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi inaugurated a sea ferry service and several other projects on sunday during his fifth visit in a month to gujarat ahead of assembly elections in december.
;;0.3818;;the narendramodi government knows that unless it has a cogent strategy, further internationalization can compromise the core of its global agenda, which is focused on economic and social development.
;;-0.1779;;(pti)congress chief rahul gandhi on tuesday said prime minister narendramodi has failed to fulfil the promises made during the past five years.
;;0.5267;;powered by narendramodi modis personal charisma and whirlwind campaign, the sena-bjp alliance decimated the cong-ncp alliance in the general election, winning 42 of the 48 lok sabha seats in the state.
;;0.8828;;crediting modi alone for the spectacular nda victory, raj today said: the bjp or its allies were elected only in the name of narendramodi i congratulate narendramodi on his win, particularly for winning the polls without any crutches (allies) which has lately become the norm in national politics.
;;-0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi has been criticising the coalition of opposition forces as contaminated (mahamilawati) and portraying himself as the lone warrior against the group, overlooking the indisputable reality that the bjp heads a much bigger combination than the congress.
;;0.0;;our correspondentpatna: the rjd on monday took a dig at prime minister narendramodi over the gujarat election results, claiming it was a victory of the congress and not the bjp.
;;0.0;;in separate letters to each minister/parliamentary secretary in-charge, khandu said in the third governing council meeting of the niti aayog, chaired by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on april 23, the status of implementation and issues of all centrally-sponsored schemes and projects of the state were discussed.
;;0.25;;a child plays with a watergun designed with a picture of narendramodi in patna city on monday.
;;0.8481;;fancy and attractive pichkaris bearing photos of politicians are in great demand, specially saffron-coloured ones bearing bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis photo and the party symbol.
;;0.4404;;however, this time there is wave in favour of narendramodi so we decided to sell them in his name.
;;0.5423;;21: police have stepped up security measures and asked tea and oil sectors to adhere to certain advisories ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis proposed visit to assam next week, especially in view of ulfa (i)s heightened activity in the state.
;;0.0;;k.m. rakeshnarendra modibangalore: prime minister narendramodi on sunday asked rahul gandhi to learn patriotism from a breed of dogs in north karnataka.
;;0.4404;;the discussion on the motion of thanks to the president's address could not be wrapped up and prime minister narendramodi is now expected to speak on wednesday.
;;0.0;;k.m. rakeshthe lalitha mahal palace hotelbangalore: an iconic luxury hotel in mysore could not accommodate prime minister narendramodi and his entourage as the booking request was made too late and a wedding group had already taken most of the facility.
;;0.7096;;since there is a rashtriya swayamsevak sangh member as president (ram nath kovind), narendramodi as prime minister and yogi as chief minister, we believe this is the time a law is enacted in parliament to fulfil our dream of having a magnificent ram temple in ayodhya, suresh das told reporters after meeting adityanath.
;;0.3182;;18: the bjp state unit executive body today remembered jharkhand soldiers who died in uri, congratulated prime minister narendramodi for isolating pakistan and praised the raghubar das-led state government for maintaining social harmony during back-to-back dussehra and muharram.
;;0.0;;we congratulated prime minister narendramodi for isolating pakistan on different global forums, prakash said.
;;0.6124;;visva-bharati has decided to write to prime minister narendramodi , the chancellor of the central university, seeking his help to organise the pous mela, less than a week after it decided to dissociate itself from the fair.
;;-0.4404;;the national register of citizens (nrc) and the citizenship bill are two lollipops being doled out by prime minister narendramodi to fool the people of assam, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee said on friday.
;;-0.5423;;(pti)kullu/palampur: prime minister narendramodi has said that effigy-burning would not deter him from the fight against corruption and black money, alluding to the congress's call for protests on november 8, the first anniversary of the demonetisation.
;;-0.296;;it was a pity that the scheme, which was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on september 22 with much fanfare by the centre and the bjp, was not operating, he said.
;;0.34;;my son was excited when narendramodi became prime minister.
;;-0.5719;;nazrul islam guwahati, april 12: the election commission today issued a showcause notice to assams cabinet minister nazrul islam for an alleged hate speech against bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi during an election rally last month.
;;-0.765;;sources said the action against singh, who has since been readmitted, was taken under pressure from narendramodi , who had warned that singhs laudatory allusions to the founder of pakistan had angered gujaratis.
;;0.0;;it recently wrote to prime minister narendramodi , seeking haats in golokganjs border villages.
;;0.2732;;sanjay k. jhanew delhi: the congress alleged on tuesday that prime minister narendramodi had placed political rivals under surveillance and was using all kinds of tricks to intimidate them as winning elections was his sole objective.
;;0.6908;;these factors made me join the bjp and follow prime minister narendramodi modis ideals to build a clean bharat.
;;0.4215;;subrat dasaditya prasad padhibhubaneswar: ahead of his odisha visit on saturday, prime minister narendramodi on friday reviewed the progress of projects under atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut), public distribution system and railway projects.
;;-0.1027;;(pti) jawaharlal nehru students' union (jnusu) president kanhaiya kumar on wednesday questioned the credibility of degrees and certificates of prime minister narendramodi and union human resource development minister smriti irani.
;;0.0;;discovery channel on monday confirmed that prime minister narendramodi was filmed in the jim corbett national park in uttarakhand for the survival show man vs wild.
;;0.1531;;the state bjps official twitter handle did not react to the verdict although it posted tweets on other subjects and re-tweeted messages from prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah.
;;0.0;;these are indeed victories of narendramodi and amit shah.
;;0.4939;;these results have proved that common people feel the country is safe in the hands of narendramodi and amit shah, said chief minister raghubar das, adding that even the so-called controversial demonetisations decision too had been unanimously accepted.
;;-0.34;;sharma has stressed the date of the circular, issued by the chemicals and fertilisers ministry on the eve of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to america.
;;0.0;;our correspondentvantage point: chief minister raghubar das inspects the venue at baliapur in dhanbad on wednesday where prime minister narendramodi will lay the foundation of various projects on friday.
;;0.5267;;picture by gautam deyranchi: prime minister narendramodi will lay the foundation of projects worth rs 27,000 crore, including a rs 2,840-crore domestic natural gas pipeline project, during his whirlwind tour of jharkhand on friday.
;;-0.8555;;sonowal guwahati, july 16: assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal today urged prime minister narendramodi to equip the police force in the state with latest gadgets, weapons and technology to counter the increasing challenges and threat of terror.
;;0.3612;;two new lines  dudhnoi to mendipathar and harmuti to naharlagun  are ready for inauguration and i will request prime minister narendramodi to give a date to inaugurate the two projects.
;;0.0;;on january 4 and 5, the niti aayog organised a programme in new delhi for the selected 115 districts and prime minister narendramodi addressed the district collectors.
;;0.5574;;picture by hardeep singhranchi: on the first anniversary of demonetisation, the state bjp's tourism cell put up a giant hoarding at harmu chowk featuring prime minister narendramodi as an epic hero, resembling ram, and a 10-headed ravan lookalike demon, symbolising black money and corruption.
;;0.4939;;11: students of army public school, shillong, undertook a mass awareness drive today on the clean india campaign, which was launched by prime minister narendramodi on october 2.
;;0.4019;;while shah made the announcement in delhi, prime minister narendramodi hit out at the mahagatbandhan for the 2019 lok sabha polls, calling it an unholy alliance of various political parties for personal survival.
;;0.4019;;5: the manipur pcc has shrugged off the scheduled visit by bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi to imphal to campaign for the party, as an exercise in futility.
;;0.5719;;civil aviation is a sunrise sector, i have a big responsibility to help take air travel to the middle class, which is a dream of prime minister narendramodi , jayant told the telegraph at circuit house this evening.
;;0.0;;on monday, iit-patna students listened to prime minister narendramodi over video conference from new delhi during the 75th foundation day of council of scientific and industrial research.
;;-0.2263;;during the imphal meet the unc team also submitted a copy of its memorandum sent to prime minister narendramodi on september 2, demanding, among others, imposition of presidents rule in manipur.
;;0.4404;;socialist visvanathan opened the batting in favour of the motion by comparing the governance models of narendramodi , rahul gandhi and nitish kumar.
;;-0.7003;;taking a step towards removing the gag the party had imposed on itself during a period of national mourning  even though prime minister narendramodi continued his shrill campaign, using government platforms  the congress on monday spoke out against attacks on kashmiris in different parts of the country.
;;0.5859;;16: the jdu today ruled out defending chief minister jitan ram manjhi and his controversial statements, especially the remark about supporting narendramodi if his government accorded special status to bihar.
;;0.6597;;he has only repeated what sushil kumar modi did when he took pot shots at the jdu by asking if nitish would support narendramodi should the bjp government at the centre accord special status to bihar, said a senior jdu leader.
;;0.6124;;then, he questioned the morality of women whose husbands work outside the state and now his statement about support to narendramodi if bihar is given special status.
;;0.0;;bjps ranchi candidate cp singh (centre) and the partys state election co-in-charge bhupendra yadav (second from left) on sunday inspect morabadi grounds in ranchi, where prime minister narendramodi is likely to address an election rally on november 29.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi with bjp leaders at the bjp parliamentary party meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.8591;;6 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on tuesday dubbed the bjp's win over the left in tripura a victory of ideology and said the party needs to work hard to maintain its winning electoral streak, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar told reporters.
;;0.4215;;a 25km link to katra from udhampur is set to be commissioned on friday with prime minister narendramodi flagging off the first train on the route, considered an engineering marvel with 10 tunnels that together make up almost half the distance, udhampur is already connected from jammu, 53km away, by rail.
;;0.0258;;16: chief minister narendramodi yesterday launched a scathing attack on the state congress, saying the opposition party wanted to take gujarat back to the 18th century.
;;0.296;;11: prime minister narendramodi today launched a village-development scheme that would see members of parliament adopt one each and turn it around with funds from multiple sources before the chosen gram panchayat becomes a bottom-to-top model for others.
;;-0.5267;;rahul had said on january 2  after the congress had released the purported tape  that parrikar was blackmailing and threatening prime minister narendramodi because the goa chief minister had all the information on the rafale deal.
;;-0.5719;;picture by prem singhnew delhi: the congress on monday alleged that prime minister narendramodi managed to ward off defeat in gujarat by inventing a sympathy factor and skirting questions on development and governance, appearing combative and far from dejected as the results came in.
;;-0.6597;;(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi has penned a book advising students how to battle exam stress, complete with tips on yoga and pranayama.
;;0.0;;in guwahati, needs, a local ngo, said today that they would approach president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi urging them to take the initiative to set up fast-track courts for cases related to deposit-collection companies.
;;0.4404;;new delhi, july 29: after the samajwadi party, narendramodi has succeeded in embarrassing the congress and team anna.
;;0.6124;;gujarat beckonsgujarat chief minister narendramodi today welcomed maruti suzukis decision to set up a plant in the state, saying it would accelerate the growth of the states automobile sector.
;;-0.296;;the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi is also expected to campaign here, though no dates have yet been finalised.
;;-0.4939;;during his brief interaction with the media, lalu termed prime minister narendramodi as an arrogant man and said he would have to face the consequences of scrapping haj subsidy.
;;0.0;;a rs 50-crore package was announced by prime minister narendramodi for the vikramshila university before the assembly elections in 2015.
;;0.5994;;2: a journalist has refused to accept an award from prime minister narendramodi , saying indian journalism has been under siege.
;;0.2732;;the people have accepted prime minister narendramodi as their leader.
;;0.4404;;18: supporters of gujarat chief minister narendramodi in bihar today sought to make their presence felt at the bjps function here to formalise the election of mangal pandey as the partys bihar chief.
;;0.4588;;referring to the cancellation of a dinner by chief minister nitish kumar for the top bjp leaders, including modi, in june 2010, the outgoing bjp state president, c.p. thakur, said narendramodi should visit bihar as his feast was still due.
;;0.0;;8: chief minister narendramodi will embark on a month-long rath yatra from september 11, three months ahead of assembly polls in gujarat.
;;0.4019;;(pti)congress general secretary priyanka gandhi, who had equated prime minister narendramodi with duryodhan, on wednesday got support from rjd leader rabri devi.
;;0.7003;;17 of ranchi is grappling with arsenic poisoning, courtesy contaminated drinking water, and their only atom of hope is prime minister narendramodi modis promise to provide safe drinking water in the nations 17,995 habitations by march 2017.
;;-0.0129;;new delhi, june 2: india has formally applied to join the nuclear suppliers group (nsg), a critical export control club, and today highlighted its non-proliferation credentials, but questions prime minister narendramodi faces from members next week point to potholes that still litter its path.
;;0.0;;the sculpture features prime minister narendramodi along with us president donald trump, chinese president xi jinping, russian president vladimir putin, and north korean leader kim jong-un.
;;-0.2732;;from prime minister narendramodi to india's lone individual olympic gold-medallist abhinav bindra, congratulatory messages poured in from all corners for thangavelu and bhati.
;;0.4201;;the rjd totally supports the two no-confidence motions against the narendramodi government moved in the lok sabha by the tdp and ysrc (ysr congress), the rjd leader said in the assembly on friday.
;;0.0;;why cannot nitish ji meet prime minister narendramodi with an all-party delegation?
;;-0.3818;;he has taken his battle with the bjp that is under the stewardship of prime minister narendramodi too far and is left with few options to rule bihar without the rjd.
;;0.0;;25: prime minister narendramodi will connect to meghalayas garo hills on saturday via video conference as he flags off rail connectivity to the region.
;;-0.6808;;there was a spectacular overdose of cosmopolitan outrage when prime minister narendramodi berated the lack of even-handedness in uttar pradesh under akhilesh yadav, using the partiality towards new kabristans as an example.
;;-0.6862;;our special correspondentnew delhi: congress president rahul gandhi said on tuesday that prime minister narendramodi did not show respect to his guru, l.k. advani, even at public programmes, arguing that such insensitivity was not in tune with india's religion and culture.
;;0.0;;guwahati, april 12: for the second day running, the assam congress trained its guns on bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi modis marital status.
;;-0.4588;;chief minister tarun gogoi had attacked narendramodi at a rally here on friday, making an oblique reference to modis marriage.
;;-0.0772;;pti photonew delhi: the camera, which prime minister narendramodi has used to good effect to build himself up into brand modi, turned on him on thursday when an official photograph showed him sharing space with bank fraud accused nirav modi.
;;0.5267;;verma had been removed as cbi director on january 10 after the three-member panel of prime minister narendramodi , justice sikri  the cjis representative at the selection committee meeting  and opposition leader mallikarjun kharge had arrived at a 2:1 decision to sack verma.
;;0.4215;;agrawal, who till recently had been making controversial comments against the bjp and even the rss, showered praise on prime minister narendramodi , amit shah and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;-0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi , who, spoke to patnaik and discussed the prevailing situation in the aftermath of fani's landfall, is likely to visit the affected areas either on sunday or monday, cmo sources said.
;;-0.7506;;the move comes less than a fortnight after us vice-president mike pence had a meeting with prime minister narendramodi in singapore, during which he is believed to have himself raised this issue and rued that even 10 years after the mumbai terrorist attack, its perpetrators have not been brought to justice.
;;0.1531;;allahabad, june 13: prime minister narendramodi today told the bjp's national executive that people were no longer satisfied merely with slogans.
;;-0.5722;;the state leaders, however, have conveyed to the central leadership that the campaign cannot be energized by narendramodi alone.
;;-0.1695;;a bjp flag at a rally by prime minister narendramodi in jammu on thursday picture by ptifootnotethe election commission does not allow any sort of canvassing within 200 metres of polling booths on voting day.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi on monday said the country was only a few steps away from breaking into the top 50 nations on the world banks ease of doing business ranking.
;;0.7227;;but the man best positioned to lead an indian counter, prime minister narendramodi , appeared unaware of the enormity of the challenge, twice referring to outdated statistics and not once to the new reality during his visit to kenya, the region's largest economy, that culminated yesterday.
;;0.0;;at the six-day meeting starting from february 16, rss cadres are also expected to gather feedback on what people think about the narendramodi government at the centre and the yogi adityanath administration in uttar pradesh.
;;0.128;;narendra modi new delhi, may 4: prime minister narendramodi will fly this coming month to germany and spain, both led by governments that are among the strongest backers of the european union, in a subtle show of support to the bloc at a time it faces an existential crisis.
;;0.5859;;speaking at the seminar, mizoram chief minister lal thanhawla said, the seminar assumes special significance with recent renewed efforts being made by the prime minister narendramodi in reviving india's 'look east' policy through its new 'act east' directions.
;;-0.6705;;5: narendramodi today launched a blistering attack on a possible third front, saying such an alliance would make india a third rate country and people should banish them from politics forever.
;;0.0;;woh atmkatha likh rahe hain (he  read narendramodi  is living in his own make-believe world.
;;0.0;;bagga, who recently joined the bjp, flaunts a photograph with prime minister narendramodi on his twitter account.
;;-0.7269;;bengal chief minister and all india trinamool congress chief mamata banerjee on friday again dared prime minister narendramodi to arrest assam cabinet minister himanta biswa sarma for his alleged involvement in the multi-crore rupee saradha deposit-collection scam.
;;-0.4767;;i dare prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah to have him arrested.
;;0.7717;;16: narendramodi today played the discrimination card in jammu, urging voters to ensure they didnt give any seat to the parties that claim the bjp would draw a blank in the valley.
;;0.4939;;congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday took to twitter and pleaded with prime minister narendramodi to save the miners.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi heads the appointments committee.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi wished him a bright future.
;;0.3182;;mallikarjun kharge, the lone dissenting member on the three-member panel and a congress veteran, had also asked prime minister narendramodi to make public the minutes of the meeting, a vigilance report on the basis of which verma was removed and a report by justice a.k. patnaik who oversaw the vigilance probe.
;;0.4939;;telegraph picture paradip, may 24: a life-saving donation to the state from prime minister narendramodi has not been used to save lives yet.
;;0.765;;terming narendramodi a solution for all ills, the party chief said his development agenda with focus on agriculture growth was equally suited for bihars development.
;;0.0;;road construction minister nand kishore yadav said other major projects that will take off in 2018 include the six-lane bridge in mokama for which prime minister narendramodi has laid the foundation stone, and another bridge parallel to gandhi setu.
;;0.0;;prem said the department is working on the chief ministers one product of bihar in every food plate in india and prime minister narendramodi modis appeal for a green revolution in eastern india.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi is garlanded by party workers in bikaner, rajasthan on friday.
;;0.4019;;ptiprime minister narendramodi on saturday called the congress a vote-katwa (vote splitter) party that will soon witness its downfall.
;;0.4019;;jd(u) national spokesperson k.c. tyagi had announced his partys support to the aap against bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi and declared that jd(u) leaders would campaign for kejriwal in varanasi.
;;0.7178;;the minister said prime minister narendramodi was now accepted as the most trustworthy leader on the global platform.
;;-0.4588;;the election commission on wednesday banned the screening of the biopic on prime minister narendramodi during poll period, saying any such film that subserves purpose of any political entity or individual should not be displayed in the electronic media.
;;0.3182;;sikdars body was taken to the bjp office in delhi, where prime minister narendramodi , senior bjp leader l.k. advani, union home minister rajnath singh and others paid their last respects.
;;0.7003;;the mirwaiz had on friday urged prime minister narendramodi and his pakistan counterpart imran khan to make serious efforts towards resolving the kashmir issue for permanent peace in the region.
;;0.223;;our special correspondentnew delhi: a bjp parliamentarian who had publicly remarked that prime minister narendramodi did not like being questioned has rejoined the congress, which he had left in 2014 before the general election.
;;-0.0516;;rio, disenchanted with the upas neglect of nagaland, has allied himself with the nda and hopes to get a cabinet berth if bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi comes to power.
;;0.8957;;file picture of bjp state unit chief basant panda, national president amit shah and union minister of state for petroleum and natural gas dharmendra pradhan during their visit to the jagannath temple in puri in january bhubaneswar, march 29: prime minister narendramodi and senior bjp leaders will be here for the party's national executive meeting to be held on april 15 and 16 and the special protection group (spg) is already on the job to ensure their foolproof security.
;;0.6369;;by the time the chief minister visited the hospital last night, prime minister narendramodi spoke to him over the phone and assured all possible support.
;;0.0;;trivendra took his oath of office in dehradun in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.5719;;we are happy that prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the bridge.
;;-0.3182;;ahmedabad, july 22: the congress lost its last bastion in gujarat today  junagadh, the one-time princely state annexed to india by sardar patel after it had acceded to pakistan  in the first election held after narendramodi , who sees himself as an iron man in the mould of patel, took the reins in delhi.
;;0.3612;;we are supporting each other unconditionally earlier you seemed reluctant to invite bjp heavyweights, including prime minister narendramodi , to campaign for you in silli.
;;0.765;;mehta enjoys the confidence of both prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.8442;;(pti)thiruvananthapuram: president ram nath kovind on friday praised kerala's tradition of religious harmony and achievements in human development and health care, some of his remarks appearing at odds with recent comments by prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;-0.3818;;a 21-year-old bjp worker was shot dead in west burdwans kanksa on sunday night while he was on his way back home after attending a party meeting to discuss prime minister narendramodi modis proposed durgapur rally on december 24.
;;0.0;;mamata said on sunday that she raised the issue with prime minister narendramodi during a break at a niti aayog meeting.
;;0.7184;;(prashant mitra)ranchi: chief minister raghubar das on saturday launched a health and wellness centre in namkum, where screening of non-communicable diseases (ncd) for people aged above 30 years under ayushman bharat will take place, in an event where he was connected virtually with prime minister narendramodi who launched the ncd software in jangla village, bijapur, chhattisgarh, as well as other chief ministers.
;;0.2732;;the blow comes despite nitish writing to the central government, and also to prime minister narendramodi , last month about the significance of the site and seeking permission for further excavations.
;;-0.4215;;(pti)the supreme court on thursday asked the election commission to take necessary action by monday on a congress complaint accusing prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah of violating the model code of conduct.
;;-0.0772;;vadnagar/patan: rahul gandhi on saturday alleged that prime minister narendramodi was repeatedly changing his campaign plank in gujarat, switching to emotive issues as he was getting exposed on one development front after another.
;;-0.5267;;this led to the reasonable doubt that the eci deliberately delayed the announcement to enable prime minister narendramodi to complete the inauguration blitz of a slew of projects (157 of them) that he had scheduled between february 8 and march 9.
;;0.0;;nitish is expected to raise several state-related issues at the six-hour-long governing council meeting, which will be chaired by prime minister narendramodi and attended by almost all the chief ministers, chief secretaries and senior officials of niti aayog.
;;0.802;;the party also prayed for good sense to dawn on prime minister narendramodi and hoped he repented the move, state congress president sukhdeo bhagat said.
;;0.4019;;ahead of the 2014 lok sabha elections, prime minister narendramodi had treated party members to a my idea of india speech, which reverberated in his later public meetings and even in parliament after the bjp swept the polls to lead the government at the centre.
;;0.3612;;(pti pictures) june 3: narendramodi has just got a preview of what his budget could look like.
;;-0.4404;;jayalalithaa at the meeting with prime minister narendramodi in south block on tuesday.
;;0.0;;but the babri masjid action committee today said an out-of-court settlement was not possible with prime minister narendramodi and yogi adityanath at the helm of affairs.
;;0.6249;;with prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath at the helm of affairs, there is no hope that justice will prevail with the muslims.
;;0.3612;;while campaigning for the assembly elections in the state, prime minister narendramodi had promised to implement the assam accord and not give any land to bangladesh.
;;0.5574;;the decision to increase the msp for fair average quality (faq) of raw jute from rs 3,700 per quintal (100 kg) in 2018-19 was taken at the meeting of the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea) chaired by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;gavaskar was in australia as part of prime minister narendramodi modis delegation to attend a special reception at the melbourne cricket ground, which was hosted by australian prime minister tony abbot.
;;0.7184;;while the bjp took care to insulate shah and prime minister narendramodi from the bypoll blame by claiming the management was done entirely by state leaders, a few voices counselled the party chief not to be seen in the company of individuals like yogi adityanath and sangeet som.
;;0.1901;;he slammed the bjp-led nda government in delhi stating that prime minister narendramodi had assured the people of assam that the bangladeshis would be driven out if the bjp comes to power, but this government is taking an opposite stand.
;;-0.4019;;(pti)new delhi/bangalore: prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh on wednesday congratulated the jds's h.d. kumaraswamy and the congress's g. parameshwara after they were sworn in as chief minister and deputy chief minister of karnataka although the bjp boycotted the event.
;;-0.2263;;the kmss also sent a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi , demanding a halt to all kinds of construction work in the hydel project and its decommissioning.
;;0.836;;picture by prashant mitraranchi: swayed by initial reports predicting a landslide win for the bjp in karnataka, chief minister raghubar das held an impromptu press conference on tuesday afternoon to congratulate prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah, but senior party leaders remained evasive as the evening progressed and it was clear that the congress and jd(s) had together notched up enough numbers to put up a fight.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi with hadrien trudeau, the youngest child of canadian prime minister justin trudeau, during a ceremonial welcome at rashtrapati bhavan on friday.
;;0.5106;;pictures by prem singheven 50 nirav modis cannot spoil the image of narendramodi because of his strong credibility, maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis declared on friday.
;;0.0;;by then, prime minister narendramodi had proved hes made of stuff sterner than 50 nimos.
;;-0.7876;;but prime minister narendramodi , when he was chief minister of gujarat, had in 2009 made clear to a group of visiting australian leaders that he viewed attacks on indian students in that country as racist.
;;0.3612;;last week, trump had kicked up a storm by stating that prime minister narendramodi had asked him if he would like to mediate on kashmir.
;;0.0;;kota, march 25 (pti): an orphaned brother and sister have written to prime minister narendramodi requesting him to arrange for the exchange of rs 96,500 in demonetised notes left by their mother.
;;0.0;;picture by indrajit roysantiniketan: the bangladesh bhavana will by inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi and his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina on friday.
;;0.0;;it left the narendramodi government seemingly tongue-tied despite an early hint of likely de-escalation coming from us president donald trump in the morning itself.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi , who addressed a science awards event soon after khans announcement, made no direct reference to the development.
;;-0.4404;;12 (pti): prime minister narendramodi and french president emmanuel macron on monday inaugurated uttar pradesh's solar power plant in mirzapur district's chhanvey block.
;;0.765;;flag marches were being conducted at all the sensitive districts, the police said, adding that special security arrangements had been made in varanasi and azamgarh where high-profile leaders like narendramodi (varanasi) and mulayam singh yadav (azamgarh) are contesting.
;;-0.5106;;the bjp denied the allegation and repeated the charge of bias against the authorities in varanasi, where narendramodi is contesting.
;;-0.2263;;the minister added that the centre sent the team after chief minister nitish kumar met prime minister narendramodi last month and demanded that a team be sent to study siltation and its effects and the way farakka barrage has abetted it in bihar after its construction.
;;-0.5994;;asked whether he was suggesting the narendramodi government was using this terminology about kashmir in that same historical sense, he said: i\'m not even implying that, i\'m only recalling that this phraseology has a disastrous context.
;;0.0;;both prime minister narendramodi and rajnath have used the phrase many times.
;;0.6808;;did the other backward classes really believe that they stood to benefit when narendramodi took over as prime minister with the claim that an obc in power helps augment ones social power?
;;-0.2023;;he was responding to reports that said deb was summoned by prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah to delhi in the wake of his controversial comments.
;;0.0;;aryas story appeared to have been borrowed from a comic series titled bal narendramodi that tells larger-than-life stories about little modi.
;;0.0;;in the comic series, narendramodi jumps into a pond full of crocodiles to fetch a ball.
;;0.0;;moved by his mothers advice, narendramodi returns the baby crocodile to the pond.
;;0.6542;;picture by naeem ansari lucknow, march 18: prime minister narendramodi may have focused his uttar pradesh campaign on the theme of development but by picking yogi adityanath for chief minister his party has signalled a return to its hindutva basics.
;;-0.2263;;omar had on monday triggered an angry reaction from prime minister narendramodi when he vowed to revive the posts of sadr-e-riyasat (president of the state) and prime minister for jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;abhishek on wednesday pointed to the statements of prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah against the congress.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi had said on wednesday that respecting and protecting women should be a priority for the 1.
;;0.0;;farmer disenchantment appears to be also emerging as the biggest hurdle in the way of prime minister narendramodi modis return to power in next years general election.
;;-0.6249;;yesterday, sushma told the rajya sabha that prime minister narendramodi modis presence in nepal helped avert the flood threat to bihar.
;;0.0;;new delhi, july 26: prime minister narendramodi may become the first foreign leader to address nepals parliament after the restoration of democracy in the nation in 1990, on a trip indian officials were calling unlikely till a nepalese announcement made it a fait accompli.
;;0.0;;the rashtriya uchchatar shiksha abhiyan (rusa) has asked jamshedpur womens college to gear up for the foundation ceremony of the first womens university in the state that is likely to be laid online by prime minister narendramodi on january 15.
;;0.1531;;rajnath singh greets narendramodi in gandhinagar on wednesday.
;;0.5719;;(pti) gandhinagar, may 14: in ahmedabad and gandhinagar where the bjp is already celebrating, the spectre of a gujarat without narendramodi is casting a shadow on the wingding.
;;0.0;;32pm on thursday, posted the clip on facebook and twitter on friday morning and tagged prime minister narendramodi , chief minister raghubar das, health and family welfare minister dr hash vardhan and home minister amit shah.
;;0.0;;the opening of the centre came within a year ofprime minister narendramodi announcing the setting up of the study centre at nehu in november last year, when he addressed the 13th asean summit at kuala lumpur in malaysia.
;;-0.6249;;sanjay k. jhanew delhi: the congress on wednesday urged prime minister narendramodi to think of accountability in the last year of his tenure instead of resorting to escapism, describing thursday's planned fast by the bjp as the worst kind of political chicanery.
;;-0.296;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday addressed bjp mps and mlas through teleconferencing and asked them to expose the undemocratic and arrogant congress and popularise the welfare schemes of the government.
;;-0.8625;;apthe big question that has repeatedly landed at the narendramodi government's door is this: what is the balakot terrorist death count?
;;-0.8709;;march 3at a rally in ahmedabad, bjp president amit shah said that the narendramodi government conducted an airstrike and killed more than 250 terrorists.
;;-0.765;;five days after the airstrike, prime minister narendramodi had not said a word on whether india had done any damage to terror camps in pakistan or pakistan-occupied kashmir.
;;0.7269;;our bureaumodinew delhi: the centre has bought peace with the congress by saying prime minister narendramodi did not question nor did he mean to question manmohan singh's commitment to the nation.
;;0.0;;the demonetisaton of two high-value currency notes of rs 1000 and rs 500 was declared by prime minister narendramodi on the night of november 8, 2016.
;;0.3071;;1: india has won the promise of investments worth an unprecedented rs 205,000 crore from japan, but key deals prime minister narendramodi had hoped to ink with shinzo abe during his tokyo visit remain trapped in seemingly intractable differences.
;;0.5859;;new delhi, june 4: prime minister narendramodi today walked up to sonia gandhi and greeted her on the 16th lok sabhas first day and she reciprocated warmly.
;;-0.1531;;now, insulated from deliberating on real issues like prime minister narendramodi modis visit to japan or the bjps poor show in the just concluded bypolls, the rss is back in business to keep the rumour mills grinding through its shakhas, shivirs and ubiquitous volunteers, said a sociologist, preferring anonymity.
;;0.0;;is that what narendramodi meant?
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi would arrive in jammu and kashmir on sunday to unveil a slew of projects, mostly in jammu and ladakh, seen as a determined bid ahead of the upcoming parliamentary elections to woo back voters in the two regions.
;;0.1779;;the meet resolved to send a political delegation to delhi to urge president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh to give assent to the bills.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi speaks to school and college students in new delhi on january 29.
;;0.3612;;ptiprime minister narendramodi on wednesday credited his government's demonetisation decision for bringing down prices of houses and making them affordable for the aspiring youth.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi took the lead in wishing nitish in the morning on twitter.
;;-0.0516;;bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, a friend of nitish till the point he began supporting the narendramodi government's idea of demonetisation, wished stalin and buddhadeb, but chose to ignore nitish.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the longest road-cum-rail bridge at kareng ghat on december 25.
;;-0.4404;;law minister ravi shankar prasad remained in his office through the day and denied reports of any meeting with prime minister narendramodi on the issue.
;;0.5574;;our special correspondentranchi: in his 41st mann ki baat broadcast on sunday, prime minister narendramodi hailed the women of jharkhand saying that they had set a milestone before the country by building lakhs of toilets in record time showcasing a rare display of woman power.
;;-0.25;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday stressed the need for equitable development in every part of the country, arguing that providing basic infrastructure to citizens was a crucial aspect of social justice.
;;0.6369;;senior leaders of the party, including president nitin gadkari, advani, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, venkaiah naidu, rajnath singh, murli manohar joshi and chief ministers of seven bjp-ruled states like narendramodi , shivraj singh chauhan, raman singh, arjun munda, among others, will take part in the meeting.
;;0.0;;the district administration had consented the bjp to go ahead with its application of providing the campus of mit along with the police line ground and awasiya ground for the proposed public meeting of the partys prime ministerial candidate narendramodi on march 3.
;;-0.1027;;picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 14: prime minister narendramodi will arrive here tomorrow for the bjp's two-day national executive and police are taking no chances.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will arrive at 3.
;;0.2732;;smriti told the gathering that women workers from across the country would contribute to ensuring that the bjp under prime minister narendramodi modis leadership would retain power in 2019.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had last month decreed through a communication from the department of personnel and training that any officer/official/private person who had worked earlier in the personal staff of a minister in any capacity for any duration may not be appointed in the personal staff of ministers in the present government.
;;0.2732;;shah threw his weight behind pragya hours after prime minister narendramodi said he would never be able to forgive her for that comment.
;;-0.7876;;dev said prime minister narendramodi had declared before the lok sabha polls that there would be no detention camp here if the bjp came to power, but even after three years, genuine indian citizens were being kept in the detention camp as suspected foreigners.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi paid his tributes to the martyrs by laying a wreath at amar jawan jyoti in the presence of defence minister nirmala sitharaman and the three service chiefs.
;;0.0;;the asean leaders, here to attend the india-asean commemorative summit, are the chief guests at the republic day parade which was termed by prime minister narendramodi as historic and unprecedented.
;;0.0;;naveen, who had congratulated prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley for the bjp's victory in the two states, on tuesday was emphatic in his comment on its impact on odisha politics.
;;-0.4019;;our special correspondentnew delhi: sidelined bjp mp shatrughan sinha on wednesday said his party could be betraying panic and desperation in gujarat by pumping in an army of leaders to campaign in the home state of prime minister narendramodi and party boss amit shah.
;;0.0;;the bjp is yet to finalise venues of prime minister narendramodi modis proposed election rallies in west burdwan on april 23 and birbhum the following day.
;;-0.3818;;kejriwal could contest against narendramodi if he decides to fight the lok sabha elections from varanasi, aap leaders said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will be visiting amethi, the home turf of congress president rahul gandhi, on february 27, a bjp leader said on tuesday.
;;0.2732;;the obeisance made by narendramodi as he entered the parliament building must have taken many people by surprise.
;;0.0772;;the assam congress on monday slammed prime minister narendramodi for his remark referring to slain former prime minister rajiv gandhi as bhrashtachari number 1 during electioneering in uttar pradesh.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi wishes birthday greetings to even his bitterest political foes without indulging in politics over it.
;;0.0;;his father on friday had alleged that narendramodi sold charas instead of tea from a train platform.
;;-0.1531;;it has taken a while - the dadri lynching was on september 28, 2015 and the una thrashings in july 2016 - and some pressure from the opposition, but narendramodi has spoken out against cow vigilantes in two meetings on two consecutive days.
;;-0.8074;;addressing the gathering, rahul attacked prime minister narendramodi , accusing him of destroying institutions, including the cbi, the election commission and the enforcement directorate.
;;-0.6808;;17: pakistan must walk away from terrorism for talks with india, prime minister narendramodi said today, thrusting the onus for the resumption of a dialogue on islamabad in his most detailed foreign policy speech since coming to power in may 2014.
;;0.0;;putin was speaking via video-conference with prime minister narendramodi and chief minister jayalalithaa today on the formal commissioning of the first reactor of the kudankulam plant that was completed in 2014.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi had on november 9 demonetised rs 500 and rs 1000 and encouraged the people of india to go cashless and use digital mode of payment.
;;0.7269;;prime minister narendramodi distributes free lpg connections to the beneficiaries under pradhanmantri ujjwala yojana in ballia on sunday.
;;0.0;;(pti)ballia (uttar pradesh), may 1: prime minister narendramodi today launched a rs 8,000-crore scheme to provide five crore cooking gas connections to families living below the poverty line (bpl) using the money saved from 1.
;;0.0;;sources said prime minister narendramodi would meet senior officers in the department of personnel and training (dopt) tomorrow to finalise the names.
;;0.0;;lal also has roots in uttar pradesh, a state that has given the bjp 71 mps and accounts for eight ministers, the highest in narendramodi modis council.
;;0.0;;the official said a controversy over her india trip had already started brewing after reports that she had lunch with prime minister narendramodi following the inauguration of bangladesh bhavana at visva-bharati on friday.
;;0.0;;later, in the evening, aasu activists raised black flags and shouted slogans as prime minister narendramodi modis vehicle passed in front of the aasu office in guwahati on way to raj bhavan.
;;0.4019;;29: india today sought sensitivity towards its strategic interests from myanmar, articulating concerns over china's growing influence there during key talks between prime minister narendramodi and myanmar president u htin kyaw today.
;;0.0;;but others said the choice was just a reflection of how narendramodi is tightening his grip.
;;-0.2732;;picture by amit datta may 7: narendramodi today wrapped up the bengal leg of his campaign for the lok sabha elections by firing fresh salvos at mamata banerjee, with whom he has been engaged in a duel since he broached the saradha scam at a rally in siliguri on april 10.
;;-0.4336;;the nation wants narendramodi , so it is a fight between two ideologies.
;;0.4019;;the incident prompted former jammu and kashmir chief minister omar abdullah to take to twitter and seek help from prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh in this regard.
;;0.0;;this was the time when expectations firmed up about an nda government, led by narendramodi , coming to power.
;;-0.5574;;this electoral war between prime minister narendramodi and chief minister harish rawat (of the congress) has unfortunately overshadowed other issues, said ram krishna tiwari of sarv vikas party, who is contesting from rishikesh, which would vote on february 15 along with 68 other constituencies in the state.
;;-0.5267;;congress president rahul gandhi has used the news report to call prime minister narendramodi a thief.
;;-0.2732;;the supreme court has sought the election commission's response on a plea by a congress mp who said that prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah had flouted the model code of conduct when they made alleged hate speeches and used the armed forces for political propaganda.
;;0.3182;;the latest nam declaration has triggered a fresh debate within the foreign policy establishment whether the government had erred in not sending either prime minister narendramodi or foreign minister sushma swaraj to the summit.
;;0.0;;sinha confirmed india would articulate this concern during meetings between prime minister narendramodi and egyptian president abdel fattah al sisi, who is scheduled to visit new delhi next week.
;;0.6124;;prime minister narendramodi had yesterday said he was keen on greater exchanges with india's eastern neighbour especially in high-tech that have a deeper connect with the youth.
;;0.0;;nana patolenew delhi: bjp parliamentarian nana patole has announced his decision to resign from the party and the lok sabha on the eve of the gujarat polls, saying he had had an argument with prime minister narendramodi over agrarian issues and he would join rahul gandhi at a rally in ahmedabad next week.
;;0.0;;20: last october, prime minister narendramodi helped zimbabwe's president robert mugabe regain his footing after the nonagenarian leader stumbled in new delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to attend the event.
;;0.0;;it is the bjp government that put a brake on these corrupt practices, prime minister narendramodi said.
;;-0.128;;(prem singh)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said that his government has taken measures to weed out middlemen from the system to ensure that the entire funds flowing from the centre percolates to the poor.
;;-0.4215;;assam samajwadi party chief and gauhati high court lawyer hafiz rashid ahmed choudhury urged prime minister narendramodi to take up the issue of killings of minorities in bangladesh immediately with his counterpart.
;;-0.5106;;the telegraph file photothe congress on thursday accused prime minister narendramodi of making indian air force jets his own taxi and paying as low as rs 744 for using iaf aircraft for election trips.
;;0.0;;when prime minister narendramodi had visited puri, he had said that he should be reminded about the temple issue in new delhi.
;;0.0;;22 (pti): why has narendramodi never fielded a muslim candidate in any gujarat election, finance minister p. chidambaram asked today.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi doffed his hat at kenya's successful start-up culture during his visit to the country last week.
;;-0.0516;;the people of bihar will teach a lesson to prime minister narendramodi and all other fascist forces who are zeroing in on bihar after winning elections in other states.
;;-0.6705;;that's the assessment india's foreign office has arrived at, as it prepares for a crucial diplomatic summit between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin in goa next month, at a time a chaotic global order is straining their traditional ties.
;;0.4019;;the district administration has directed the management of such cradles that run buses to ferry students to either declare a holiday or a half-day in the wake of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the state capital.
;;-0.8126;;lekhi's contempt petition had alleged that rahul twisted the court's april 10 judgment to claim that prime minister narendramodi had been held guilty of corrupt practices in the controversial purchase of 36 rafale aircraft.
;;-0.0258;;jammu, may 6 (pti): jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti today said only prime minister narendramodi could resolve the kashmir problem and appealed to him to take us out of the sticky spot.
;;-0.3818;;the narendramodi government is already upset with britain for not extraditing liquor baron vijay mallya back to india.
;;-0.4019;;talking to reporters, acharya said: prime minister narendramodi had misled the entire state on the issue of the mahanadi, particularly on the constitution of a tribunal to adjudicate the dispute.
;;0.34;;security guards on the banks of dal lake in srinagar on february 3, the day prime minister narendramodi went to srinagar.
;;-0.4767;;congress spokesperson manish tewari said such an attack on the rbi chief was unprecedented and asked why prime minister narendramodi was silent.
;;0.0;;(pti)prime minister narendramodi tried to pep up booth-level workers and excoriated n. chandrababu naidu for allying with the congress.
;;0.0;;a kid checks out a kite with faces of prime minister narendramodi and congress national president rahul gandhi at a shop at karbala chowk in ranchi on friday.
;;0.0;;kites with the faces of prime minister narendramodi and congress national president rahul gandhi are doing soaring business in the bjp-ruled jharkhand.
;;0.5267;;sexy durga is now part of indian panorama section at iffi and will now be exhibited at goa and across india, singh, a producer-director, tweeted on thursday, tagging prime minister narendramodi and information and broadcasting minister smriti irani.
;;0.8225;;days before that, shyam rangeela, who has made a name for himself mimicking prime minister narendramodi and congress vice-president rahul gandhi, was invited to perform on the tv show, the great indian laughter challenge, and then asked to modify his act.
;;0.25;;more than his own work, incumbent mla nilkanth singh munda is banking on prime minister narendramodi modis vision for jharkhand.
;;0.6124;;(pti)bhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan thinks prime minister narendramodi is a gift of god to india.
;;-0.3612;;a few individuals fighting for a separate slot for the assamese script in the us-based unicode consortium appealed to prime minister narendramodi on tuesday to take concrete steps to encode it in the iso (international organisation for standardisation) 10646 standard.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi with help of his corporate friends is seeking votes in name of indian army.
;;0.0;;naveen had already written two letters to prime minister narendramodi on the issue.
;;0.0;;bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , congress vice-president rahul gandhi, nagaland chief minister nephiu rio and actors raja murad and asrani were the key campaigners in the state, which has an electorate of 7,53,170, including 3,77,272 women.
;;0.128;;many in the bjp feel the recent state election results have announced rahuls arrival as a potential challenger to prime minister narendramodi next summer.
;;-0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi on friday slammed the congress for its leader sam pitroda's reported remark on the anti-sikh riots, saying it showed the character and mentality of the party.
;;0.0129;;bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi will reach jharkhand for the fourth time to address his sixth lok sabha poll rally on thursday, but for jamshedpur, it will be namos maiden stopover.
;;0.0;;his remarks came nearly a fortnight after prime minister narendramodi expressed concern over large-scale wastage of food in the country.
;;-0.7964;;on the penultimate day of the campaign for the may 12 elections, rahul went on the offensive against prime minister narendramodi and accused him of launching personal attacks on congress leaders, including himself.
;;-0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi and shah had presided over two party meetings on thursday but didnt speak on the election defeats.
;;0.5486;;the congress's persecution complex has grown so strong with the recent moves against vadra that no less than narendramodi has had to clarify that this is not vendetta, and that there are no instructions from his government to pursue cases against any political dynasty or party.
;;0.5859;;clean mission much like narendramodi , uma bharti, the union water resources minister, warns against people harbouring misgivings about government action.
;;-0.128;;16: prime minister narendramodi is unlikely to oblige the opposition on its demand that he make a statement on the rss-bjps re-conversion (ghar wapsi) plans and participate in the debate.
;;0.0258;;it (the entry) remains to be finalised, the source said, indicating the matter could be clinched at a mid-june meeting scheduled between the tamil nadu chief minister and prime minister narendramodi in delhi.
;;0.9186;;slogans in support of prime minister narendramodi rent the air as jubilant party workers danced to express their happiness, applying gulal to all and sundry.
;;0.6808;;mukherjee and xi agreed that more conversations were needed between the two sides to restore the momentum in bilateral relations that prime minister narendramodi sought to inject into neighbourhood diplomacy by inviting the chinese president to his native gujarat and later laying out the red carpet for him in new delhi.
;;0.4404;;on the bjps massive election victory, shringla said the re-election of prime minister narendramodi was good news for the india-us relationship.
;;0.0;;dev rajnitish kumar shakes hands with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.5859;;the minister took advantage of the programme to woo manipur voters, saying prime minister narendramodi is paying serious attention to the state.
;;0.2732;;guwahati, june 23: the assam unit of the bjp today tried to shield the party from criticism triggered by laying the foundation stone of the 600mw kholongchu hydroelectric project in bhutan by prime minister narendramodi , saying the dam was a middle-sized one and an outcome of centres efforts to strengthen relationship between the two countries.
;;-0.2023;;if she can accuse prime minister narendramodi , what more can you expect?
;;0.8271;;praising prime minister narendramodi for his leadership, ma said it was the best time for both the countries to work together.
;;0.0;;it is the result of persistent measures taken by the external affairs ministry, under leadership of prime minister narendramodi , she said.
;;0.0;;24: prime minister narendramodi modis four-day australia visit next month to attend the g20 summit may be followed by a days trip to fiji, political sources said.
;;0.0;;the 14th chief minister will be sworn in on december 27 at a star-studded ceremony to be attended by prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, among others.
;;0.0772;;calcutta, june 1: mamata banerjee today said she would soon write to prime minister narendramodi requesting him not to make aadhaar cards mandatory for employment under the 100-day job scheme.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi , who is in washington dc today, had last year issued a joint vision on the asia-pacific - or indo-pacific - with president barack obama.
;;0.4588;;the summit, launched by narendramodi in 2003 when he was chief minister, began as an exercise to redeem his image with the business elite of india and abroad after the 2002 communal carnage and to attract investments.
;;0.0;;the announcements coincided with prime minister narendramodi modis first official visit to japan, during which he invited japanese investments and said businessmen from the two countries could give a direction to the world economy.
;;0.0;;recalling prime minister narendramodi modis tryst at the madison square garden, the veteran parliamentarian took the students to america.
;;-0.296;;ptiit is necessary to ensure that nothing is done to dent the morale of the security forces, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday, a day after pakistani fighter jets violated indian air space in response to indian forces targeting a jaish-e-mohammed terror camp in its territory.
;;0.1027;;the march organisers have drafted a petition that calls on prime minister narendramodi to stop the propagation of unscientific and obscurantist ideas and ensure india's education system does not impart beliefs contrary to scientific evidence.
;;0.7003;;our special correspondentsmile and hug: palestinian president mahmoud abbas embraces prime minister narendramodi upon his arrival in ramallah on saturday.
;;0.0;;(reuters)new delhi: narendramodi on saturday became the first indian prime minister to visit palestine, flying into ramallah from amman in a jordanian helicopter with israeli air force choppers escorting him over the west bank.
;;-0.5574;;national security and the sanctity of the countrys borders have been priorities for the bjp, and prime minister narendramodi had repeatedly sounded the alarm on illegal bangladeshi immigration during the general election campaign.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah are the architects of this subversion.
;;0.5859;;a staunch supporter of narendramodi , the lingayat leader said he would start touring the state soon to unify the party and prepare it bag as many lok sabha seats as possible.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had led the bjp campaign in uttar pradesh.
;;-0.7003;;23: pakistani troops opened fire at bsf border outposts in jammu early this morning in the latest round of ceasefire violations that started yesterday and coincided with prime minister narendramodi modis diwali-day interaction with soldiers at siachen.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi should immediately make a special policy for security and development of dalits, rajak said.
;;-0.296;;recently, bengal chief minister mamata banerjee accused the narendramodi government of planning to move the headquarters of the tea board from calcutta to guwahati and vowed to oppose it.
;;-0.0258;;thus it causes no surprise that narendramodi , having established his undisputed mastery over gujarat and its politics, should seek to carve out for himself a role in a larger political space  the national.
;;0.0;;the refashioning of narendramodi has begun.
;;0.5574;;india has long considered bangladesh as part of its area of influence and under prime minister narendramodi has boosted economic links with it as well as with other neighbours, including nepal and sri lanka.
;;-0.5719;;khandu on sunday also apprised prime minister narendramodi about the grim flood scene in the state.
;;0.1779;;sanjeev kumar vermapatna: senior bjp leaders from bihar joined prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah in observing a day's fast to protest against the obstruction of parliament by the congress.
;;-0.34;;it shows chief minister and jdu boss nitish kumar twisting uneasily in his chair as prime minister narendramodi holds hands with bjp colleagues on stage and takes the crowd through a shrill vande mataram drum-roll.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate and lay the foundation stones of not less than 10 projects during his visit to manipur on tuesday.
;;0.6369;;the bengal trinamul leaders the telegraph spoke to were unanimous that roys electoral strategies were as much to be credited for the saffron surge in the state as prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shahs magic.
;;0.7076;;asked whether this is the coming together of a front against prime minister narendramodi or bjp, naidu said: we want to promote more and more regional parties.
;;0.296;;the new government at the centre, led by prime minister narendramodi , is yet to express its interest to push the controversial project forward while the meghalaya government has been maintaining silence on the issue so far.
;;-0.4767;;the cbi grilling on tuesday triggered protests from the rjd, which accused the cbi of acting at the behest of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister nitish kumar.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi had formally launched the project in october last year during his visit to dumka and groundwork began in the first week of november.
;;0.0;;sanjay k. jhanew delhi: prime minister narendramodi tweeted on saturday about his forthcoming visit to the international rice research institute in the philippines.
;;0.0;;modi-manjhipatna: former chief minister and hindustani awam morcha secular national president jitan ram majhi will meet prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi adressing a rally in karnataka's bangarpet.
;;0.3818;;inbangarpet (karnataka), may 9 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on wednesday lashed out at congress president rahul gandhi after he publicly declared his prime ministerial ambition, and wondered whether the country will ever accept such an immature and naamdar (famous) leader for the post.
;;-0.25;;laluji may be making outrageous statements against bjp leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , but he always believes in maintaining a personal relationship with every one be it arun jaitley, sushma swaraj, rajnath singh or anyone.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi and his visiting counterpart paolo gentiloni came out with a joint statement that touched upon every aspect of the relationship that is celebrating 70 years of diplomatic ties this year.
;;-0.4215;;azad criticised prime minister narendramodi , who has not spoken out against the lynching of the dairy farmer.
;;-0.4019;;thambidurai, who is also the deputy speaker, raised his hand for a clarification immediately after rahul had accused prime minister narendramodi of being directly involved in the alleged rafale scam.
;;0.0;;this may be just the beginning of his deliberate strategy to force india to open its markets to american goods and services picture by apprime minister narendramodi received a double whammy on the day he took his oath of office at the start of his second term.
;;0.0;;18: meghalaya chief minister mukul sangma today said gujarat is not progressive because of its chief minister narendramodi but for the mindset of the people there.
;;0.4215;;guwahati, july 27: prime minister narendramodi has assured assam that the centre would do everything possible to help the state combat floods.
;;0.0;;new delhi, july 31: prime minister narendramodi today asked people to send him ideas for his upcoming independence day speech.
;;0.0;;picture by pradip sanyalplastic packets, thermocol plates and cups lay scattered on the brigade parade grounds on thursday afternoon, around 24 hours after prime minister narendramodi addressed a bjp rally there.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi also raised the issue in several election rallies.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi had described the goods and services tax (gst) as good and simple tax when it was launched in july.
;;-0.5256;;prime minister narendramodi with union minister maneka gandhi during a campaign rally in pratapgarh on may 4 picture by ptifor all the rants of the narendramodi modi-amit shah duopoly against the nehru-gandhi dynasty, the bjps imports from that very clan, maneka gandhi and her son feroze varun gandhi, are both tapping on the most controversial figure from independent indias first family, sanjay gandhi, to corner votes in sultanpur.
;;0.5267;;picture shows justice khehar with prime minister narendramodi at an event at rashtrapati bhavan on may 1.
;;0.3612;;those who campaigned extensively in champaran, like narendramodi , sonia gandhi, lalu prasad and nitish kumar, never ended their speeches without a reference to the mahatma.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi chaired a high-level security meeting on the attack in new delhi on tuesday morning with union ministers nirmala sitharaman and arun jaitley along with gokhale in attendance.
;;-0.8316;;after the terrorist bombing in pulwana, prime minister narendramodi had declared the indian army could respond to the attack in the manner and time of their choosing.
;;0.0;;picture by gautam deydhanbad: the 38th and 39th annual convocation of iit(ism), scheduled to take place in the first week of may with prime minister narendramodi as the chief guest, will witness a change in dress code.
;;0.0;;the petrapole checkpost on the india-bangladesh border in bengal also constructed under phase-i and was inaugurated from calcutta through videoconferencing by prime minister narendramodi and his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina in the presence of bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on july 21 last year.
;;0.6808;;the chief minister today wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to take immediate steps to distribute aadhaar cards to people of the state so that they could avail of the benefits of a host of schemes, especially scholarships and subsidies on cooking gas through direct benefit transfer.
;;0.0;;several commentators, myself included, have compared narendramodi to indira gandhi.
;;0.0516;;like indira gandhi, narendramodi is a loner.
;;0.5256;;the one person whom narendramodi thoroughly trusts in a political sense is amit shah.
;;0.4404;;i think that narendramodi also wants to do more than acquire power and fame.
;;-0.5667;;i was not an admirer of indira gandhi, and i am not an admirer of narendramodi either.
;;-0.0516;;set against the gujarat riots, which happened early in his tenure as chief minister, is narendramodi modi's later focus on increasing agricultural productivity and attracting industrial investment into his state.
;;0.1027;;the protesters said prime minister narendramodi had used the jai aai asom slogan before the 2014 lok sabha and 2016 assembly election with the promise of protecting the land and people of the state.
;;-0.1901;;but crisp president kumar jahgirdar has countered the demand in his letter to narendramodi and ravi shankar prasad.
;;0.8651;;sonowal called on the people to remain alert to thwart all designs of disrupting the age-old harmony in society and asserted that the assamese race is strong and its existence cannot be threatened by foreigners and prime minister narendramodi has been working for the development of the state and region.
;;0.6369;;the cabinet committee on security, headed by prime minister narendramodi , has approved 12 india reserve battalions for the states.
;;0.743;;i didnt begin campaigning yesterday, he says, confident of victory despite prime minister narendramodi modis apparent popularity in both the rural and urban areas of his constituency.
;;-0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee expressed grief at the tragedy.
;;0.9169;;our special correspondentnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday credited his government with changing the process of selecting padma award winners and ensuring that common people who have done transformative work for society were recognised.
;;0.552;;having hosted two editions of the tournament with packed crowds in almost all the matches so far, guwahati enjoys an edge over calcutta and kochi, which are also in the race for the extravaganza that could see the participation of prime minister narendramodi and a host of bollywood stars, apart from star cricketers and footballers of the country.
;;0.0;;the us ambassador to india had met gujarat chief minister narendramodi last week.
;;-0.128;;17: the bihar bjp today resolved that the central parliamentary board should officially declare narendramodi as the putative prime minister candidate to cap the confusion arising from conflicting statements in the party on the leadership conundrum.
;;0.0;;the acms will hold the march of its workers to the district headquarters in every district and submit memorandums to prime minister narendramodi and union minister for food and public distribution ramvilas paswan and chief minister tarun gogoi through the deputy commissioners.
;;-0.6369;;umam had tagged prime minister narendramodi in one of her tweets where she spoke of hatred for muslims.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah have been silent on the matter, creating a perception that they have no problem with party colleagues creating a controversy around jinnah's portrait.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondentbs yeddyurappa presents a headgear to narendramodi in bangalore on sunday.
;;0.0;;(pti)bangalore: prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the exit countdown had started for the most corrupt p.c. siddaramaiah government in karnataka, the assertion coming in the bjp's biggest rally yet ahead of the upcoming summer elections in the state.
;;0.4939;;bjp leaders, including prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh, had said during their election campaigns in manipur that the framework agreement had nothing against manipur.
;;0.0;;agp president and assam agriculture minister atul bora said they have written to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to clarify the centre's stand.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi today asserted in the lok sabha that gst would not raise inflation, staking his government's chances in a series of key state elections that are often influenced by price trends in the market.
;;0.0;;joint non-government voluntary organisation, a citizens' conglomerate from the eight assembly segments, today sent a representation to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to nominate a deserving person from the eight constituencies as the rajya sabha mp.
;;0.0;;the bjp mlas set the tone when they stood up on their seats and raised slogans against use of derogatory words for their leaders by rjd leaders (tej pratap yadav's statement on prime minister narendramodi on monday).
;;0.0;;the potential for balochistan, which prime minister narendramodi twice invoked publicly last month, to emerge as a flashpoint between the neighbours is rising too.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi joined the chorus at his first election rally in the state today in palakkad, where he built a case for the lotus to flower in the stagnant waters of kerala's bipolar politics.
;;-0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi had recently hinted that long vacations were hurting disposal of cases.
;;0.4019;;giriraj, according to sources in the party, was considering himself as the most suitable boy to be in the list of prime minister narendramodi modis colleagues in the central ministry from the upper caste, bhumihar quota with the other two bhumihar mps c.p. thakur and bhola prasad singh crossing 75.
;;0.0;;only narendramodi and amit shah know when giriraj and chourasia will be resurrected.
;;0.6369;;the acolytes of narendramodi would like to believe that the thrust and the content of the manifesto represent a victory of mr modi over the older leaders of the bjp who prefer to equate the party with hindutva.
;;-0.3182;;even prime minister narendramodi had mentioned the delay in completion of the bridge in his speech at sivasagar while campaigning for the jorhat lok sabha seat, which was wrested by the bjp from the congress for the first time.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi assured the people, especially the youths before the elections that aache din (good days) would come if the bjp came to power.
;;0.0;;dev rajpatna: prime minister narendramodi will be visiting patna on may 11 on the call of bihar chief minister nitish kumar to discuss and review development projects initiated by the centre.
;;0.2732;;bjp leaders, however, cautioned against any guessing game, pointing out that prime minister narendramodi could spring a surprise.
;;-0.4767;;chairs, broken in the melee at narendramodi modis rally, strewn at airport ground in daltonganj on friday.
;;-0.3566;;21: the bjp today unleashed its most potent weapon  the man of the moment prime minister narendramodi  in daltonganj, where canvassing has entered the final leg.
;;0.5994;;(afp)srinagar: prime minister narendramodi on saturday said hugging kashmiris and development were key to resolving the problems that afflicted the state, steering clear of a political outreach many had expected after the centre's conditional ceasefire for the month of ramazan.
;;-0.6486;;shutterstockin a letter to prime minister narendramodi , up shia central waqf board chairman waseem rizvi has demanded shutting down of primary-level madarsas across the country in order to check the influence of the terror group isis on muslim children.
;;-0.2732;;new delhi, april 24: the congress today accused the narendramodi government of allowing vigilante groups a free run, blaming it on the bjp ideology and drawing a link with the kashmir unrest.
;;0.0;;7: prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to keep his date with nagpur on august 21.
;;-0.34;;prime minister narendramodi had asked chief secretary malay de during an interactive session on september 27 why metro projects in calcutta were mired in uncertainty.
;;0.8126;;29: prime minister narendramodi had this july dubbed russia indias best friend.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi , in his independence day speech, had urged all law-makers to adopt villages and help develop its infrastructure.
;;0.7506;;new delhi, may 20: prime minister narendramodi had a long meeting with bjp president amit shah and finance minister arun jaitley this evening, a day after the party won the assam polls.
;;0.0;;the leaders were also learnt to have discussed plans for the narendramodi government's second anniversary later this month.
;;0.7579;;himanta biswa sarma, seen as the architect of the bjp's win, said: prime minister narendramodi , party president amit shah, senior central ministers, chief ministers of all nda-ruled states and the chief ministers of all northeast states will attend the swearing-in.
;;0.3182;;dhubri, may 27: the state pensioners' association, assam sarkari pension sanstha, is likely to pass a resolution in its 36th biennial general session to urge the state government to increase the retirement age of assam state employees from 60 to 65 years, in line with a similar announcement made by prime minister narendramodi yesterday for doctors.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi also tweeted his condolences:pained by the bus accident in agra, uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;picture by prem singhmumbai: nirav modi rubbed shoulders with the world's who's who - from having hollywood stars kate winslet and dakota johnson as his clients to actress priyanka chopra being the brand ambassador of his jewellery line to being photographed with prime minister narendramodi at the world economic forum summit in davos last month.
;;-0.3612;;pakistan might have altered the course of the latest parliamentary election when prime minister narendramodi built his entire campaign on the air strikes in balakot after the pulwama massacre.
;;-0.4404;;new delhi, may 27: prime ministers narendramodi of india and nawaz sharif of pakistan pulled off their icebreaker meet smoothly today, each side promising to pass on the baton for talks to their foreign secretaries without holding them hostage to core concerns: terrorism for india and kashmir for pakistan.
;;0.3182;;the visit was part of a novel initiative by prime minister narendramodi and the ministry of external affairs (mea).
;;0.2023;;new delhi, march 13: the whispers have already started in the capital's power corridors - prime minister narendramodi could make significant changes in his cabinet to tighten his grip further following the bjp's performance in the assembly elections.
;;0.7845;;in an apparent move to ensure that the sabarimala issue is kept alive in the run-up to the lok sabha polls, the bjp has scheduled visits by prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah in the coming weeks.
;;0.3612;;days after prime minister narendramodi invoked jai shri ram - the rss-bjp's signature chant in the nineties - in a dussehra speech in lucknow, the ruling samajwadi party has begun vying for a share of the ayodhya pie although electoral dividends that could accrue from it are doubtful.
;;0.0;;in a seemingly unrelated news, prime minister narendramodi and his government have so far spent a whopping rs 4,343.
;;0.5423;;our special correspondentnew delhi: the dmk on tuesday caused a flutter in the opposition by announcing the cancellation of its demonetisation-related black day protests in eight tamil nadu districts, a day after prime minister narendramodi called on ailing party patriarch m. karunanidhi at his residence.
;;0.4019;;the idea was unveiled by prime minister narendramodi on december 2 at a bjp parliamentary party meeting as purely a bjp affair, involving only its elected members and officials.
;;0.0258;;the report comes at a time prime minister narendramodi has been campaigning aggressively on the national security plank.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: nearly nine out of 10 indians hold a favourable opinion of prime minister narendramodi and more than two-thirds are satisfied with the direction he is taking the country, a pew survey has found, two years before he heads into a general election.
;;0.5423;;congress president sonia gandhi has written to prime minister narendramodi to ensure the safety of the abducted indians and secure their early release.
;;-0.34;;in delhi, foreign minister sushma swaraj and her officials offered distinct messages to their clearly different audiences as the narendramodi government grappled with its first foreign policy crisis.
;;0.1027;;telegraph picture balasore, april 11: barbs flew as poll temperature reached a flashpoint with bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi and upa chairperson sonia gandhi targeting each other, without taking names, at rallies held here today.
;;0.0;;this decision was taken with a sole intention to break the backbone of gujarat's economy since narendramodi was the chief minister at that time.
;;-0.1371;;tarun gogoi never disclosed these facts and launched a campaign against the centre for not giving oil royalty due to the state only after narendramodi became prime minister, sarma said.
;;0.0;;president xi and prime minister narendramodi cast aside diplomatic protocol and decided to begin the visit from gujarat.
;;0.0;;picture by ub photosleader of the opposition in assam assembly debabrata saikia on monday said through the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2019, prime minister narendramodi is inciting fundamentalist forces in indias neighbouring countries to unleash atrocity on the hindus there.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp national chief amit shah played the lead role at the ceremony in gandhinagar, also attended by senior central ministers and deputy chief ministers from these states.
;;0.4404;;the convocation, which was earlier supposed to be held in may, got delayed for a month as the institute was keen on inviting prime minister narendramodi as the chief guest.
;;0.4019;;27: the bjp, helmed by narendramodi and amit shah, spoke the language of the socialists at a daylong meet of party chief ministers here today.
;;0.3182;;the demographic change wrought in the bjp's traditional vote bank has given it the confidence to address directly the issue of triple talaq, for example, which narendramodi calls an evil custom, and which must be addressed for the sake of justice to muslim sisters.
;;-0.3612;;thousands of dalit brothers and sisters are today on the streets, fighting against the narendramodi government for their rights.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi chose not to speak on the issue at all.
;;0.0;;(prashant mitra)ranchi: taking a cue from prime minister narendramodi , chief minister raghubar das is seeking a connect with app-happy genext this foundation day.
;;-0.2023;;our special correspondentnarendra modinew delhi: rahul gandhi on monday accused prime minister narendramodi of misusing his official position to build a personal database on millions of indians, drawing counter-allegations but no clarification or legal action from the government.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had put forward the idea of vidyanjali during a review meeting with the sarba shiksha abhijan officials last year.
;;0.5859;;our special correspondentsrinagar: former chief minister omar abdullah taunted narendramodi on monday, suggesting the prime minister might now address the nation from delhi's jawaharlal nehru stadium instead of the red fort, as much a mughal creation as the taj mahal.
;;-0.7712;;asaduddin owaisi, mp and leader of the all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen, too said: if the mughals were so bad, will prime minister narendramodi stop hoisting the tricolour on the red fort?
;;0.128;;kalita said he has taken a cue from the sansad adarsh gram yojana scheme launched by prime minister narendramodi in 2014.
;;-0.128;;15: prime minister narendramodi today acknowledged the expressions of deep gratitude he had received from balochistan, gilgit and pakistan-occupied kashmir for his recent condemnation of islamabad's atrocities against its people living in these regions.
;;0.3182;;tiranga yatra new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked bjp and nda mps to launch a week long tiranga yatra in their constituencies in august to fan patriotism in the country to mark the 70th year of independence.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi flashes the victory sign as he arrives at the bjp headquarters to celebrate the party's victory in the 2019 lok sabha elections, in new delhi on thursday, may 23, 2019.
;;0.0;;this election, the opposition to narendramodi didnt have a story.
;;-0.5106;;senior leaders from the state, including former chief ministers farooq abdullah and son omar abdullah, met prime minister narendramodi on thursday to request him not to take any such decision that would worsen the situation in the valley.
;;0.34;;following supreme court's criticism, the union cabinet's meeting, which was chaired by prime minister narendramodi , approved odisha government's request for a tribunal under inter-state river water disputes (isrwd) act, 1956.
;;0.4215;;singh, who has been working in assam since october 2014, went on to say that the victory reflected the people's faith in prime minister narendramodi and his development agenda for the region, especially his act east policy.
;;0.0;;the blueprint of the new development bank, as the institution will be called, was unveiled in brazils fortaleza where prime minister narendramodi and the presidents of the other brics nations are meeting for their sixth annual summit.
;;0.0;;file picturenew delhi: prime minister narendramodi sought to set the tone for the budget session by asking the opposition to rise above partisan politics but was bluntly reminded how the law was flouted with impunity over a film.
;;0.0258;;this time he has the backing of narendramodi and arun jaitley.
;;0.2023;;the leaders of the committee reminded that before the last lok sabha elections, prime minister narendramodi and his party colleagues had assured the linguistic and religious minorities of assam that they would solve their long-pending problems, including d-voters, detention camps and citizenship, if voted to power.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday asserted that terrorism could be wiped out only by an aggressive strategy like the one adopted by his government and scoffed at the opposition for taking exception to making national security an election issue.
;;0.0;;although prime minister narendramodi did not react for weeks, last saturday he finally denounced cow vigilantism first at an event in delhi and then in a public address in telangana.
;;0.6908;;i hope under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , bilateral cooperation would be further strengthened.
;;0.4404;;the partys jharkhand elections co-in-charge bhupendra yadav today officially released audio cds, singing praises for prime minister narendramodi , to strike a chord with the electorate.
;;-0.7096;;prime minister narendramodi claimed the development was proof of indias growing global influence and marked a big success for its efforts to combat terror, speaking in the middle of a general election and on a day maoists killed 15 policemen and their driver.
;;-0.6249;;the firing came hours after chief minister mehbooba mufti called on prime minister narendramodi in delhi and urged him to make efforts to deescalate tensions on the border.
;;0.296;;9: prime minister narendramodi today broke his silence on the kashmir unrest, promising humanity, development and jobs as a solution.
;;-0.0772;;basant kumar mohantynew delhi: the university grants commission appears sceptical about patna university's worthiness to be a part of the centre's institutions of eminence scheme though prime minister narendramodi had last week invited the institution to bid for the status.
;;-0.4471;;if the shiv sena were the first to go up one gear by declaring open season on bombay's muslims in early 1993, the bjp, once they were in power, brought in their own specialist in 2001: when narendramodi took over as the chief minister of gujarat he declared he wasn't there to play political test cricket, he was a votary of the limited overs format.
;;0.0;;reasserting what their prime ministerial candidate narendramodi had stated in amethi, chakraborty said there would not be any badla (revenge), only badlav (change) for the betterment of meghalaya and the country.
;;-0.5267;;it also urged prime minister narendramodi to punish jaitley for allegedly advising the governor.
;;0.0;;egyptian president abdel fattah al sisi will be feted by president pranab mukherjee, vice-president hamid ansari, prime minister narendramodi and foreign minister sushma swaraj during his three-day visit starting september 1, the foreign office said today.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi takes part in tulabharam, a ritual in which a devotee is weighed against an offering (in this case, lotus flowers), at the lord krishna temple in guruvayur in kerala on saturday.
;;0.6124;;(pti)prime minister narendramodi on saturday said political parties and pundits had failed to gauge the public mood ahead of the lok sabha elections and thanked voters for their support, his assertion coming in a state where the bjp drew a blank again.
;;0.5423;;25: organisations like the overseas friends of the bjp, the vishwa hindu parishad and the hindu swayamsevak sangh have been told to lie low when prime minister narendramodi interacts with civil society in australia next month.
;;0.0;;the crowd at an election rally by prime minister narendramodi at panchgram in hailakandi.
;;0.0;;file picture of narendramodi , (below) salseng c. marak shillong, aug.
;;0.3182;;so, when prime minister narendramodi announced from red fort on august 15 that the planning commission would soon pave way for a fresh body that would suit 21st century needs, it was expected that the states too would dismantle their planning boards and establish brand new organisations which would not be converted into sanctuaries for politicians.
;;-0.296;;the suspicion is that the letter of the governor, whose proximity to prime minister narendramodi when he was gujarat chief minister is well-documented, reached yeddyurappa after the bjp disclosed the call.
;;0.4019;;bharatiya janata party workers watch the live telecast of narendramodi modis speech as part of the main bhi chowkidar campaign in mirzapur on sunday, march 31, 2019.
;;-0.4588;;ptiin an apparent dig at congress' minimum income poll promise and the gandhi family, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said its four generations had made the same promises but nothing happened, and first- time voters should see the track record of those pitching for eliminating poverty.
;;0.0;;haryana's bjp chief minister m.l. khattar had prime minister narendramodi as the chief guest at gurgaon, some 281km from chandigarh.
;;0.0;;24: an abp news-nielsen opinion poll has predicted that narendramodi will return to power and with a bigger margin, as all other surveys have so far indicated.
;;0.6402;;modi mania: the crowd waits for prime minister narendramodi at delhi's ramlila maidan on the evening of may 8 picture credit: smita tripathigodse wasnt a mad man.
;;0.0;;the scene: prime minister narendramodi modis rally at the ramlila maidan in delhi.
;;0.3818;;the crowd clicking selfies with cut-outs of narendramodi picture credit: smita tripathimodiji must do something about population control, said trader from dilshad garden.
;;-0.5499;;but they conceded that a defeat in a big state like karnataka would lower morale and might prompt prime minister narendramodi to advance the general election.
;;-0.1027;;in india, any attempt to find a resolution - even with the consent of the families of the victims - led to allegations by the opposition, including then gujarat chief minister narendramodi , now india's prime minister.
;;-0.8225;;six persons died and 50 and odd people were injured in explosions at gandhi maidan before then bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi took the stage to address the people.
;;0.2846;;the two leaders also claimed that the terrorists had planned to target narendramodi or trigger a stampede at gandhi maidan, but it was the wisdom of the then gujarat chief minister and other bjp leaders that not a word was spoken on the blasts.
;;0.3134;;new delhi, july 9: prime minister narendramodi may not designate a number two to officiate in his absence like his predecessors manmohan singh and atal bihari vajpayee.
;;-0.0772;;he said at a time when prime minister narendramodi has directed union road, transport and highways minister nitin gadkari to take special steps for the development of roads and bridges in the northeast, the state governments indifferent role was questionable.
;;0.0;;president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi also congratulated sakshi malik.
;;0.2263;;1: assam chief minister tarun gogoi today accused prime minister narendramodi of changing his stand on the india-bangladesh land swap deal, a day after the latter hinted at backing the deal which would benefit assam in the long run.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday announced new names for three andaman and nicobar islands to honour netaji subhas chandra bose.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in port blair on sunday.
;;0.0;;in his instagram account, narendramodi posted this picture from port blair on sunday morning, along with the description: a morning in scenic port blair.
;;0.8316;;the success of the recent meet in wuhan between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping, he said, was helping improve bilateral ties in many ways.
;;0.8108;;but the sources said the leaders told the panel they had full faith in the constitutional body and that prime minister narendramodi had not violated the election code.
;;-0.4019;;how can you even imagine the bjp under narendramodi and amit shah can lose gujarat?
;;-0.34;;assam probethe guwahati-based kamala saikia memorial trust on saturday sent a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi , seeking a cbi inquiry into the murder of kamala saikia and 20 other journalists since 1991.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi condoled the deaths.
;;0.0;;(manob chowdhary)ranchi: in an extension of his pet charcha theme, prime minister narendramodi on friday addressed exam-related concerns from delhi's talkatora stadium, the online campaign titled pareeksha par charcha delaying distribution of midday meal in at least one government school here.
;;-0.6369;;our special correspondentnarendra modinew delhi: prime minister narendramodi , often accused of not speaking on issues agitating the nation, warned bjp politicians on sunday against making irresponsible statements that create controversy.
;;-0.4215;;mamata, however, turned it into a centre-state issue and launched an attack on prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, blaming them for the politically motivated raid.
;;0.0258;;dev rajpatna: chief minister nitish kumar on monday said he had a detailed discussion on rising cow vigilantism with prime minister narendramodi , who has backed stern action against them.
;;0.4019;;sitharaman claimed rahul was as active as prime minister narendramodi in tweeting on issues and asked why he was silent on the vadra controversy.
;;0.7184;;the party workers expressed confidence that under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , the bjp will make its presence felt in the btc election.
;;0.7003;;in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , intelligence bureau (ib) chief syed asif ibrahim today said the conference has identified poor response by the police stations in registering public complaints and the need for assured and effective delivery of police services that impact the day-to-day life of common man as the key issues that need to be addressed to improve the image of the police.
;;0.5106;;after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless, had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0.
;;-0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi has accused the congress of echoing the azadi chorus in kashmir, seizing on p. chidambaram's suggestion that most kashmiris mean autonomy when they demand azadi (freedom).
;;0.0;;30: prime minister narendramodi , the outsider who stormed the delhi citadel, has taken a meeting of police chiefs outside the capital for the first time in nearly a century.
;;0.4019;;television footage showed cbi chief ranjit sinha with his eyes closed during prime minister narendramodi modis speech in guwahati on the need for smart policing.
;;0.6249;;pdp chief mehbooba mufti has urged prime minister narendramodi to revoke the armed forces special powers act, which, she said, had generated a sense of impunity among security forces.
;;0.2732;;imphal, july 14: kuki inpi, india, has urged prime minister narendramodi to deliver justice to the victims of alleged atrocities by nscn (isak-muivah) cadres before a settlement with the group.
;;0.4497;;but ever since nitish met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi, the topic has become the talk of the town and jdu and bjp leaders are sharing their own thoughts on the demand.
;;-0.6369;;on june 23, lok sabha mp from shillong vincent pala sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention for a rehabilitation package for the people who have been affected by the ban.
;;0.296;;prime minister narendramodi has promised to break the spell of weak growth and high inflation.
;;-0.1027;;fali nariman new delhi, march 25 (pti): jurist fali nariman today questioned yogi adityanath's appointment as uttar pradesh chief minister, asking prime minister narendramodi whether it is the beginning of a hindu state.
;;0.5994;;the duo, arrested in the rose valley case, are in a hospital in the odisha capital calcutta, march 20: the lone trinamul congress mla in manipur today voted for the bjp in a floor test that narendramodi modi's party won to form the government, saying he had done what his party had asked him to do.
;;-0.5719;;the left and the congress have often alleged bonhomie between prime minister narendramodi and bengal chief minister mamata banerjee after the 2014 lok sabha polls, following which there was a perceived lull in the cbi probe into the saradha scam.
;;0.7964;;president barack obama seemingly established a good personal chemistry with manmohan singh; it is unlikely that this will be easily repeated with narendramodi , although the us president has reached out to him immediately after his election and welcomed him to washington, as did the secretary of state, john kerry.
;;-0.7096;;a bjp leader, who had accused vijay of running a hate campaign against prime minister narendramodi , had highlighted the actor's christian name - joseph vijay.
;;0.3818;;she urged the governor to take up the pending rights of persons with disabilities bill with prime minister narendramodi so that it can be passed by parliament in the interest of the physically challenged persons.
;;0.0772;;23: prime minister narendramodi today said his government was determined to make india an international arbitration hub for the resolution of domestic and global commercial disputes.
;;-0.6249;;telegraph file photobengal governor keshari nath tripathi monday said he has apprised prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah about the prevailing situation in the state, where post-poll violence has claimed nearly a dozen lives so far.
;;-0.4767;;ansari, who died last year, and gyan das had prepared a formula in 2014 for an amicable solution of the dispute and sought an appointment with prime minister narendramodi to present it before him.
;;0.0;;munda, who also met prime minister narendramodi in delhi recently, chose to be diplomatic when asked why the rss met him.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi had promised to bring acche din (good days).
;;0.2263;;participating in the first niti aayog meeting after prime minister narendramodi won a second term, the congress chief ministers said agriculture was going through a grave crisis for want of an adequate support system and structural reforms in marketing.
;;0.0129;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday suspended his monthly mann ki baat broadcast for march and april respecting democratic traditions but said he would be back on the last sunday of may by when results of the lok sabha elections are expected to be out.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is to arrive in odisha on monday to the review the situation.
;;0.0;;the existing federal democratic structure does not warrant continuance of the gubernatorial post, nitish said at the inter-state council (isc) meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi.
;;0.2023;;states, which have been given special status, have progressed on development scale chief minister nitish kumar today demanded at the inter-state council (isc) meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi that the post of governor in the states should be abolished as it was not warranted under the existing federal structure of the country.
;;0.34;;tirath appeared to be suggesting that he had little to learn from prime minister narendramodi , who has played a key role in ticket distribution for the 70-seat uttarakhand assembly.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi , a staunch advocate of simultaneous elections, wants bjp chief ministers to pass resolutions in their assemblies and generate public opinion in favour of the idea, sources said.
;;0.0;;the voluntary outfit will prepare a report after the drive is completed, tentatively on april 16, and submit it to prime minister narendramodi , the union health ministry and ministry of women and child development.
;;-0.0516;;sources said a call on whether it was politically prudent to get a majority by engineering defections from the opposition and then stake claim to form a government or go for fresh elections would be taken by prime minister narendramodi after he returns from brazil.
;;0.2144;;the narendramodi government may be concerned about clean india but does it have a somewhat blinkered view when it comes to green india?
;;-0.25;;a group of over 300 social environmental and tribal activists and organisations have sent a letter to prime minister narendramodi registering their protest against the proposed changes.
;;-0.5719;;18: narendramodi today sat through a chaotic question hour in the rajya sabha silently, signalling the centre wouldn't give in to the opposition's demand that he reply to a debate on conversions.
;;0.3818;;our special correspondentnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday railed against the conspiracies, misinformation and casteism he had had to surmount to win the gujarat election, appearing to indirectly acknowledge that it had been a close fight.
;;-0.0;;our special correspondentmani shankar aiyarnew delhi: former congress union minister mani shankar aiyar, who triggered a controversy with his vile man barb at prime minister narendramodi , has sought security cover from the union home ministry, sources said.
;;0.296;;picture by prem singhnew delhi: congress mp renuka chowdhury, under attack from trolls for guffawing in the rajya sabha at a claim made by prime minister narendramodi , on friday submitted a privilege notice against minister kiren rijiju for sharing on facebook a video showing surpanakha.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi is seeking another term in power, focusing his election campaign on national security, farm revival and job creation.
;;-0.4588;;barb at modipatna: socialist leader shivanand tiwari on saturday attacked prime minister narendramodi and said his government had done nothing to develop the country in two years.
;;0.5859;;darjeeling, march 23: the gorkha janmukti morcha claimed prime minister narendramodi today expressed his commitment to start the process of creating a separate state of gorkhaland.
;;0.1779;;morcha chief bimal gurung said in a statement: we met prime minister narendramodi with the demand of creating a separate state of gorkhaland.
;;0.0;;maruti unit in gujarat new delhi: japans suzuki motor corporation chairman osamu suzuki will meet gujarat chief minister narendramodi tomorrow to finalise the setting up of a manufacturing plant of its indian arm, maruti suzuki, in the state.
;;0.4767;;picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: the government at the centre is of capitalists and all the friends of the bjp are capitalists so the chief minister should now tell prime minister narendramodi to send adani and ambani to set up their units in bihar, leader of opposition tejashwi yadav taunted in the assembly on wednesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressing a rally in karnataka's gadag on saturday.
;;0.4019;;in/tumakuru (karnataka), may 5 (pti): prime minister narendramodi said on saturday that h.d. deve gowda's party was protecting the congress, claiming that the congress and the gowda's janata dal (secular) have entered into a secret pact for the karnataka assembly polls.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi yesterday unveiled the set of stamps by the department of posts to mark the quadrennial showpiece.
;;-0.0356;;ramachandra guhanew delhi, march 28 (pti): historian ramachandra guha today tweeted that he had been getting identical mails that warned him not to be critical of prime minister narendramodi and the bjp.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday extended his good wishes to anand.
;;0.0;;(pti)prime minister narendramodi is likely to hold a thanksgiving procession in his constituency of varanasi on may 28, local bjp sources said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi described today's launch as a monumental accomplishment for isro.
;;0.6597;;congress strategists recalled that while prime minister narendramodi succeeded in putting congress chief ministers on the defensive in states like haryana and himachal pradesh, his sermons on probity in public life would fall on deaf ears in karnataka.
;;0.0;;spoke to his son & offered condolences, chief minister narendramodi tweeted.
;;-0.743;;(prem singh)new delhi: rahul gandhi said on friday that prime minister narendramodi could write another book now, on battling exam leak stress.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp veteran l.k. advani were not present at the meeting but attended the lunch that followed.
;;0.4767;;on may 25, the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi gave its approval for introduction of two bills in parliament to modify the list of scheduled tribes in five states - assam, chhattisgarh, jharkhand, tamil nadu, tripura - and identification of new communities in the union territory of puducherry, sharda subba said.
;;-0.296;;senior congress leader p. chidambaram on monday hit back at prime minister narendramodi for apparently calling him recounting minister, insisting that there had been no re-count of votes in the 2009 lok sabha polls.
;;0.5106;;a similar meeting has been convened by the government tomorrow during which prime minister narendramodi and top opposition leaders are expected to express their views on pertinent issues, which they would like to be taken up in the session.
;;0.4939;;finally, in an election that promises to centre on the leadership attributes of prime minister narendramodi , mamata banerjee was anxious to demonstrate that she was a prime-ministerial contender as well.
;;0.5423;;soon after, he began praising the bjps pm candidate narendramodi and claimed he was in touch with the bjp even while in the ncp.
;;0.6808;;a prominent organisation of the area, anti-corruption league, is thinking of meeting prime minister narendramodi to apprise him about the situation, seeking adequate security in the plain areas of garo hills.
;;0.0;;on nirav being part of the group photograph of indian ceos with prime minister narendramodi at davos, kumar said: this gentleman was not part of the official delegation.
;;-0.8176;;prime minister narendramodi addresses a public meeting ahead of the general elections at himatnagar in sabarkantha district picture by ptiprime minister narendramodi on wednesday identified himself as a backward-caste man and accused rahul gandhi of abusing the entire community with his why do all thieves have modi in their names remark.
;;0.2924;;(pti) new delhi, june 13: amit shah, narendramodi modis political associate and confidant, appears set to become bjp president if things proceed without a last-minute upset, sources said.
;;0.0;;he kept his equations with then gujarat chief minister narendramodi going  they had been on cordial terms since vajpayees time.
;;-0.1531;;(pti)bangalore: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday accused rahul gandhi of sky-high arrogance and drew a parallel with a bully, twisting to a boastful certainty the congress leader's statement that he was ready to be prime minister if the congress won in 2019.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and his nepalese counterpart, khadga prasad sharma oli, jointly inaugurated the icp, located to the west of raxaul, through remote control from delhi on april 7.
;;0.0258;;even bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi is backed by the rss.
;;0.7184;;this friend is the kind of man who has the the number of each states lok sabha seats by heart and we went through the math, as the americans like to call it, to see how close narendramodi and the bjp could get to a majority in this years elections.
;;0.0;;lets just say narendramodi makes it to prime minister.
;;0.0516;;no doubt mr tully has reasons for his faith, and he may well be right in that eventually narendramodi will have to relinquish his power and indian democracy  in some shape or form  will most likely outlast his spell in delhi.
;;-0.4767;;unlike the murderously benighted product of baba-log culture, sanjay gandhi, narendramodi makes no pretence of caring for the environment, not really.
;;0.9161;;its fuzzy as to how deeply religious narendramodi actually is, but in this case he is at one with the american christian right  god has given us this planet to play with and god will rescue and repair the planet when the time comes.
;;0.1779;;like dracula is scared of garlic and the cross, like superman wilts before the mineral krypton, like duryodhan has a weak spot around his jockey shorts, this is one thing that is, perhaps, the softest part of narendramodi modis soft underbelly.
;;0.7003;;new delhi, may 9: a delegation of muslim clerics met prime minister narendramodi today in the hope of setting up a mechanism for direct access to him or a representative to foster better understanding in the government on issues related to the community.
;;0.2263;;yesterday's landmark tryst between prime minister narendramodi and former kashmiri separatist of the people's conference (pc), sajjad lone, is a signal the bjp seeks to loosen the stranglehold of dominant valley players - the abdullahs of the national conference (nc) and the muftis of the people's democratic party (pdp) - and shift the centre of gravity of state politics.
;;0.1779;;the issue of rising non-performing assets (npas) was discussed at a meeting called by prime minister narendramodi last week.
;;-0.9287;;19: former assam chief minister tarun gogoi today criticised the narendramodi government at the centre for yesterday's dastardly uri attack, saying it has not learnt its lessons from the terrorist attack on pathankot airport base.
;;-0.7783;;he alleged that prime minister narendramodi has no idea how to deal with pakistan, which is sponsoring terrorism.
;;-0.6369;;cong slams pm the congress today targeted prime minister narendramodi over the uri terror attack, holding him singularly responsible for the complete disarray in the government's policy vis--vis pakistan.
;;0.4588;;prior to the 2014 lok sabha election, narendramodi consistently counselled the congress government to 'stop writing love letters to pakistan'.
;;0.0;;time has come for us to remind narendramodi of his ' jumlas' and rhetoric once again.
;;0.0;;verma also held a meeting to know about the arrangements made on teachers day to beam live prime minister narendramodi modis address to children across the nation.
;;0.0;;more recently, the foreign office has purchased books on prime minister narendramodi , including one on his foreign policy by a strategic affairs writer.
;;0.0;;a kisan chachi, whose pickles have tickled the taste buds of prime minister narendramodi , chief minister nitish kumar and superstar amitabh bachchan, has gone online.
;;-0.6908;;sanjay k. jhanew delhi: rahul gandhi said on monday that prime minister narendramodi was reluctant to acknowledge the job crisis because accepting it would undermine his  achchhe din narrative.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah used both money and muscle powers to form a government in karnataka.
;;0.5499;;but yes, now we do expect narendramodi and amit shah to justify their actions in the people's court.
;;0.2732;;congress leaders said such discourse had become commonplace despite prime minister narendramodi modis claim of being committed to the politics of development.
;;0.0;;the boat of narendramodi government is sinking, and everyone knows this.
;;0.2973;;(pti)launching a scathing attack on prime minister narendramodi , bsp supremo mayawati on tuesday said the country will not be deceived by dual characters anymore and it now wants only a prime minister, not a chaiwala or chowkidaar.
;;0.0;;the boat of narendramodi government is sinking, and everyone knows this.
;;-0.5106;;ahmedabad, march 7: gujarat police today blocked a key road leading to gandhinagar to stop arvind kejriwal, who planned to meet narendramodi without an appointment and grill him about his development claims.
;;0.0;;chief minister naveen patnaik today wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi in this regard.
;;-0.5106;;the two naidus - chief minister chandrababu naidu, a bjp ally, and union minister venkaiah naidu - are taking most of the flak for failing to persuade prime minister narendramodi to accord the status to the state.
;;0.0;;he said the outfit would also write to prime minister narendramodi seeking the quashing of this directives.
;;-0.4588;;silent protest residents of 25 villages of patratu will be holding a silent protest on august 24, the day prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to be in jamshedpur from where he would use the internet to lay the foundation of a new power plant at patratu thermal power station (ptps) in ramgarh district.
;;0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi interacts with students at the grand finale of 'smart india hackathon' in new delhi on march 2, 2019.
;;-0.6597;;source: @narendramodia national body campaigning for the rights of the disabled said on monday its state affiliates would file complaints against prime minister narendramodi for mocking at people with dyslexia during an interaction with students on saturday.
;;0.6908;;branding expert gaurav gulati, reminds us of a recent speech by prime minister narendramodi in which he spoke about how as gujarat chief minister he used amitabh bachchan's popularity to promote state tourism.
;;-0.7845;;congress spokesperson and senior lawyer abhishek singhvi believes that the election commissions inaction on complaints of poll code violation against prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah has highlighted a need to change the process of appointing election commissioners.
;;0.5719;;in all cases except when these two  prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah  are mentioned, we have got excellent results.
;;0.0;;in march the cbi had said it was not aware of the whereabouts of nirav, who left the country in january and was last seen in public at davos with prime minister narendramodi and other industrialists.
;;0.7579;;prime minister narendramodi will join us president barack obama and chinese president xi jinping along with other world leaders to discuss global efforts needed to boost economic growth and trade.
;;0.0;;addressing a news conference here today, apw president aabhijeet sharma today said they will write to prime minister narendramodi and urge him to cancel the permission granted to the chinese delegation, led by china's ambassador to india luo zhaohui, to visit the state from april 15 to 17 as there could be a hidden agenda behind the visit.
;;0.0;;the guwahati regional office of the nhai provided this information to gauhati high court lawyer nayan moni hazarika in response to a letter written by him to prime minister narendramodi , in december last year, seeking the construction of flyovers and installation of streetlights on the 18km stretch of the highway.
;;0.1027;;delayed for around a month as prime minister narendramodi could not participate in the function as was his original schedule, the convocation saw 750 students receiving their degrees clad in ivory kurta pyjamas, salwar kameezes and saris for the first time at the tech college's famed penman auditorium.
;;-0.1779;;(pti photo)congress chief rahul gandhi on tuesday attacked prime minister narendramodi over his 2014 promise of depositing rs 15 lakh in every citizens bank account.
;;0.2263;;he issued a point-by-point rebuttal of prime minister narendramodi modis recent remarks on the upa governments performance on the economy, but also wished the government well in its efforts to manage the economy with tough decisions.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi , who is guided by the ideologies of rss, had promised 2 crore jobs every year to unemployed youths in the country in his lok sabha election campaign in 2014.
;;0.0;;some of the leaders will visit delhi next month to meet prime minister narendramodi and union tribal affairs minister jual oram.
;;0.4019;;the maiden session of 17th lok sabha commenced on monday with prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi, defence minister rajnath singh, home minister amit shah and transport and highways minister nitin gadkari among the prominent members who took oath on the first day.
;;-0.4019;;he said neda leaders would meet prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah in the first week of october and they would discuss different problems in the region.
;;0.0;;a man holds up a poster of gujarat chief minister narendramodi during the rally at gandhi maidan in patna on saturday.
;;0.5719;;under the flagship make in india scheme, prime minister narendramodi had emphasised on the role of space science for good governance last year, based on the vision of which the union ministry of mines conceptualised and launched mine surveillance system or mss, a satellite-based monitoring system through automatic remote sensing detection technology for responsive mineral administration to curb illegal mining, on october 15, 2016.
;;0.0;;the make in odisha conclave was started after prime minister narendramodi had exhorted states to have their own event in line with his make in india programme.
;;-0.5574;;shiv sena mouthpiece saamana too recently urged prime minister narendramodi to ban the burqa in public places in india.
;;0.0;;q you were invited to the swearing-in ceremony of prime minister narendramodi in 2014.
;;0.7783;;moments after ahluwalia administered the oath of office and secrecy at rashtrapati bhavan, morcha chief bimal gurung issued a press release extending heartfelt gratitude to prime minister narendramodi and congratulating ahluwalia on his new role.
;;0.1027;;with both prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah making repeated visits to karnataka to pitch for their party, radhakrishna said it only showed how desperate the rival was.
;;0.0;;rajiv pratap rudy has requested prime minister narendramodi to inaugurate the railway wheel factory at bela in saran district.
;;0.0;;the saran mp told the telegraph on thursday: i recently met railway minister suresh prabhu and we jointly requested narendramodi to inaugurate the railway wheel factory.
;;0.8591;;today's action further demonstrates that india is safe and secure under the strong and decisive leadership of prime minister narendramodi , he said.
;;0.7184;;picture by prashant mitra had prime minister narendramodi been present at jap-1 grounds in ranchi on wednesday, he would have been surely impressed.
;;0.7579;;itanagar, april 18: arunachal pradesh chief minister pema khandu today welcomed the sanctioning of eight new railway lines in the state and said it was a courageous decision by prime minister narendramodi to extend the lines up to tawang.
;;-0.4588;;lalu appealed to the people of gujarat to defeat prime minister narendramodi in the assembly elections and said he is with the congress in gujarat polls.
;;-0.7906;;20: the seat-sharing dispute between the bjp and the shiv sena has reached the doorstep of prime minister narendramodi with negotiations failing to break the deadlock till late tonight.
;;-0.2023;;(clockwise from top left) william hague, philip hammond who replaces hague as the new foreign secretary and priti patel with david cameron in calcutta in november, 2013 london, july 15: william hague, who was in india only a few days ago meeting narendramodi , arun jaitley and sushma swaraj, has caused widespread shock by stepping down as foreign secretary in a wide ranging cabinet reshuffle being undertaken by david cameron.
;;0.25;;on his commitment to the foreigners problem, he added that the bjp-led centre was committed to what prime minister narendramodi had said on the eve of last parliamentary elections that the religious minorities who came to india from bangladesh would be given shelter.
;;0.0;;the senior bjp leaders also reviewed preparations for prime minister narendramodi modis proposed visit to ranchi on august 21 when he is scheduled to inaugurate a 2,500 mw central power grid.
;;0.4215;;picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar, april 11: congress leader and former union minister srikant jena today raked up the mahanadi water sharing issue saying that prime minister narendramodi should address the state's concerns in this regard.
;;-0.4767;;joining a solidarity meeting on the campus on thursday, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal had attacked prime minister narendramodi for the delay in tracing najeeb.
;;0.0;;the first meeting under the chairmanship of prime minister narendramodi was convened only in the 46th month of his 60-month term  on march 1, 2018  and after court intervention.
;;0.743;;showcasing a classic example of such nuisance, overenthusiastic bjp supporters on friday made a serious breach of security at jayaprakash narayan international airport to greet the three newly appointed union ministers  rajiv pratap rudy, giriraj singh and ram kripal yadav on their arrival to the city for the first time after being inducted in prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet.
;;0.0;;pat for pmpatna: chief minister nitish kumar on wednesdaycongratulated prime minister narendramodi for completing two years in office.
;;0.0;;sharma said the court should take note of the haste shown by prime minister narendramodi in what the congress spokesperson described as an attempt to remove the reinstated verma, who is to retire on january 19 anyway.
;;0.8176;;picture by gautam sarkarpatna: chief minister nitish kumar wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi on sunday proposing that eminent freedom fighter, socialist and social reformer ram manohar lohia be awarded the bharat ratna for his contribution to the nation and society.
;;0.4588;;rahul gandhi wears a traditional hat as geeta koda looks on in chaibasa on tuesday picture by manob chowdharycongress president rahul gandhi on tuesday in chaibasa dared prime minister narendramodi to cite one instance when tribal land taken for industry had been returned, and charmed dhanbad with his humility at a roadshow later.
;;-0.2263;;campaigning for congresss singhbhum lok sabha candidate geeta koda before a crowd of 20,000 in the scorching tuesday afternoon in chaibasa, a day after prime minister narendramodi there reminding people of bofors and promised no one would be able to tamper with the adivasis right over water and land, rahul accused modi of taking away tribal land.
;;0.802;;showering praise on the newly elected speaker as birla took the chair, prime minister narendramodi hailed him as a leader who had devoted himself to jan seva (public service).
;;0.2732;;patna, april 23: chief minister nitish kumar objected the way the niti aayog circulated the agenda for its third governing council meeting, chaired by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi, and demanded that state governments be given a chance to submit comprehensive comments on key policy issues.
;;0.7717;;it has now been changed to 60:40 between the centre and the state; honorarium for people deployed to implement centrally sponsored schemes should be revised and the centre should bear the financial burden; direct benefit transfer in schemes like icds and mid-day meals; special central assistance for skill development of 1 crore youth in bihar in next five years at cost rs 12,000 crore; time-bound programme to bridge the economical gap between states for poverty alleviation; and the centre should implement the promise made by the prime minister narendramodi during lok sabha polls to provide minimum support price to farmers @ 50 per cent over the production cost at constant prices instead of current prices.
;;0.3182;;prabhu, though, has shared warm ties with narendramodi since calling off his visit to wharton school, a leading b-school in america, to protest its cancellation of a speech by modi in 2013.
;;-0.8176;;attack in istanbul is inhuman and horrific, prime minister narendramodi tweeted.
;;0.1226;;new delhi, april 18: most opposition parties are in favour of a contest in the presidential election as they fear prime minister narendramodi will not attempt evolving a consensus and will instead try to impose his choice on the nation.
;;0.5859;;telegraph file picturecpm general secretary sitaram yechury on saturday asked the election commission to direct public broadcasters all india radio and doordarshan to give opposition leaders the same kind of airtime prime minister narendramodi got on wednesday when he addressed the nation on the successful testing of an anti-satellite missile.
;;-0.25;;rajneesh raised the statement by rjd leader tej pratap yadav on monday threatening to skin prime minister narendramodi after the centre downgraded his father lalu prasad's security cover.
;;-0.5574;;4 (pti): india today raised its concern with beijing over the china-pakistan economic corridor being laid through pakistan-occupied kashmir and terrorism emanating from the region, with narendramodi telling president xi jinping the two countries need to be sensitive to each other's strategic interests.
;;0.6486;;today, prime minister narendramodi drew cheers when he reminded nepal, perhaps immodestly but accurately, how a high horse power engine of development had delivered in six months projects promised years back by india.
;;0.0;;4 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on monday slammed rahul gandhi's expected elevation as congress president, dubbing it as aurangzebi raj.
;;0.7096;;after narendramodi became prime minister, sanjay seth, a party member who is now chairman of the state khadi board, and i were given the responsibility of taking care of the prime minister's visit to the state.
;;-0.8225;;29: indian and us army troops launched mock attacks on terror bases during an exercise in the uttarakhand hills that coincided with prime minister narendramodi modis us visit.
;;0.5267;;picture by ranjeet kumar dey the left parties cpi, cpm and cpi(ml) on sunday pledged to oppose the bjp and prime minister narendramodi together and resolved to organise a joint rally at gandhi maidan in 2015, the date of which would be decided later.
;;-0.296;;prime minister narendramodi on monday accused mamata banerjee of pursuing cheap politics over cyclone fani, claiming that she did not speak to him when he tried to contact her to talk about the calamity.
;;0.6486;;but now, post the revised land boundary agreement signed by prime minister narendramodi and his bangladesh counterpart, sheikh hasina, the two countries swapped enclaves and the people inhabiting these were allowed to pick a nationality of their choice.
;;-0.7184;;police arrested the accused only after protests compelled narendramodi , rahul gandhi and arvind kejriwal to speak out.
;;0.3182;;the emphatic victory of the bjp in uttar pradesh, led by prime minister narendramodi , is expected to offer him fresh domestic legitimacy to attempt negotiations with pakistan.
;;-0.4767;;assam pcc senior spokesperson apurba bhattacharjee told the telegraph that the anti-people step to maintain a minimum balance defeated the very purpose for which prime minister narendramodi had introduced the scheme.
;;-0.2732;;the reserve bank of india had warned the government about demonetisation hours before prime minister narendramodi announced the move on november 8, 2016, congress leader jairan ramesh said at a press conference on monday.
;;-0.2732;;be it prime minister narendramodi or congress president sonia gandhi, every opposition leader campaigning in bengal sought answers from the chief minister on corruption charges against her lieutenants.
;;0.0;;25 lakh crore for bihar on tuesday, announced by prime minister narendramodi during his election campaign for the bihar 2015 assembly election.
;;0.6597;;the medics have tagged prime minister narendramodi , the pmo, union health minister j.p. nadda in tweets asking where are the good days promised, posted pictures of inundated aiims campus after few hours of rain, open drainage canal and incomplete structures.
;;-0.9423;;the full article  published first in rising kashmir on monday, headlined on cloud nine of nationalism  condemned prime minister narendramodi for indulging in anti-national activity, spreading unscientific temper, insulting the armed forces, and suspected his lying was the outcome of a compulsive psychological disorder.
;;-0.5023;;the woman from the video kiran bedi had tweetedpuducherry: lieutenant-governor kiran bedi tweeted a video of an old woman dancing, thinking her to be the mother of prime minister narendramodi , but realised later that the clip she had posted was a case of mistaken identity.
;;0.2732;;mitra, the robot that greeted prime minister narendramodi and ivanka trump in hyderabad last november, is also from bangalore.
;;0.0;;india is chairing the brics at the moment, and prime minister narendramodi , brazilian president michel temer, russian president vladimir putin, chinese president xi jinping and south africa president jacob zuma are expected to land in goa for the summit on saturday morning.
;;-0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday cast himself in the mould of mangal pandey and chittu pandey and said he had rebelled against poverty in the same way that they had stood up against british rule.
;;-0.0258;;mention his name and there is a palpable sense of discomfort with it in the current bjp dispensation, presided over by prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah.
;;-0.0772;;but an indian official said mbs joined prime minister narendramodi in condemning the pulwama attack in the strongest terms.
;;0.1027;;the congress had, as it is, launched a scathing attack on prime minister narendramodi for breaking protocol and offering a tarmac welcome to saudi arabias crown prince mohammed bin salman when he touched down on indian soil on tuesday, a day after visiting pakistan.
;;-0.3506;;3: prime minister narendramodi today enhanced india's defence loan to vietnam six-fold but stayed mum in public on the south china sea where hanoi is locked in a dispute with beijing, in a careful balance dictated by tactics ahead of key multilateral meets.
;;0.4019;;during the general election, which his party did not contest, raj had campaigned vigorously for congress and ncp candidates, attacking prime minister narendramodi like few others have.
;;0.0;;reliance capital's newly-appointed director anmol ambani said prime minister narendramodi had set a goal of affordable housing for all by 2022.
;;-0.296;;amit bhelaripatna: rjd chief lalu prasad on wednesday accused prime minister narendramodi of shielding bjp president amit shah's son jay shah, whose firm's turnover allegedly jumped 16,000 times in a year.
;;0.0;;where is narendramodi now?
;;0.0;;bjd mlas targeted the centre andprime minister narendramodi on the issue.
;;-0.7003;;raj was recently embroiled in a controversy when he questioned the silence of prime minister narendramodi over the killing of journalist gauri lankesh.
;;0.5093;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted: welcome home wing commander abhinandan!
;;-0.5719;;2: the all-manipur tribal union has urged prime minister narendramodi to order a study by an expert team to find out the root of hate crimes on people from the northeast in the countrys cities outside the region.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi had at a morning meeting of party mps urged everyone to be present and support the bill, but was himself absent during the four-hour debate and the bill's passage by voice vote.
;;-0.1027;;new delhi, june 6: prime minister narendramodi is slated to have his passport stamped with a us visa shortly for a meeting with president barack obama in september  a privilege that had been denied to him by washington dc when he was gujarat chief minister.
;;0.5859;;tobgay, who was here for modis swearing-in, said he was honored and humbled that narendramodi chose bhutan for his first foreign trip as prime minister.
;;0.2716;;our country is currently witnessing a period of hegemony of prime minister narendramodi and in this scenario the role of opposition has become even more important, she said.
;;0.1027;;our special correspondentnew delhi: after the curtains came down on the winter session of parliament, congress chief rahul gandhi mocked prime minister narendramodi for not appointing the lokpal although four years had passed since the legislation on the anti-corruption watchdog was introduced.
;;-0.2023;;2: amid the din and bustle of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to tripura yesterday, what escaped public attention was the patient hearing given by the prime minister to chief minister manik sarkars version on how insurgency had been curbed in the state and how surrendered rebels were being rehabilitated.
;;0.0;;narendra modi and (above) naveen patnaik bhubaneswar, june 1: biju janata dal president and chief minister naveen patnaik will meet prime minister narendramodi in new delhi tomorrow.
;;0.6908;;after the early trends seemed to indicate a bjp win on tuesday, prime minister narendramodi had hailed the unparalleled victory and the party's southward expansion.
;;-0.7184;;in 2016, kapil had tagged prime minister narendramodi in an angry tweet asking about achchhe din after some brihanmumbai municipal corporation officials allegedly demanded a bribe of rs 5 lakh from him for a construction at his property in andheri.
;;-0.672;;attacking the bjps double-speak and alleging it neither had conviction nor a definite line of action on liberalisation, congress spokesperson p.c. chacko said: prime minister narendramodi tweeted accusing us of selling the country when we wanted to bring 49 per cent fdi in insurance.
;;0.4019;;the niti aayog in this three-year action plan, which was presented at its third governing council meeting on april 23 before prime minister narendramodi , aims to boost the viability and sales of the products from the region.
;;-0.1779;;his facebook account has photos showing him shaking hands with prime minister narendramodi , manmohan singh and vice-president hamid ansari, besides family albums.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, rajya sabha chairman m. venkaiah naidu had announced that prime minister narendramodi had re-appointed jaitley as the leader of the house.
;;-0.7845;;some 400 sadhus gathered at the ardh kumbh have appealed to voters to oust prime minister narendramodi for cheating ram by failing to build a temple to him at ayodhya.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp veteran leader l.k. advani were seated on either side of the duo.
;;-0.296;;asked if prime minister narendramodi had expressed concern over the incidents in bengal, mamata said: there is no such thing.
;;0.0;;tmc ralliesasansol: trinamul on monday organised two public meetings with actor mithun chakraborty at the same venues in asansol and bankura where narendramodi spoke a day before, an attempt to overcome the modi effect a couple of days before the polls.
;;0.7184;;as respectful as i am of the us, i am equally respectful of russia, prime minister narendramodi had said in a recent television interview.
;;-0.4404;;(pti)new delhi: rahul gandhi on monday taunted prime minister narendramodi for an allegedly scripted interview he gave in singapore on friday and scoffed that any attempt to answer real questions might have led to real embarrassment.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with dr. raman singh, chief minister of chhattisgarh at the jangla rural bpo.
;;-0.6124;;14 (agencies): prime minister narendramodi on saturday inaugurated the first health centre under the national health protection scheme, which aims to cover 100 million poor and vulnerable families across india.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs, led by prime minister narendramodi , recently approved the bamboo mission under the national mission for sustainable agriculture.
;;0.0;;(reuters)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi , who has been on the campaign trail in karnataka for the past 10 days, appeared to be still in election mode when he addressed a civic reception at janakpur in nepal on friday morning.
;;0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi reaches the parliament complex on friday night before gst was launched at midnight.
;;0.6705;;picture by prem singhnew delhi, june 30: prime minister narendramodi gave the goods and services tax - the destination-based indirect tax regime that will replace a concertina of federal and state levies - a palatable name: good and simple tax.
;;0.0;;not once but twice, prime minister narendramodi on friday raised his clenched fists and joined others in a pledge to make narendramodi the prime minister again.
;;-0.128;;twelve trinamul congress mps met prime minister narendramodi on wednesday to demand early introduction of a constitutional amendment to change the name of west bengal to bangla.
;;0.3818;;at her annual news conference on monday, the foreign minister had said while speaking on the government's indian diaspora outreach: no prime minister has engaged with the indian diaspora as narendramodi has.
;;0.7269;;former deputy prime minister of nepal and chairman of the rastriya prajatantra party, kamal thapa, tweeted: hon'ble sushma ji for your kind information pm narendramodi of india addressed nepali people at a civic reception in janakpur, nepal, and not the indian community as you mentioned in your statement.
;;-0.9468;;the statement asked prime minister narendramodi to sack adityanath in the wake of several unseemly incidents, ranging from violence against girls at banaras hindu university to the suicide attempt by a rape victim in front of his house.
;;-0.3818;;picture: ptithane (maha), june 12 (pti): congress president rahul gandhi on tuesday slammed prime minister narendramodi for not talking about employment for youth and farmers and said that his fight was against the government's policies.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi came to power promising ' achche din' to countrymen.
;;-0.6908;;senior congress politicians and former ministers expressed concern at the centre's attitude that betrays a lack of foresight and understanding and hoped that prime minister narendramodi would learn from past mistakes.
;;0.6808;;8: the barwaddah airstrip on the outskirts of dhanbad town, where prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to address a rally in favour of party candidate raj sinha tomorrow, was handed over to the spg after a thorough inspection.
;;0.6597;;our special correspondentnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday likened the congress to termites and asked the voters of himachal pradesh to uproot their ruling party and give a three-fourths majority to the bjp.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi had raised both issues on sunday at the party national executive in bhubaneswar.
;;0.0;;16: chief minister jitan ram manjhis independence day speech seemed to carry on from where prime minister narendramodi left.
;;-0.0516;;soon, journalists began to address questions to the ec, which is yet to agree to the oppositions demand to defer the release of a biopic on prime minister narendramodi on friday.
;;0.25;;a delegation of senior ipft leaders, headed by party president narendramodi debbarma, will leave for new delhi on thursday to meet prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh to press for their demand.
;;0.7506;;pti picturemumbai, may 10 (pti): the shiv sena on thursday praised congress president rahul gandhi for being dignified while attacking prime minister narendramodi in his speeches and said he could pose a challenge to the bharatiya janata party in 2019.
;;0.4404;;pictures by hardeep singh ranchi, july 1: day one of gst, which prime minister narendramodi described as good and simple tax prior to its nationwide rollout at midnight, was all about questions.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi will felicitate the winners on april 14 at nagpur on the occasion of ambedkar jayanti.
;;-0.7845;;according to the tehelka magazine, the report said the gujarat government overlooked ghastly and violent attacks on muslims after the godhra carnage and that chief minister narendramodi had tried to water down the gravity of the situation by contending that every action has an equal and opposite reaction.
;;0.5023;;but they conceded that a bjp victory in a big state like karnataka would hit the congress's morale and might prompt prime minister narendramodi to advance the general election, due next summer.
;;-0.743;;our bureaunarendra modia scoundrel may be of use to us just because he is a scoundrelvladimir leninnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi has for the first time condemned overnight the presumed scoundrels who were threatening to make statue vandalism a cross-country mission.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister shri narendramodi has strongly condemned the reported incidents of vandalism in certain parts of the country and said stern action will be taken against those found guilty.
;;0.3182;;siddaramaiah has sought an appointment with prime minister narendramodi tomorrow to brief him about the situation and seek help in finding a lasting solution to the decades-old river dispute between the two states.
;;0.7783;;18: india and australia today pulled tighter together in a strategic embrace amid attempts by prime minister narendramodi to thrust new delhi as a major player in the asia pacific, announcing a flurry of policy initiatives on security and intelligence cooperation.
;;0.0516;;picture by prashant mitraa very brief spell of rain in the evening failed to dampen the enthusiasm building up across the capital on thursday for the international yoga day celebrations on friday in which prime minister narendramodi will perform asanas along with tens of thousands of participants  from dignitaries to common people  at the prabahat tara ground in dhurwa.
;;0.0;;over 40,000 people will perform yoga with prime minister narendramodi , ray said.
;;0.0;;the central team's visit is fallout of chief minister nitish kumar's recent meeting with prime minister narendramodi where nitish had requested for the same.
;;-0.25;;the supreme court on wednesday refused to hear congress lawmaker sushmita dev's plea seeking action against prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah for alleged poll code violations.
;;0.128;;the bjp general secretary is overseeing the drive, to be launched by prime minister narendramodi tomorrow.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had on november 6 met dmk chief karunanidhi at his chennai home.
;;-0.0516;;8: between kutch and kashmir, prime minister narendramodi found a tool to poke pakistan with pointed indifference at his first and only election outing in the valley this afternoon.
;;0.0;;the cover page of the manifesto has a photograph of prime minister narendramodi making a gesture with his fingers that imply quotation marks.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi had dedicated the rs 34,555-crore refinery project to the nation in february 2016, said paradip-erasama industrial workers' union leader bapi serkhel.
;;0.2023;;the bench made the suggestion after senior advocate gopal subramanium, who appeared for odisha, brought to the court's notice a letter addressed by chief minister naveen patnaik on november 28 last year to prime minister narendramodi , opposing the construction of the project until the matter was resolved by the apex court.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will make his first foreign visit to bhutan later this month, reports pti.
;;0.0;;2 in the cabinet, is likely to visit the country at the head of a delegation that will seek to push a wide array of business deals with the narendramodi government, including the contract for the 126 rafale aircraft.
;;-0.7184;;the officials received a memorandum addressed to prime minister narendramodi and adityanath demanding harsh action against those who try to stop such processions.
;;0.0;;the transport scheme, understood to be the brainchild of prime minister narendramodi , proposes to provide one bus per panchayat.
;;0.5267;;the congress on wednesday sought an fir against prime minister narendramodi on the rafale deal under the prevention of corruption act, claiming the indian negotiation teams report made it clear that he had looted the nations treasury.
;;0.25;;sonowal called on the ministry to take initiative to provide skills to the contractors for making prime minister narendramodi modis vision of a new india a reality.
;;0.0;;october 31 is patels 143rd birth anniversary, the day prime minister narendramodi will dedicate the 240-metre-tall statue to the nation.
;;0.4019;;bhattacharya alleged chief minister raghubar das misled prime minister narendramodi into indirectly campaigning for the party at adjoining sahebganj on april 6.
;;-0.765;;he, however, kept mum on the rally though he continued attacking prime minister narendramodi over the note ban.
;;-0.2263;;picture by sachin prime minister narendramodi has not only outsmarted his political rivals on the political turf, he appears to have forced them out of the cracker market as well.
;;0.0;;he is narendramodi modi.
;;0.0;;not long ago, the actor-turned-politician used to look up to bjp leader l.k. advani as a father figure and even preferred narendramodi modis bete noire nitish kumar as a prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.0;;the ministry of ayush has organised a mega event to mark the 2016 yoga day in chandigarh where prime minister narendramodi is likely to take part.
;;0.1531;;ashutosh mishraacting odisha governor satya pal malik greets prime minister narendramodi in bhubaneswar on saturday.
;;0.128;;picture by ashwinee paticuttack: prime minister narendramodi on saturday virtually launched his party's campaign for the 2019 elections from the city with the slogan of building a new india based on the principle of  saaf niyat sahi vikas.
;;0.0;;these include prime minister narendramodi modis march 27 public announcement of the launch of the anti-satellite interceptor missile last month.
;;-0.091;;the eci has been acting with the same lethargy in respect of the namo tv channel launched on 31 march 2019, which, without any formal approval of the ministry of information and broadcasting, is propagating the image and views of shri narendramodi , the letter notes.
;;0.5423;;digvijaya has accused prime minister narendramodi of using the surgical strikes to try and win the upcoming elections, while khurshid has said the brave military is being used for cheap, devious politics.
;;0.2732;;he also hit out at prime minister narendramodi and the bharatiya janata party, charging that income-tax raids were ordered against congress workers and well-wishers out of desperation because the saffron party was sure of losing the election.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had said in a recent interview that even a person selling pakodas was employed.
;;0.0;;this is one sphere in which narendramodi is making an unmistakable change.
;;0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi and his government cannot run away from the rafale investigation, rahul gandhi said on a day the supreme court reinstated cbi director alok verma.
;;0.3182;;i have a simple question, please tell the country when prime minister narendramodi bypassed the old rafale deal.
;;0.4939;;believe me, the nation is going to 100 per cent know that narendramodi has taken rs 30,000 crore of people's money and given it to his friend anil ambani.
;;0.0;;asked by sitapati if prime minister narendramodi had any lessons to learn from rao as he pushes for a new generation of reforms, columnist shekhar gupta first took recourse to a sardonic disclaimer: learn?
;;-0.1779;;subhashish mohantybhubaneswar: the bjd on monday raked up the mahanadi row accusing the narendramodi government of adopting a partisan attitude on the issue that has become a bone of contention between odisha and chhattisgarh.
;;-0.4019;;chief minister naveen patnaik has urged prime minister narendramodi more than four times to constitute a tribunal to settle the dispute with chhattisgarh.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi expressed anguish over the deaths.
;;0.1779;;(pti)lashing out at opposition parties, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday the congress and the rjd will push 21st century india into darkness, if voted to power.
;;-0.4588;;(prem singh)the congress leadership has decided to focus attention on gujarat amid fears in the party that prime minister narendramodi can salvage lost ground in his home state by invoking pride and victimhood.
;;-0.7964;;the panel has taken no action on multiple complaints of poll code violation against prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi, may 2: the congress today accused prime minister narendramodi and the bjp of ignoring national security because of their obsession with electioneering.
;;0.1531;;mamata banerjee, narendramodi modinew delhi, july 27: bengal chief minister mamata banerjee met prime minister narendramodi today and is said to have iterated the state's demands regarding debt restructuring and flood relief.
;;-0.6124;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on saturday called prime minister narendramodi a liar and accused the bjp of trying to turn legal citizens of the country into foreigners in the name of nrc and citizenship (amendment) bill.
;;0.7845;;the developments came on a day prime minister narendramodi reviewed the situation at a high-level meeting that was attended by external affairs minister sushma swaraj, home minister rajnath singh, national security adviser ajit doval, cabinet secretary ajit seth, foreign secretary sujatha singh and heads of intelligence and security agencies.
;;-0.296;;bjp leaders in nadia started visiting post offices from monday to counter trinamuls attempts to stop deliveries of prime minister narendramodi modis enrolment letters for the ayushman bharat health scheme.
;;0.3818;;the sanghs website has a picture of prime minister narendramodi accepting a document from the organisation.
;;0.6705;;so, we have made a few suggestions to prime minister narendramodi in order to implement them here for better growth of assam and the northeast as a whole, kcc president mahavir prasad jain said.
;;-0.7783;;the congress is anguished by the impending release of a film on indira gandhis assassins but has decided to show restraint even as the punjab youth congress has written to prime minister narendramodi seeking an immediate ban.
;;0.0;;he was replying to a query on bjp leaders asking prime minister narendramodi for a strict population control law.
;;0.6486;;on thursday evening, prime minister narendramodi appeared to step in to reassure his guest with two tweets welcoming trudeau.
;;0.0;;the urja ganga gas pipeline project was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in his constituency varanasi, uttar pradesh.
;;-0.34;;he said prime minister narendramodi had spoken to him on the paper leak.
;;0.0;;narendra modi patna, july 5: pariah in the state till about a month ago, bjp poster-boy narendramodi has picked bihar for his first online blitz since being anointed head of the campaign committee.
;;0.0;;we have selected those who can ask pertinent questions related to national and state political issues, said former deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, recalling that even as a pracharak of the rss, narendramodi used to be tech-savvy.
;;0.6908;;state bjp leaders said party workers would be motivated by directly listening to narendramodi on bihar.
;;0.4939;;the fact that narendramodi has chosen bihar to start his job as the poll panel chief only adds to the excitement.
;;0.0;;can you imagine then the impact narendramodi will have when these workers listen to his speech, said a bjp leader.
;;0.0;;the workers though will have to wait for some more time to see narendramodi in person.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi , during his visit to manipur on february 25, had said the bjp would take charge of the state government on holi and resolve the issue immediately after it comes to power.
;;0.2263;;pictures of narendramodi and bhutanese prime minister tshering tobgay adorn a thimphu road ahead of the indian prime ministers visit.
;;0.0;;as time went by, attempts to question the morality of narendramodi became onerous and self-defeating.
;;0.0;;a bjp-led government at the centre would address these concerns, the partys prime ministerial candidate narendramodi said as he addressed a crowd in guntur on may 1.
;;-0.4019;;one of the issues chief minister nitish kumar had discussed with prime minister narendramodi in delhi on may 27 was the siltation problem in the state.
;;0.0;;they submitted memoranda to president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi through governor j.b. patnaik in this regard.
;;0.0567;;hasmukh adhia, prime minister narendramodi modis hand-picked finance secretary and once recognised as the poster boy of the gst drive, will retire on november 30 without the benefit of an extension to help shape the final budget before the general election.
;;0.1027;;jaitley is not known to have been comfortable with adhia, whom he saw as prime minister narendramodi modis nominee keeping a watch on north block.
;;0.2732;;officially, it was a gram swaraj yatra, part of an outreach drive by the narendramodi government to take welfare schemes to the people.
;;-0.4215;;but he added: why is there no picture of prime minister narendramodi or chief minister yogi adityanath there?
;;0.4939;;mukherjee references india under prime minister narendramodi , the united states of america under president donald trump and post-brexit united kingdom as ominous portents for democracy and liberalism.
;;0.09;;outside europe, leaders like narendramodi in india, recep tayyip erdogan of turkey, rodrigo duterte of the philippines, jair bolsonaro of brazil and trump of the us are pilloried as populist, although that appellation is amorphous and undefined and is applied to those who are legitimately elected  some on numerous occasions  but are disliked by the cohorts of the secular intelligentsia referred to by mukherjee.
;;0.6597;;our special correspondentnarendra modinew delhi: a host of middle-rung bjp leaders who have been tirelessly working for prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah have now set their sights on the rajya sabha elections scheduled next month.
;;0.6369;;indias democracy is prime minister narendramodi modis greatest calling card when he visits most foreign nations.
;;0.6412;;11: russian president vladimir putin and prime minister narendramodi today sent out not-so-subtle signals that will not please washington, but also traded gentle barbs at a summit where the two nations tried to sugarcoat traditional ties hit by more recent challenges.
;;0.0;;as prime minister, however, narendramodi is not remotely in control of the operations of the government of india.
;;0.0;;what explains this discrepancy between how narendramodi once operated as chief minister and how he now conducts himself as prime minister?
;;0.4215;;the transition from gandhinagar to new delhi may have been easier if, at some stage in his career, narendramodi had worked with the central government.
;;0.4939;;on the other hand, narendramodi never previously held a cabinet post in delhi; indeed, he was never even an mp.
;;0.4445;;questions of scale and past political experience (or lack thereof) help explain why narendramodi , such a strong and assertive head of government in gujarat, has been so curiously ineffective, even at times inept, as prime minister in delhi.
;;0.0;;this is that narendramodi appears to have had a change of personality.
;;0.6369;;while filing his nomination papers for the gandhinagar seat for the last general elections, lal krishna advani famously called narendramodi the best event manager he had known.
;;-0.5106;;as chief minister, narendramodi had been a polarizing figure: for his mishandling of the 2002 riots, and for his vindictiveness towards those residents of gujarat (including senior officers) who did not toe his line.
;;0.0;;in his first year in office, narendramodi visited some 30 different countries.
;;0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi , on july 2 last year had launched the digital india campaign with an aim to make government services easily available to citizens by improving online infrastructure and increasing internet connectivity or by making the country digitally empowered.
;;0.0;;such is the view that narendramodi commands as he lands in his seaking 48 charlie helicopter minutes after the dhruv, which has ferried journalists from the naval air station at dabolim, goa.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi offers sweets to jawans on diwali at sumdo in himachal pradesh on sunday.
;;-0.3716;;30: prime minister narendramodi paid rich tributes to sardar patel today on the eve of the iron man's birth anniversary but said it was painful that thousands of sardars were massacred the same day.
;;0.7783;;our special correspondentnarendra modinew delhi: prime minister narendramodi will head for davos in switzerland next week for a short and focused visit aimed at telling the global community that india is open, it is ready to do business, it has done major reforms and is on course to being one of the fastest-growing countries in terms of gdp.
;;0.5499;;but, at today's meeting between swiss president johann schneider-ammann and prime minister narendramodi in geneva, their countries failed to achieve any breakthrough on sharing information on the allegedly unaccounted wealth indians have stashed in swiss bank accounts.
;;0.4215;;the people heard in the campaign of narendramodi an echo of their own hopes and aspirations.
;;0.0;;seth has been tasked to make necessary arrangements for prime minister narendramodi modis scheduled in deoghar on may 15.
;;0.0;;the ljp chief said he would write a letter to prime minister narendramodi with a plea to introduce reservation in promotion for dalits.
;;0.3612;;bjp leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , had promised during election rallies to lift the blockade within two days of forming the government in the state.
;;-0.7269;;lavasa had dissented on some of the 11 decisions the ec took on complaints against prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah for alleged model code violations.
;;0.0;;bangalore, april 1: congress veteran c.k. jaffer sharief has written to prime minister narendramodi recommending rashtriya swayamsevak sangh chief mohan bhagwat as the country's next president.
;;0.128;;he also refused to comment on prime minister manmohan singhs remarks on bjp leader narendramodi last friday or developments within the aam aadmi party.
;;0.3796;;sinha, now 78, had registered atal bhavan on posh sadanand road in his own name in may this year, to which party workers in june shot off letters to prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah, but did not make the matter public.
;;-0.4019;;cpm general secretary sitaram yechury tweeted: 'conspiracy' by foreign countries, ' supari' and other shocking details are being revealed, one by one, by shri narendramodi in gujarat.
;;-0.4767;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday declared he was ready to pay a big political price for bringing about systemic changes and insisted that no one could stop his government from taking irreversible decisions.
;;0.0;;official sources in the law ministry said law minister ravi shankar prasad has not met prime minister narendramodi in this regard so far.
;;-0.3987;;be it his calculations to do better politically by dumping the bjp for projecting narendramodi as its prime ministerial candidate or the risk taken on the principle of not accepting an allegedly communal face as the prime minister, nitish parted ways with his 17-year-old ally in june.
;;0.0;;dasburma further said that prime minister narendramodi was informed that 2,21,700 atms across the country were paralysed till april 16.
;;-0.296;;naveen had written to prime minister narendramodi and union finance minister arun jaitley in an attempt to bring to their notice the difficulties encountered by the people, especially those living in remote areas, due to demonetisation.
;;0.2732;;the centre's move ahead of the assembly polls (to acquire the gardens), followed by the visit of prime minister narendramodi to birpara for campaign, had led to surprising results in the madarihat assembly seat.
;;-0.128;;the meet is expected to take a resolution to send a political delegation to new delhi to be headed by ibobi singh to urge prime minister narendramodi to consider the ilp demand.
;;0.0;;a rajya sabha member known for his proximity to prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, sources said, was learnt to be advocating a bjp-ajsu alliance.
;;0.6486;;his party had dropped all its incumbent councillors and run a campaign focused on prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.6808;;source: @bjp4indialeh, may 19 (pti): prime minister narendramodi started his day-long visit to jammu & kashmir by inaugurating asia's longest zojila tunnel, part of rs 25,000 crore projects to be unveiled or dedicated to the nation on saturday, saying it showed new delhi's commitment to all-round development of the state.
;;-0.2263;;a front row seat in the lok sabha is no mean achievement, considering the fact that smriti irani has made her debut in the lok sabha this year (pti)the honour of the giant killer in the 2019 general elections went not to narendramodi but smriti irani.
;;0.0;;he was kicked out again, this time by the congress, for hailing prime minister narendramodi after the 2019 parliamentary elections.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi had promised a bandh and blockade-free manipur during his election rally here.
;;0.5994;;everyone is keenly awaiting the report of a working group on consumer affairs, headed by gujarat chief minister narendramodi , that is discussing better implementation and amendment of the act.
;;0.0;;bistupur police station in jamshedpur is irrefutably the alter ego of prime minister narendramodi modis much-touted swachh bharat mission.
;;0.0;;18: chief minister naveen patnaik today sought the intervention of prime minister narendramodi for augmentation of railway infrastructure required for the nabakalebar (change of idols of lord jagannath and his siblings) scheduled to be held in july next year.
;;0.25;;we dismiss the preliminary objections raised by the union of india questioning the maintainability of the review petition, a three-judge bench headed by justice gogoi said in the unanimous judgment that came exactly four years after prime minister narendramodi struck the revised rafale deal in paris.
;;0.5423;;biren kumar basak, 72, who took the sant kabir award from prime minister narendramodi last year, said he would dedicate the sari to the nation on new year's day as a tribute to his country.
;;-0.7003;;the congress leader said he was perplexed by prime minister narendramodi considering the constitution as a holy book and, at the same time, hailing the ideas of deendayal upadhyay, who regarded the constitution as a bad document with imported ideas from the west.
;;-0.2263;;the protesters carried placards saying hello china, bye bye india and burnt the effigies of prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh.
;;0.0;;picture by prem singh highlights of prime minister narendramodi modis celebratory speech at the bjp headquarters in new delhi on sunday  modi walked some 300 metres to the bjp headquarters.
;;0.1901;;the nhai counsel told the court that the expressway was scheduled to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on april 29 but it could not be done due to his prior commitments.
;;0.0;;he alleged that this was being done with the permission of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi recently said a law should be enacted to make doctors prescribe only generic drugs.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah and other senior leaders didnt even mention (these) few words  jobs, notebandi (the demonetisation), gst, black money, congress communications chief randeep surjewala said.
;;-0.6705;;the congress also released a list of betrayals, citing 125 points on which it accused the narendramodi government of having failed to deliver.
;;-0.4588;;he attacked prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath for misguiding the people.
;;-0.34;;speaking at five rallies in bihar  covering the sheohar, east champaran, west champaran, siwan and maharajganj lok sabha constituencies  on monday, shah stressed on the work done by prime minister narendramodi modis government at the centre.
;;-0.4588;;the indian railways' plan to introduce flexi-fares on premium trains had faced flak from lalu who had attacked prime minister narendramodi and railway minister suresh prabhu over it.
;;0.0;;mahtab also referred to the cbi interrogation in the snoopgate case involving prime minister narendramodi , when he was the gujarat chief minister.
;;0.0;;the chief minister was scheduled to address a rally in the gujarat city on march 20 to take on the lion in his den and send a message to muslim voters in bengal that she had nothing to do with narendramodi , the bjps prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.6486;;president barack obama and prime minister narendramodi expressed their desire to explore agreements which would facilitate further expansion of bilateral defense cooperation in practical ways.
;;0.6249;;she added: india needs a prime minister like narendramodi to ensure a gujarat-like development in the whole country.
;;0.6908;;on the move at 65, prime minister narendramodi possesses remarkable energy levels.
;;0.7184;;controversy touched singha earlier too in 2011, when he welcomed then gujarat chief minister narendramodi to an official programme with words of praise  he has all the qualities of an army commander  near the army garrison in gandhinagar.
;;0.4019;;gujarat, the home state of prime minister narendramodi and bharatiya janata party president amit shah, has been under the bjp's rule for over two decades and the congress is trying to oust it from power.
;;0.0;;reason: students were glued to prime minister narendramodi modis speech meant for them on the occasion.
;;0.3291;;but while india remains willing to support bugti's call for an end to human rights violations by pakistan in balochistan, senior foreign ministry officials told the telegraph the narendramodi government is aware of the challenges that will come with granting him formal asylum.
;;0.0;;india's approach changed when prime minister narendramodi twice referred to balochistan last month.
;;-0.128;;prime minister narendramodi modis 2016 demonetisation, higher tax rates under a new goods and services tax regime, a boom witnessed by ride-sharing firms such as uber and ola, and a weak rural economy have all played a role.
;;0.0;;21: us president barack obama will visit india in january as the chief guest for republic day following an invitation from prime minister narendramodi , marking a series of firsts and a minor course correction in a relationship blossoming again after a two-year autumn.
;;0.3182;;within an hour, the bengal bjp had uploaded the original picture, which had prime minister narendramodi with singh.
;;0.4215;;kushwaha 'motive' union minister upendra kushwaha's jab at prime minister narendramodi for road shows in varanasi has political circles wondering about the rlsp chief's 'true motive.
;;0.0;;the bjp delegations meeting with the home minister comes ahead of a meeting of an all-party political delegation from manipur, led by chief minister okram ibobi singh, on the bills issue with prime minister narendramodi and the home minister.
;;-0.5505;;(pti)new delhi, june 4: prime minister narendramodi today used the inauguration of a dam 40 years in the making in western afghanistan to assure the country that india would not repeat its effective abandonment of the country in the 1990s, come what may.
;;0.4404;;28: meghalaya chief minister mukul sangma, a critic of narendramodi before he became the prime minister, will get the opportunity to share the dais with him for the first time tomorrow.
;;0.2023;;1: sri lanka today apologised to prime minister narendramodi and jayalalithaa after the title of an article on its defence ministry website and the visuals accompanying it triggered a furore in india.
;;-0.4404;;mamata sat on dharna at the metro channel from 9pm, accusing prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah of using the cbi to undermine the constitution.
;;0.4019;;haridwar, may 3 (pti): prime minister narendramodi today rued that successive governments had tried to forget india's traditional medicinal systems instead of promoting them.
;;0.0;;footage aired by several kannada news channels showed chavan flipping through some pictures of prime minister narendramodi , sonia gandhi and then focusing on the congress chief's daughter in a white shirt.
;;0.0;;chief minister tarun gogoi today said the narendramodi government had recently sought dispurs opinion on the issue and the state government is against the idea.
;;0.0;;an announcement to this effect could be made during prime minister narendramodi modis proposed visit to bangladesh.
;;0.0;;zafar sareshwala, a well-known minority face and close confidant of prime minister narendramodi , called it a retrogressive idea that should be junked.
;;-0.1154;;but the phrase ease of doing business has come to be associated in the public mind with prime minister narendramodi because of his high-decibel stress on the topic.
;;0.296;;the strike was called after an all-political party meet presided by chief minister okram ibobi singh last week decided to send a political delegation to delhi to urge president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh to give president's assent to the three bills.
;;-0.4019;;telegraph file picturecpm general secretary sitaram yechury has complained to the election commission of india about prime minister narendramodi modis cloud-cover interview.
;;-0.8591;;it appears that narendramodi is mocking the election commission by violating all rules, codes and guidelines with impunity with damaging consequences for our democracy, of which the election commission is the custodian.
;;0.4215;;new delhi, june 11: prime minister narendramodi today said improving agriculture productivity through modern farm techniques and university-farmer collaboration held the key to check price rise.
;;0.6597;;like the horizon, the good days have receded as the government of narendramodi nears the second half of its first term in government.
;;0.7579;;for chief minister raghubar das, fresh from praises heaped on him on friday by prime minister narendramodi , silli and gomia results are significant before 2019 elections.
;;0.0;;1: prime minister narendramodi today met secretaries of the union government over tea and asked them to come up with ideas and proposals for the budget, according to a news release issued by the government.
;;0.0;;when i used to work here, they would tell me, 'our ancestors were from gujarat, that's why we are called gujjars', prime minister narendramodi had told a rally in jammu in 2014.
;;0.5574;;senior pdp minister nayeem akhtar was all praise for prime minister narendramodi and the rest of the bjp leadership.
;;-0.7346;;prem singhcongress president rahul gandhi on tuesday said the assembly election results reflected the peoples unhappiness at what prime minister narendramodi was doing and asserted the general election next summer was going to be very difficult for him.
;;0.2924;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi , too, had never concealed his dislike for him.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis pledge to end the practice by 2019 is an ambition channelling the view of mahatma gandhi, the un said.
;;-0.6705;;ptiprime minister narendramodi capped the first phase of campaigning on tuesday by asking first-time voters to dedicate their votes to the balakot air-strike soldiers and the jawans who were killed in pulwama.
;;-0.2732;;the commission had recently issued a showcause notice to dd news for showing prime minister narendramodi modis main bhi chowkidar programme for nearly an hour after opposition parties complained that the national broadcaster was being biased.
;;-0.5719;;journalist anil chamadia said although prime minister narendramodi has publicly called such so-called vigilantes criminals, the morale of gau rakshaks has actually gone up.
;;0.0;;our correspondentdhanbad: a dhanbad municipal corporation (dmc) team, led by its commissioner rajiv ranjan and comprising other senior officers including dmc executive engineer s.k. sinha, visited baliapur airstrip in sindri on thursday where prime minister narendramodi will symbolically lay the foundation stone of the rs 6,500 crore hindustan urvarak rasayan plant located in sindri, and then address people from a german hangar there on may 25.
;;-0.296;;(pti) new delhi, july 16: several chief ministers at today's inter-state council meeting accused the centre of habitually infringing on the states' rights, mamata banerjee leading the charge after prime minister narendramodi had spoken of cooperative federalism.
;;0.0;;veteran rjd leader and former vaishali mp raghuvansh prasad singh has written a letter to chief minister jitan ram manjhi, asking him to write to prime minister narendramodi to initiate steps to bring back the bowl.
;;0.5475;;bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi on tuesday called upon the youngsters not to allow a corrupt party like congress to retain its power at the centre.
;;0.6486;;however, data analysts say that prime minister narendramodi had gained from the announcement of a rs 6,000 annual income support scheme for small and marginal farmers, along with other welfare schemes relating to cooking gas, rural housing and toilets.
;;0.6705;;the move is in line with prime minister narendramodi modis keen interest in using social media tools to gauge public mood.
;;0.6705;;xi, who in july while meeting prime minister narendramodi in brazil had invited india to join his brainchild strategic project --- a new silk route with land and maritime components --- in august asked yameen and the maldives to join as well.
;;-0.25;;aasu activists show black flags to prime minister narendramodi to protest the citizenship (amendment) bill in guwahati on february 8.
;;0.0;;recently, prime minister narendramodi was shown black flags when he visited assam.
;;0.0;;modi book new delhi (pti): a biography of prime minister narendramodi titled modi-incredible emergence of a star has been published in chinese.
;;0.4404;;the chief minister said the people had cast their votes in favour of prime minister narendramodi and development.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi takes a holy dip at the sangam during the ardh kumbh mela in allahabad on sunday.
;;0.2023;;(pti picture)prime minister narendramodi on sunday washed the feet of five persons employed as sweepers by the allahabad municipality and claimed the moment would remain with him, reaching out to a caste that accounts for a fifth of the dalit votes in the heartland.
;;0.4767;;footage shows narendramodi honouring the sanitation workers in allahabad on sunday.
;;0.0;;sandberg is in india and is likely to call on prime minister narendramodi , who had himself used social media tools, including facebook, in his election campaigns to a telling effect.
;;-0.8481;;the vigilantes, who have been lying low since prime minister narendramodi broke his silence and issued a warning earlier this month, struck two days after rss chief mohan bhagwat extolled the virtues of cow protection with a rider that it should be carried out within the boundaries of law.
;;-0.0258;;27: prime minister narendramodi has called a meeting of top officials on thursday to consider limited economic sanctions against pakistan.
;;-0.6249;;bagga was allegedly part of a group that instigated violence when flexes and cut-outs of prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah were being removed from lenin sarani on the election commissions orders, hours before shahs road show in central calcutta.
;;0.5106;;sources in the ministry said naidu wanted an audit of all the cities that claimed to be free of open defecation because under the mission - a pet project of prime minister narendramodi - cities get funds based on their cleanliness status.
;;0.3182;;her comments sounded as though they were unsolicited advice for narendramodi , who has come to power with the promise of a new culture of governance.
;;0.4215;;7 per cent in the april-june quarter, sparking hopes the election of prime minister narendramodi would usher in a period of economic renewal.
;;0.3818;;the unprecedented focus on patel by india's foreign missions on his birth anniversary followed a nudge from the ministry of external affairs, the officials said, at a time prime minister narendramodi has made clear his intentions to wrestle with the congress for the leader's legacy.
;;0.0;;(picture by prashant mitra)prabhat tara ground, where the international yoga day event featuring prime minister narendramodi was held, may have been the cynosure of all eyes on friday but many residents of the capital also did asanas on their own away from the fanfare.
;;0.3612;;while prime minister narendramodi was promoting yoga at prabhat tara ground, i was doing the same at kokar so even without going there i was part of the promote-yoga movement.
;;0.5106;;among its vip guests was prime minister narendramodi who enquired about the new museum and went to see it during his patna visit on october 14.
;;-0.4404;;the first bomb on the day bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi addressed the hunkar rally in patna last year went off on platform number 10.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi on friday finally picked up the gauntlet that had been repeatedly thrown at him by congress president rahul gandhi and addressed a media conference  his first in five years  but did not field a single question, opting to play second fiddle to bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;below are highlights of the press conference where narendramodi appeared on friday afternoon, his first since he took oath as pm on may 26, 201436th minute: its question time after statements by amit shah and modi image source: (@bjplive)37th minute: shah answers, modi surveys the room image source: (@bjplive)41st minute: asked a question, modi gestures towards shah and says: i am a disciplined soldier.
;;0.0;;j.p. yadavsmriti iraninew delhi: prime minister narendramodi carried out a ministry shuffle on monday evening, divesting smriti irani of the high-profile information and broadcasting ministry and temporarily appointing piyush goyal as finance minister in place of the indisposed arun jaitley.
;;-0.296;;people have no money left with them as it was taken away by prime minister narendramodi through demonetisation, he said.
;;-0.2023;;earlier, when prime minister narendramodi had come to attend prakash utsav in patna on january 5, lalu was excluded from the list of dignitaries.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with us president donald trump in manila, philippines.
;;0.4215;;13 (pti): prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump on monday held bilateral talks on the sidelines of the asean summit here during which they discussed a range of key issues including defence and security.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi was seen waving passionately from a boat during a dal lake cruise on sunday.
;;0.25;;thackeray also praised prime minister narendramodi , saying the opposition had no leader that matches his stature.
;;0.6597;;on republic day, k.p. sharma oli, the head of the communist party of nepal (united marxist-leninist) who is tipped to be the next premier, wrote to prime minister narendramodi , expressing eagerness to work together.
;;0.7269;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to take up the trade deal with russian president vladimir putin and the two sides are expected to reach an agreement on simplifying tax and customs procedure to make it easier for russian traders to export rough diamonds to india directly.
;;0.0;;tomorrow morning, prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to deliver his address where governors and chief ministers will also make presentations.
;;0.34;;there was speculation that she might engage in a face-off with prime minister narendramodi in varanasi.
;;0.7351;;he is expected to meet prime minister narendramodi and leaders of political parties, including bjp president amit shah, and seek their blessings, as he begins his journey as a parliamentarian.
;;0.7876;;but the government would like to attribute its political successes to narendramodi modi's leadership and policies, some of which remain controversial.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi referred to the two countries' shared regional goals after a 90-minute meeting with thai prime minister and former army chief prayut chan-o-cha.
;;0.2732;;the kmss today sent a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi saying that it strongly opposes the centre's move.
;;0.7845;;whatever the mystery behind marinos choice of subject (given that his two earlier books were on unsung heroes standing up to nazi persecution), or behind marinos selection to script narendramodi modis story, presumably for an eager readership outside india, one thing is certain  marino is in awe of his subject.
;;-0.2732;;what marino was encountering in his year-long engagement with indian politics was a self-assured narendramodi , in his third term as the chief minister of gujarat, with the worst behind him.
;;0.4588;;apart from establishing modis affinity with the other narendramodi , the monk, this helps marinos conceptualization of modi as a committed, selfless worker who is always a victim  be it of intra-party politics or vilification campaigns run by political opponents.
;;0.34;;picture by prem singhjunagadh: prime minister narendramodi has lobbed kapil sibal's aborted plea in the ayodhya case into the gujarat poll arena at a time several voters appeared to be giving primacy to bread-and-butter issues over emotive planks.
;;0.0;;gujarat director-general of police shivanand jha and national investigation agency director-general y.c. modi, both considered close to prime minister narendramodi since his days as gujarat chief minister, are being seen as favourites for the post.
;;-0.8625;;bsp chief mayawati on tuesday tried to put bjp president amit shah on the dock over his claim that 250 terrorists were killed in the indian airstrike in pakistan, asking him why prime minister narendramodi was silent over it.
;;0.0;;this is in pursuit of chief minister jitan ram manjhis mantra of make bihar, taking a cue from prime minister narendramodi modis make in india appeal.
;;0.0;;anita joshuaarmy personnel sweep the premises of janaki temple in janakpur ahead narendramodi modis visit on friday.
;;-0.2023;;(reuters)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi is expected to invoke religion again to establish a connect with nepal on his third visit beginning on friday to the himalayan nation that is watching his arrival with scepticism as both new delhi and kathmandu attempt to put the 2015 economic blockade behind.
;;-0.4767;;(pti)prime minister narendramodi on monday alleged the congress was concerned only with the nehru-gandhis while he was working tirelessly to transform the lives of the people, who were suffering because of decades of one-family rule.
;;0.6124;;one section strongly feels that there is a wave in favour of bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi in odisha.
;;-0.0258;;pradhans two bits of advice to prime minister narendramodi were he should seriously look after india and stop behaving as though he wished to be maharashtras chief minister and he should stop using gujaratis like a vote bank, like the congress uses the muslims and the dalits.
;;0.3182;;mamatas visit was announced days after bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi addressed a huge gathering in the city and the congress decided to bring their leader, rahul gandhi, here in the second half of this month.
;;0.5267;;sources in the bjp said giriraj  believed to be prime minister narendramodi modis blue-eyed boy for having backed him even at the cost of earning then chief minister nitish kumars wrath when the bjp and jdu were in alliance  stood a fair chance of being inducted into the modi ministry in the next reshuffle.
;;0.0258;;in the middle of the lok sabha election, he had said narendramodi modis opponents should be sent to pakistan, embarrassing his party.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi , who was initially tipped to inaugurate the event, is unlikely to attend in view of the hostile indo-pak political scenario, sources said.
;;-0.0772;;the decision was taken in the evening at a cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister nitish kumar at the state secretariat on a day prime minister narendramodi addressed ex-servicemen, inaugurated shaurya smarak, a war memorial, in bhopal, and heaped praise on armed forces.
;;0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday said people have to decide whether they want to choose an honest and principled government committed to the development of all or a corrupt and unprincipled one.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had visited bihar in october last year and april this year and laid the foundation stone for sewerage plants in bihar.
;;-0.4019;;the telegraph file picturethe bjp has shifted the venues of two public meetings by prime minister narendramodi in bengal this week and is facing problems finding a ground for another rally by the partys national chief amit shah.
;;-0.4767;;responding to prime minister narendramodi modis allegation that the congress does not believe in the apex court, he said: wrong.
;;0.7539;;jd(s) leader kumaraswamy has accused the bjp of luring his legislators with rs 100 crore bait, while outgoing cm siddaramaiah of congress alleged that prime minister narendramodi was encouraging horse-trading to ensure the bjp returns to power in the state despite falling short of a majority.
;;-0.1531;;booklet jibe at modi mumbai regional congress committee president sanjay nirupam released a booklet in ranchi today to expose false claims of achievements made by the narendramodi government.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi, june 13: prime minister narendramodi was today given a strategic briefing in the war room by the army chief, general bikram singh, and senior officials ahead of his first visit to a military platform tomorrow and his first foreign trip (to bhutan) the day after.
;;0.3612;;13: prime minister narendramodi is arriving with gifts for the state, like during earlier visits.
;;-0.7906;;prime minister narendramodi upped stakes with a bjp majority war cry.
;;0.5719;;sania, who recently won the mixed doubles title in the us open, was in delhi on friday and called on prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee, said an aita official.
;;0.4404;;the highlights of prime minister narendramodi modis 64th birthday celebrations, on his first visit to gujarat since taking over in new delhi, didnt come from his home supporters.
;;0.0;;meghalaya is now on the countrys railway map with the flagging off of the first train from mendipathar in north garo hills to guwahati by prime minister narendramodi yesterday.
;;0.6597;;bjp president amit shah welcomes prime minister narendramodi with flowers at the bjp parliamentary party meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.9042;;20 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on wednesday called for strengthening the bjp at its roots for a win in the 2019 lok sabha polls and also pitched for promoting young faces inside and outside the party.
;;0.0;;(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday chaired a meeting of his council of ministers to review the implementation of different social welfare schemes and to take stock of the government's massive reach-out campaign to mark four years of his government.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi has already asked his ministers to give him a 100-day agenda which should focus on reviving growth by emphasising on infrastructure building, while containing runaway inflation.
;;-0.1027;;picture: ptinew delhi, may 17 (pti): the congress on thursday claimed b.s. yeddyurappa, who was sworn-in as karnataka chief minister will turn out to be a one-day chief minister as he lacks majority and challenged prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah to prove the numbers by friday.
;;-0.1695;;taking the lead, former chief minister and senior jdu leader nitish kumar said emerging from the legislative council that he was not surprised by the rise in prices of petrol, diesel and food items under the narendramodi government.
;;-0.4724;;15 (agencies): chief minister arvind kejriwal said friday he has written again to prime minister narendramodi seeking his help to end the ias officers strike, and also claimed that his decision to go on a hunger strike at the lieutenant governors office was not for personal gain.
;;-0.4404;;subramanium, who was the supreme courts adviser in a fake encounter case in which prime minister narendramodi modis closest aide amit shah is an accused, had, in turn, accused the nda government of being vindictive.
;;0.0;;the response, at his parting news conference, came after thomas, a congress mp, was asked about the controversy over his suggestion to summon prime minister narendramodi to explain the decision-making process behind the demonetisation drive.
;;0.0;;despite a series of clarifications from bjp bigwigs, including prime minister narendramodi , lalu's running with the quota ball proved a turning point in the assembly elections, many experts feel.
;;0.8591;;the personality development workshop comes days after prime minister narendramodi called for making police a smart force - strict and sensitive, modern and mobile, alert and accountable, reliable and responsive, techno-savvy and trained - during the annual conference of director-general/inspector-general of police and intelligence chiefs on november 30.
;;0.6486;;thakor had joined the congress ahead of the 2017 gujarat assembly polls and had been credited with significantly improving the opposition partys tally in prime minister narendramodi modis home state.
;;0.0;;kirori singh bainsla said in delhi: i have seen rarest of rare qualities in prime minister narendramodi and thats why i am joining the bjp.
;;0.2144;;besides, in case prime minister narendramodi wants to accommodate amit shah in the government, finance is a portfolio that not only matches the bjp presidents stature in the party but also forecloses the need to dislodge other senior figures.
;;0.0;;the bjp and prime minister narendramodi are doing inclusive politics.
;;0.4939;;file picture of a bjp billboard in new delhi advertising namo tea guwahati, may 28: tea traders of the country are looking forward to prime minister narendramodi , who rose from a chaiwala background to assume the countrys highest post, to take care of their concerns.
;;0.4939;;asked about the reasons for choosing bihar, suneet said the make in india mantra of prime minister narendramodi had inspired them.
;;0.3182;;7: sikkim chief minister pawan chamling, whose party is a member of the bjp-driven northeast democratic alliance, today said there was no significant change in the centre's attitude towards his state under the narendramodi government.
;;0.0;;chamling told journalists in delhi that his state had taken the lead on several fronts, including some pet schemes of prime minister narendramodi such as the cleanliness drive, and yet development projects were slow to come sikkim's way.
;;-0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday cracked the whip on ministers who skip parliament duty and asked for the names of the absentees.
;;0.0;;however, word from within the bjp was that shah and prime minister narendramodi sought to make a larger political point through mathur.
;;0.4767;;she wrote to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to expedite the change of name to bangla as the state government had proposed telegraph file photonon-bjp parties in bengal have moved with alacrity to pursue an emotive issue after the centre gave a perfunctory reply to a question whether it had cleared a proposal to rename the state as bangla.
;;0.0;;soon after, chief minister mamata banerjee wrote to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to expedite the change of name to bangla as the state government had proposed.
;;0.4019;;picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, june 24: the state government is gearing up for a question and answer session on the status of smart city and atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut) projects with prime minister narendramodi tomorrow.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina and bengal chief minister mamata banerjee flagged off the train through a videoconference.
;;0.1027;;the proceeds will go towards the government's flagship programme, namami gange smita tripathithirteens unlucky, i remarked as one of the organisers of an auction of gifts received by prime minister narendramodi during his term in office handed me a bidding paddle.
;;0.296;;a photograph of narendramodi with a winning bid of rs 3800 smita tripathiunlike other organised auctions, this one did not have a catalogue and one had no clue what would come up for auction next or what the bid price range would be.
;;-0.4019;;she also brought up rahul's  khoon ki dalali comment although the barb - after last year's cross-loc surgical strikes - was aimed at prime minister narendramodi , accusing the government of exploiting the sacrifices of soldiers for political gain.
;;0.0;;it is another thing that two days after advanis speech at gwalior, chauhan said narendramodi is my senior, an elder brother.
;;0.0;;our correspondentdate with pm: students of rajkiya utkramit madhya vidyalaya at tharpakhna in ranchiranchi: around four lakh students from around 1,000 schools across the district are expected to participate in pareeksha par charcha, an interactive session in which prime minister narendramodi on friday will give tips to school students across the country through video conferencing ahead of their finals and board examinations.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit the state on june 2.
;;0.3612;;amit bhelaripatna: former deputy chief minister tejashwi prasad yadav said the bjp was shaken by the rjd's huge wins in the araria and jehanabad bypolls and expressed fear the narendramodi government at the centre may hasten filing of a chargesheet against him in the railway tender case.
;;0.7783;;after the rjd's big win in the bypolls, prime minister narendramodi and chief minister nitish kumar's confidence has been shaken up.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi met agriculture, food, fertiliser and power ministers after meteorologists warned of a below-par monsoon, which could hit the nascent india growth story.
;;0.0;;the only option is narendramodi modi.
;;0.0;;chief minister naveen patnaik on friday urged prime minister narendramodi to have the census data of 1971 used by the 15th finance commission instead of the 2011 data for this purpose.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi had launched the swachh bharat mission on this day in 2014.
;;0.0;;the interlude was used by prime minister narendramodi to inaugurate several projects in gujarat while the state government announced a series of sops in the absence of the trigger for the model code of conduct.
;;-0.2263;;the chief minister yesterday clarified the delegation's visit to delhi was delayed because they were not getting appointments with mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh.
;;0.0;;it came three days after prime minister narendramodi held talks with his bhutanese counterpart tshering tobgay on the sidelines of an investors' summit in guwahati.
;;0.3818;;the government of narendramodi , even though it professes commitment to the process of liberalization, has significantly enhanced the purview of the state.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , approved amendments in the mega power policy to push 25 stranded projects with about 30,000mw capacity.
;;0.6124;;but publicly, both prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh have repeatedly tried to downplay any attraction the is may have for indian muslims.
;;-0.5106;;sanjay k. jharahul gandhinew delhi: rahul gandhi on wednesday taunted prime minister narendramodi over his failure to bring back all the black money stashed away in foreign banks, asking him if he returned with any from switzerland where he had gone for the world economic forum summit.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with tripura chief minister biplab deb and tripura constituency candidate pratima bhowmik at the campaign rally in tripura on sunday.
;;0.4019;;picture by ub photosprime minister narendramodi on sunday alleged that all opposition parties in the country, including the congress and the cpm, were hell-bent on removing him from power, even if that meant singing paeans to pakistan.
;;0.0;;new delhi, march 14: bangladesh on tuesday confirmed that its prime minister sheikh hasina will visit india from april 7-10, her first purely bilateral visit to the country since prime minister narendramodi took office.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and a host of his cabinet colleagues campaigned in the state last week.
;;-0.5719;;he said prime minister narendramodi was a negative leader under whose leadership the country was regressing.
;;-0.3612;;given that prime minister narendramodi and multiple government ministers will speak at the same event, i am concerned that trump's speech will send the mistaken message that he is speaking on behalf of the president, the administration or the us government, not as a private individual, or that he is communicating official american policy, menendez said.
;;-0.6249;;march 31: from inflation to italian marines and from unemployment to unrest, bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi today raked up all possible issues to embarrass the congresss central leadership in assam.
;;0.8885;;he dedicated his victory to his father and thanked the electorate and like-minded parties, including the bjp and prime minister narendramodi for supporting his candidature in the tura lok sabha byelection.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi congratulated conrad on his massive win.
;;0.4019;;rohatgi said he had written to the government last month conveying his wish and pointed out that an extension given earlier this month was ad hoc, till further orders as prime minister narendramodi was on a visit to russia then.
;;-0.6908;;teesta, a vocal critic of prime minister narendramodi , is a co-petitioner in a 2002 riot case against him that was registered when modi was gujarat chief minister.
;;0.0;;earlier, in the afternoon, prime minister narendramodi held a meeting of the party's core group at his official residence.
;;0.4019;;the government on wednesday said that prime minister narendramodi modis flights to and from kyrgyzstan this week would take the longer route via oman and iran, although new delhi is reported to have sought and secured over-flight permission from islamabad.
;;0.34;;27: the bjp is pulling out all the stops to make tomorrow's oath-taking ceremony of chief minister-designate and jamshedpur east mla raghubar das a grand affair with prime minister narendramodi himself flying down to be a part of the historic event.
;;0.4215;;apart from prime minister narendramodi , bjp national president amit shah, a host of union ministers and chief ministers of bjp-ruled states are expected to grace the swearing-in.
;;0.5859;;pti picturenew delhi: if parliamentary polls were held now, prime minister narendramodi would easily secure another term although anti-incumbency is gradually catching up with him, a survey by abp news-lokniti-csds has predicted.
;;0.34;;the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh and prime minister narendramodi seem to believe that those over 75 should play the role of marg darshaks (guides).
;;0.7717;;the passage of the motion drew gratitude from pro-khalistan group sikhs for justice for malhi and ontario premier kathleen wynne, who has met prime minister narendramodi twice - once when she visited canada in 2015 and then last year when she travelled to new delhi.
;;0.4939;;the bjp, whose leaders narendramodi and arun jaitley on monday lashed out at the congress for advocating banning of opinion polls and thereby gagging the institutions of freedom, has struck out at the jd(u).
;;0.0;;on the day the interview was conducted last week, prime minister narendramodi was in the state explaining how rahul gandhi and kamal nath were seeking muslim votes.
;;0.2023;;three weeks after the incident at pir panjal top, prime minister narendramodi is on his way to kashmir to spend diwali in srinagar among, as he says, flood-hit sisters and brothers.
;;0.0;;in srinagar tomorrow, prime minister narendramodi will see what it is to be in the flood and the frontier.
;;0.3716;;the election commission on monday played down reports of internal dissent over the clean chits to prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, but one of its former chiefs insisted that dissent must be put in the public domain.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi wears a cap similar to the one in the ina uniform at the red fort to mark the 75th anniversary of the proclamation of the azad hind government by subhas chandra bose.
;;0.0;;picture by prem singhprime minister narendramodi sought to claim the legacy of netaji subhas chandra bose by unfurling the tricolour at the red fort on sunday to mark the 75th anniversary of the azad hind government, while taking a swipe at the nehru-gandhi family.
;;-0.0516;;he cited how prime minister narendramodi had rewarded balyan, a riot accused, by giving him a ministry berth in 2014.
;;-0.8555;;(pti)new delhi: party and government on friday joined prime minister narendramodi in breaking their deafening silence on the unnao and kathua gang rapes, which have provoked nationwide outrage and a candlelight vigil at india gate.
;;-0.1531;;finance minister arun jaitley on friday seized on the court order in the samjhauta blast case to accuse the congress of vilifying the entire hindu community and asked for an apology, reinforcing efforts led by prime minister narendramodi to focus on polarising issues during the election campaign.
;;-0.296;;congress president rahul gandhi on friday accused prime minister narendramodi of bringing ignominy to all chowkidars (watchmen) in the country.
;;-0.6597;;a series of bombs had exploded at a massive election rally of then gujarat chief minister and now prime minister narendramodi , killing six people and injuring 89.
;;-0.4576;;rasheed kidwaibhopal: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday marked 25 years of panchayati raj with tributes to its ideologue mahatma gandhi while completely ignoring the institution's architect, rajiv gandhi.
;;0.0;;the final call is expected to be taken by prime minister narendramodi after chinese president xi jinpings visit.
;;0.4215;;mamata had last evening told reporters she had proposed to prime minister narendramodi and hasina sharing water from four or five rivers in north bengal, instead of the teesta.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi on monday hailed demonetisation, claiming that the maa-beta from the congress had to seek bail in a case because of the note recall and it had made the government flush with funds for development projects.
;;0.0;;17: even as prime minister narendramodi showed chinese president xi jinping the sights on the sabarmati riverfront, indian and chinese troops reinforced numbers in the eyeball-to-eyeball positions in southeast ladakh after a second flag meeting in three days ended inconclusively.
;;0.5994;;recalling the promise made by prime minister narendramodi during the election campaign that if the bjp came to power it would carry out in 15 months what the congress government could not do in 15 years, biren singh said the bjp-led coalition government was working overtime to fulfil those promises.
;;0.4019;;our bureauone party, one leader: flowers and a placard with the image of prime minister narendramodi mark the celebrations outside the bjp headquarters in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;a journey from shunya (zero) to shikhar (the peak), prime minister narendramodi tweeted.
;;0.3997;;but the joy of defeating the cpm could not prevent narendramodi and shah from taking pot shots at rahul gandhi.
;;-0.4588;;29 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on wednesday attacked congress vice president rahul gandhi for calling gst 'gabbar singh tax' and said that those who looted the country could only think of dacoits.
;;0.6808;;our special correspondentnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah on wednesday asked chief ministers of party-ruled states to awaken public opinion in favour of one nation, one election, indicating the government's intention to hold simultaneous polls from panchayats to parliament by 2022.
;;0.4019;;he also claimed that a wave in support of bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi was visible across the country.
;;0.4404;;jha used the opportunity to make his presence felt on tv and twitter, firing away even at bigwigs like narendramodi and arun jaitley.
;;-0.4767;;on sunday, the congress insisted that the government had presented wrong facts before the court and asked prime minister narendramodi and the bjp to seek penance and take a dip in the holy ganga.
;;0.0258;;he said he had raised the matter before prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh in delhi last week.
;;-0.296;;when the indian itinerary of the archbishop of canterbury, the most reverend justin welby, was announced on tuesday here, the elephant in the room was whether prime minister narendramodi might be tempted to ask, will no one rid me of this turbulent priest?
;;0.0;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi termed the move anti-farmer.
;;0.0;;he said chief minister mamata was ahead of prime minister narendramodi in shunning beacons.
;;0.0;;the list of bjp campaigners includes gujarat chief minister narendramodi , arun jaitley and sushma swaraj, chandan mitra, hema malini and smriti irani.
;;0.296;;nitish's missive was in response to a letter by jaitley written to him in april, in which he had communicated the action taken after a letter written by nitish to prime minister narendramodi on february 1, with regard to financial share and requirements of the state.
;;0.765;;this election is crucial as many parties have teamed up against prime minister narendramodi but he will emerge successfully from these challenges, she said.
;;-0.1027;;his wife, premalatha - famously lauded for her hard work by prime minister narendramodi when he first addressed nda mps on may 21, 2014 in parliament's central hall - runs the show.
;;-0.8271;;rahul pointed to the alleged rape of a woman by a bjp mla in uttar pradesh last year, saying it was unfortunate that prime minister narendramodi had remained silent on the issue.
;;0.25;;according to mohrmen, village headman pyrman shylla was forthright when asked what message he would convey to prime minister narendramodi if given a chance.
;;-0.0258;;patra said it was natural that it had to coronate somebody from within the family and added that prime minister narendramodi has projected the lok sabha elections as a battle between naamdar (dynasts) and kaamdar (those who have worked).
;;-0.7506;;the adivasi national convention committee, an umbrella body of several organisations representing adivasis in the state, on september 28 submitted a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi seeking rehabilitation of the landless adivasis and victims of ethnic violence.
;;0.2732;;the visit of prime minister narendramodi later this month to the islamic nation is likely to result in some firm agreements.
;;0.6124;;prime minister narendramodi had given a clarion call to double farmer incomes by 2022, the 75th year of indian independence, the finance minister said, as he announced increase in the minimum support price of all crops to at least 1.
;;0.0;;in his november 8 speech announcing the demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi had said people could deposit their old 500 and 1,000-rupee notes in their bank accounts till march 31.
;;-0.4019;;the figures will be unwelcome news for prime minister narendramodi ahead of a general election due to be held by early may.
;;0.0;;earlier this month, sangma and shillong mp vincent pala had written to prime minister narendramodi and rajnath seeking their intervention.
;;0.5423;;incidentally, the party had once issued a show cause to its mp mohammad taslimuddin for praising prime minister narendramodi and criticising nitish.
;;0.6771;;state bjp chief devendra fadnavis, thought to be prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shahs choice, was so far the clear frontrunner for the post.
;;0.2263;;sources said that at the heart of the show of strength staged by gadkari is the possible start of a power struggle between narendramodi modi-amit shah and the rss.
;;-0.6369;;our bureaunew delhi: rahul gandhi issued a rapid rebuke and the congress swiftly suspended mani shankar aiyar on thursday evening after prime minister narendramodi seized on a distasteful remark on him and sought to portray it as an insult to gujarat.
;;-0.4404;;ptiprime minister narendramodi chose to remain in the background and made a late appearance in parliament as the lok sabha passed a constitutional amendment bill to provide 10 per cent reservation in jobs and educational institutions to the economically weaker sections.
;;0.0;;by then, uttarakhand chief minister and bjp leader trivendra singh rawat had declared in dehradun: narendramodi is the ambedkar of the 21st century.
;;-0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi seldom made statements decrying mob violence, and certain members of his political party have affiliations with hindu extremist groups and used inflammatory language about religious minorities publicly.
;;-0.2755;;tully was more polite, simply saying he would not like to see narendramodi as the prime minister of india.
;;0.6908;;26: prime minister narendramodi today debunked the idea of mere incremental progress in favour of rapid transformation through changes in laws and the elimination of unnecessary procedures.
;;-0.3094;;to hold boris joker johnson as an affable parallel to narendramodi , and to fudge over how the tories have made a terrible situation authored by the labour party much worse, is nothing short of a propaganda lie.
;;0.0;;bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi will address three back-to-back rallies in the state tomorrow, including one at nagaon where congress vice-president rahul gandhi will address the public a couple of hours before him.
;;0.3412;;the mamata banerjee government's prod to examine the technical feasibility of reviving the baranagar-barrackpore metro comes within weeks of prime minister narendramodi saying that bengal must not abandon the project at any cost.
;;0.0772;;the camp close to vijayvargiya and roy, which had favoured moving court, argued that with shah planning to flag off the programmes and prime minister narendramodi and senior ministers scheduled to address rallies during the yatras, official permission was needed.
;;0.0;;opinion polls conducted before the elections have consistently shown the bjp and its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi ahead.
;;0.4939;;our correspondentpatna: rjd legislature party leader rabri devi on friday accused prime minster narendramodi of being in the habit of thrusting his terms and conditions on regional parties.
;;0.5423;;1: the us for the first time today hinted at willingness to speed up wto negotiations on food security to unblock new delhis opposition to a key trade pact, after a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and secretary of state john kerry.
;;-0.6908;;ncw submits reportpatna: national commission for women member sushma sahu on tuesday met prime minister narendramodi in delhi and briefed him about the recent rape incidents in bihar.
;;0.4019;;this time, for makar sankranti, he got his special kites from ahmedabad  10,000 each of bjp prime ministerial nominee narendramodi , yoga guru baba ramdev and anti-graft activist anna hazare.
;;0.0;;i bought some narendramodi kites from talib kite house.
;;-0.6486;;bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on thursday likened narendramodi modis decisions to those of mussolini and hitler while accusing the prime minister of destroying the countrys federal structure.
;;0.6808;;she said her government was compelled to take the decision after it found that the centre had been sending letters to lakhs of beneficiaries in the state with prime minister narendramodi modis picture on it, claiming credit for the scheme.
;;0.4404;;trivendra's supporters also chanted:  delhi mein narendramodi , pahar par trivendra (narendra in delhi, trivendra in the hill state).
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to attend the swearing-in in dehradun.
;;-0.5267;;(prime minister narendramodi has often said in public that he has no family, and therefore no reason to be corrupt.
;;0.3818;;the narendramodi government hopes to use the volume and breadth of agreements it is finalising for the visit to drown out the shadow of the teesta water agreement stalled because of bengal chief minister mamata banerjee's opposition, senior officials told the telegraph.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (prem singh)the congress on friday asked prime minister narendramodi to himself tell the nation what he was doing between 3.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi went to attend the wedding ceremony of lalu prasad's daughter in delhi.
;;-0.9565;;the letter mentions how, following an outcry, prime minister narendramodi had declared last year that killing people in the name of cow protection was unacceptable, and regrets that the killings still continue.
;;0.0;;modi ballia, may 1: prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav used the occasion of may day to court the state's wage earners ahead of the assembly elections next year.
;;-0.8126;;(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi has added another milestone to his expanding footprint of strategic silence, uttering not a word on the attack on the army camp in jammu that has left five soldiers and a civilian dead.
;;-0.3182;;pranesh sarkarcalcutta: prime minister narendramodi has recently reminded the bengal government that a seven-year delay in widening the national highway 34 between barasat and krishnagar has escalated costs by more than three times, sources said.
;;0.3612;;31: india will be seeking greater market access from japan during prime minister narendramodi modis visit in return for enclaves along the delhi-mumbai industrial corridor and a joint venture to run bullet trains.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi launches the projects as manipur chief minister n. biren singh and other dignitaries look on in imphal on friday.
;;0.2263;;picture by ub photosprime minister narendramodi , during a visit to manipur on friday, inaugurated eight key development projects and laid the foundation stones for four schemes, worth rs 1,500 crore, during a public rally at hapta kangjeibung in imphal east district.
;;0.4939;;telegraph picturesambalpur: a class x student here has written to prime minister narendramodi , seeking his intervention to save the mahanadi.
;;0.7184;;new delhi, march 28: us president donald trump called up prime minister narendramodi late on monday india time to congratulate him over the bjp's victories in uttar pradesh and other states, the belated greetings following an unusual gesture from new delhi.
;;0.0;;even if the land belongs to sushil kumar modi or prime minister narendramodi , dojana told the telegraph.
;;0.6808;;the leaders who attended the meeting gave a push to their developmentagenda by submittinga joint memorandum to prime minister narendramodi through bjp national general secretary ram madhav, appealing for greater empowerment of the ministry of doner and the nec (north eastern council) to serve as an effective vehicle for transferring resources and capacities to the northeastern states.
;;-0.2023;;time magazine featured prime minister narendramodi on the cover of its international edition with a controversial headline, india's divider in chief, and a second one that read modi the reformer.
;;0.0;;in her tweets and facebook post, she had tagged the handles of chief minister naveen patnaik, prime minister narendramodi , union minister of state for petroleum dharmendra pradhan and the commissionerate police.
;;0.128;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , kharge pointed out that he was invited to the meeting as a mere special invitee who would have no say in the selection.
;;-0.2023;;the council for social justice and peace (csjp), the social arm of the church, on wednesday urged prime minister narendramodi to eliminate the growing ideology of hate and subjugation of women, the appeal coming in the backdrop of the kathua and unnao rape cases in jammu and uttar pradesh.
;;0.6249;;sohrai and khovar motifs that adorn the walls of hazaribagh railway station, were praised by prime minister narendramodi on mann ki baat on sunday.
;;0.0;;picture by vishvendu jaipuriar prime minister narendramodi made hazaribagh's day on sunday morning, when he mentioned the city in the 16th edition of his monthly radio address to the nation, mann ki baat.
;;0.0;;our prime minister narendramodi has spoken to the whole country about the tribal art forms of the district in his mann ki baat.
;;0.34;;ptia monk from chitrakoot known to brag about his proximity to prime minister narendramodi on sunday appealed to ram bhakts for patience, telling them he had an assurance the centre would take concrete steps between december 11 and january 12 to build a temple in ayodhya.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit the university to attend its convocation on may 25.
;;0.6124;;the meeting took three decisions: it reappointed narendramodi as chancellor for another three years, nominated the members of the panel that will search for a vc, and approved the list of the desikottam awardees.
;;0.7964;;he reminded that while prime minister narendramodi has promised a new india by 2022, he would try his best to ensure that no one in the state remained jobless and homeless after that.
;;0.0;;the message was communicated by prime minister narendramodi to his sri lankan counterpart ranil wickremesinghe at a meeting in new delhi.
;;0.6597;;16: chief minister anandiben patel had promised a 10 on 10 as a birthday gift for narendramodi on his first homecoming as prime minister today.
;;-0.8834;;her failure to handle the crisis recently prompted mehbooba to claim that prime minister narendramodi alone could solve the kashmir problem.
;;0.1027;;defence minister arun jaitley today met prime minister narendramodi and briefed him about the situation along the loc and also assessed the situation in the valley.
;;0.8316;;both sides insisted they were willing to discuss all outstanding disputes, and were keen to revive the comprehensive dialogue that received thrust from narendramodi and nawaz sharif when the indian leader visited lahore last christmas.
;;0.0;;(pti) new delhi: sachin tendulkar met prime minister narendramodi on friday to discuss his soon-to-be-released biopic - \'sachin: a billion dreams\'.
;;-0.5719;;since may 2014, the commission has written a dozen letters to the law ministry, while the chief election commissioner has even sent an sos letter to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention for early release of funds to acquire vvpat machines, but in vain.
;;0.0772;;after putting his nose to the grindstone last winter to challenge prime minister narendramodi in his fortress of gujarat, rahul has made nine trips to karnataka in the past three months, spending 22 days in the poll-bound state.
;;0.34;;1: the bjp is expected to highlight prime minister narendramodi modis radical style of functioning and knack for specifics as he completes 100 days in office on september 3.
;;-0.3384;;(pti)the congress has approached the election commission yet again to complain against very serious corrupt electoral practices by prime minister narendramodi and sought immediate action after its previous complaints were dismissed amid allegations of a miscarriage of justice.
;;0.0;;the petition said the email required all the above mentioned officers to provide the prime ministers office with write-ups about destinations narendramodi was carrying/ had carried out rallies in to campaign for the general elections 2019.
;;0.0;;subramanian also said prime minister narendramodi might set up a committee to assess brexit's impact on the indian economy.
;;0.0;;munda is a member of the bjp's 50-member carpet-bombing team, headed by prime minister narendramodi himself.
;;-0.6908;;it's a reference to guy fawkes, a terrorist who tried to blow up england's parliament exactly 410 years before narendramodi addressed it.
;;0.0;;now it is narendramodi modi's turn.
;;0.34;;india's borders were secure under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , rajnath said.
;;0.4019;;a special message from prime minister narendramodi would also be read out.
;;-0.1027;;before this, prime minister narendramodi , bjp national president amit shah and a host of senior central leaders came here in the past three years to pay homage to bhagwan birsa munda, said bjp khunti district chief kashi nath mahto.
;;0.7615;;picture by prem singhlucknow: prime minister narendramodi on monday stressed his connect with uttar pradesh during a visit to the state but went beyond his usual claim of being its adopted son to credit it with having nurtured and educated him.
;;0.4939;;recalling the interaction between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the brics summit in xiamen in september, lu said: actually during the summit the two leaders had reached some consensus on improving bilateral relations and chartering the course for future development.
;;0.0;;(pti picture)new delhi: the congress on saturday dubbed vendetta by the narendramodi government the searches conducted by the enforcement directorate on multiple premises linked to karti, the son of former minister p. chidambaram.
;;0.4588;;the stark truth is that prime minister narendramodi and his government are using agencies like ed/cbi as captive puppets to settle political scores and intimidate political opponents.
;;0.5563;;her project - aadhar-linked dustbin -was highly appreciated by indian and foreign scientists at the event that was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on march 16.
;;0.8625;;the decision taken today, during a meeting between visiting prime minister narendramodi and his host, south african president jacob zuma, effectively secured a commitment from south africa that discussions on a maritime security architecture dominated by india will continue, officials said.
;;-0.4497;;but new delhi is unwilling to concede on any statement critical of russia after kerrys meeting with sushma and on friday with prime minister narendramodi , senior indian and us officials have confirmed to the telegraph.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi greets ivanka trump at the global entrepreneurship summit in hyderabad.
;;0.4404;;what you are achieving is truly extraordinary, ivanka told prime minister narendramodi , who was in audience.
;;0.0;;morcha president bimal gurung and assistant general secretary binay tamang will represent the morcha at the meeting which will be attended by prime minister narendramodi also.
;;0.34;;as early as 11am, the state bank of india (sbi) atm at bomikhal had run out of cash, reminding the kiosk's security guard of the initial days after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8.
;;0.0;;picture by ub photos shillong, june 22: members of the khasi hills autonomous district council (khadc) today hit out at the congress-led meghalaya government for sidelining the council during the visit of prime minister narendramodi to the state on may 27 and 28.
;;0.7506;;prime minister narendramodi , too, had said any action on gold should take into account the interests of the public and traders, not just economics and policy, giving hope to the gold jewellers lobby.
;;0.0;;she was referring to last month's informal summit prime minister narendramodi held with chinese president xi jinping and visits by her and foreign minister sushma swaraj to that country.
;;0.796;;(reuters) new delhi, may 31: prime minister narendramodi will keep his weekends free for party work unless he is required for something more urgent or needs to travel.
;;0.0;;yashwant, former union finance minister, has been invited over email while cards for the programme to be attended by prime minister narendramodi have been sent to lalu and shatrughan's patna residences.
;;0.3612;;17: chief justice of india t.s. thakur today had breakfast with prime minister narendramodi in gandhinagar a month after chiding him over delayed judicial appointments.
;;0.34;;although he himself skipped the test, prime minister narendramodi played examiner and gave sitharaman full marks.
;;-0.128;;sanjay accused prime minister narendramodi of cutting the states share of rs 5,000 crore under different central schemes.
;;-0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi had promised building the second bridge during the 2014 poll campaign and union road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari had laid the foundation stone in july after his party mla dillip ray had made a hue and cry over the delay.
;;0.6486;;das burma said: if he wants to protect the interests of odisha, he should impress on prime minister narendramodi who should advice the chhattisgarh government to stop all constructions on the upper stream of the mahanadi till the issue is settled in the tribunal.
;;0.2263;;there's no respect for anybody except narendramodi and amit shah in the bjp, he said.
;;0.0;;mukherjees visit follows just four months after prime minister narendramodi made bhutan his first foreign destination after taking office.
;;-0.0191;;telegraph file picturethe selection committee, led by prime minister narendramodi , to pick the new cbi director did not reach a decision at its meeting on thursday evening and will meet again soon.
;;0.0;;gujarat director-general of police shivanand jha and national investigation agency director-general y.c. modi, both considered close to prime minister narendramodi since his days as gujarat chief minister, are being seen as favourites.
;;0.0;;a politician who attended the meeting said the delegation is likely to visit delhi next week and will meet the president, prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh seeking the president's assent to the bills.
;;-0.3182;;(top) narendramodi and biren singh guwahati, may 15: supreme court lawyer utsav singh bains today moved prime minister narendramodi seeking an independent investigation by the national security adviser (nsa) into the recent threat calls to him from a militant group for providing legal assistance to a family whose son was murdered allegedly by n. ajay, son of manipur chief minister n. biren singh, in 2011.
;;0.0;;indications are while he may not be declared as the chief minister candidate, he could be placed as the third angle of a triangle consisting of prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;-0.2516;;the up election was undeniably the most important mid-term political event of the single-party majority government that came to power in may 2014, narendramodi having broken a 25-year jinx.
;;0.2263;;he said in adherence to the direction of prime minister narendramodi , funds go straight to the coffers of the state exchequer within 24 hours of vote on account.
;;0.4939;;russias president vladimir putin  who is likely to visit india in december  and prime minister narendramodi , kadakin said, enjoy a personal rapport.
;;-0.872;;(pti)west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee will not attend the oath-taking ceremony of prime minister narendramodi on thursday, after rejecting the bharatiya janata party's claim that scores of saffron party workers were killed in violence perpetrated by trinamul congress.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah had made alleged violence by tmc workers against saffron party supporters a major election issue.
;;0.0;;anita joshuawalk the talk: prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinpingat a garden in wuhan in central chinas hubei province on saturday.
;;0.0;;this is said to be one of the takeaways from the first informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping, held in the central chinese city of wuhan, but neither side is talking about it officially.
;;0.0;;sources said ravi would accompany prime minister narendramodi on a two-day visit to the state from november 30.
;;0.0;;in april, it took a break because prime minister narendramodi visited jamshedpur on the last sunday of the month.
;;-0.0772;;the ngo today decided to highlight the problem before prime minister narendramodi , union home minister rajnath singh and chief minister okram ibobi singh among others and urge them to shift the location of the station from the school campus.
;;-0.1531;;arunachal chief minister kalikho pul is also likely to write to prime minister narendramodi to lodge a protest against the defence ministry's attitude.
;;0.0;;new delhi, march 26: narendramodi today wound up his inaugural poll campaign in the national capital, going full blast at arvind kejriwal and rahul gandhi.
;;-0.4767;;the congress has intensified its attack on prime minister narendramodi for his silence on the controversy surrounding bjp chief amit shah's son jay shah.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi was greeted at heathrow in november 2015 by priti on behalf of cameron.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi often recalls how vallabhbhai patel was not allowed to become the first prime minister.
;;-0.0516;;he assured us that he would discuss the problems with prime minister narendramodi by next month, muchahary said.
;;0.3612;;the removal of diesel price controls and a rise in natural gas prices provided a much needed credibility to prime minister narendramodi modis reform agenda, investors said.
;;0.0;;picture by nalin verma speaking at ram nagar  part of the karmbhoomi of the father of the nation, who enabled indians to have their own prime minister  narendramodi said he was benefiting from the goodwill the mahatma generated in this part of the country in the early 20th century.
;;0.6369;;all the 6,000 voters will vote for nitishs party at bhittiharwa for nitish is on gandhis path of truth, anirudha said, apparently, unaware of the hawa (wave) created by narendramodi against nitish in the rest of bihar.
;;0.1531;;and thats why they were unable to believe that narendramodi had an upper hand over nitish kumar in the ensuing battle of ballots.
;;-0.2263;;piyush srivastavalucknow: a picture of prime minister narendramodi has replaced that of the aligarh muslim university founder, sir syed ahmad khan, which disappeared mysteriously from the pwd guesthouse in khair, a town near aligarh.
;;0.4215;;official sources said the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , yesterday approved the proposal of the commerce and industry ministry for implementing the tea development and promotion scheme through the tea board during the twelfth plan (2012-13 to 2016-17).
;;0.4678;;(pti picture)new delhi: the congress has extended support to the ongoing 10-day farmers' agitation and blasted the narendramodi government for making false promises to raise the hopes of peasants but delivering little on the ground.
;;0.4404;;litchi call motihari: litchi growers in east champaran district sent a letter to prime minister narendramodi on wednesday urging him to improve their condition.
;;0.7845;;prime minister narendramodi had initiated the move to woo the yadavs in a big way during his election campaigns in bihar  he had referred to dwarka in gujarat associated with lord krishna idolised by the yadavs to win over the single largest caste in the state.
;;0.4588;;a section of young yadav voters fell for narendramodi modis charm, swelling the number of its mps in a big way in bihar.
;;0.0;;the train service on digha-sonepur rail-cum-road bridge was started in february 2016 but on march 12, 2016, prime minister narendramodi formally inaugurated the service from vaishali.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to lay the foundation stone of the university, an official source said.
;;0.5574;;the team, led by pcc president ripun bora, has also sought an audience with prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh before a five-member constitution bench of the supreme court starts hearing pleas from may 11 to quash section 6a of the citizenship act to check influx.
;;0.7003;;the convention on the bill held at a hotel here on tuesday saw 11 parties joining forces to strongly oppose the bill and to meet and convince prime minister narendramodi and president ram nath kovind to get the bill scrapped.
;;0.0;;former ips officer ashok sahu, who had contested the elections from the constituency in 2009, tweeted to prime minister narendramodi , urging him to field him from the seat.
;;0.0;;sushma has already visited bhutan with prime minister narendramodi , bangladesh and nepal on her own.
;;-0.296;;prime minister narendramodi had last sunday declared that india would ratify the paris deal on october 2, overriding warnings against any haste from within his government.
;;0.0;;similarly, narendramodi had come here and announced the insurance scheme for the farmers.
;;0.4019;;maharathy remarkbjp spokesperson sajjan sharma said the culture of using filthy language against political o pponents was ingrained in the bjd following allegations that panchayati raj minister pradeep maharathy used unparliamentary language against prime minister narendramodi and the bjp during a party programme in kendrapara on wednesday.
;;-0.2263;;after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8, 2016, chief minister nitish kumar was among the few none-bjp leaders who strongly supported it at the risk of angering anti-bjp forces.
;;0.0258;;the supreme court on wednesday asked the election commission to examine grievances raised by sacked bsf jawan tej bahadur yadav, whose nomination against prime minister narendramodi in varansai, was cancelled.
;;0.0;;chief minister shivraj singh chauhan is expected to attend the gathering along with gujarat chief minister narendramodi and his chhattisgarh counterpart raman singh.
;;0.8779;;26 (pti): the congress and the bharatiya janata party on monday again locked horns on the prickly issue of data sharing with rahul gandhi dubbing prime minister narendramodi the big boss who likes to spy on indians and the ruling party accusing the opposition party of theft.
;;0.0;;my name is narendramodi modi.
;;0.0;;maruti moveahmedabad, may 30: maruti suzuki indias managing director shinzo nakanishi will meet gujarat chief minister narendramodi tomorrow to discuss and possibly finalise a deal to set up a manufacturing plant in the state.
;;0.4019;;flood issue guwahati: aiudf chief and mp badruddin ajmal will raise the issues of flood and erosion in assam before the prime minister narendramodi at an early date, a party source on monday said.
;;0.4019;;he lauded prime minister narendramodi for the help he had provided a congress-ruled karnataka.
;;0.5423;;in a statement soon after rahul launched a scathing attack on prime minister narendramodi , shah said if there is one political party that has trampled over the constitution in letter and spirit, time and again, it is the opposition party.
;;0.0;;ambedkar released footage of prime minister narendramodi calling bhide guruji at a public meeting and a video of bhide telling followers that he had asked modi to wear a saffron turban on independence day in 2014.
;;0.5719;;shahs reference  however tangential  came a little over a week after prime minister narendramodi too had said the bjd leaders planning before cyclone fani had made landfall was excellent.
;;0.8316;;the united arab emirates (uae) on thursday decided to confer the order of zayed  the countrys highest civilian decoration  on prime minister narendramodi as a mark of appreciation for his efforts to boost bilateral ties.
;;0.8591;;we have historical and comprehensive strategic ties with india, reinforced by the pivotal role of my dear friend, prime minister narendramodi , who gave these relations a big boost.
;;0.8519;;in appreciation of his role in consolidating the long-standing friendship and joint strategic cooperation between uae and india, the uae president has conferred zayed medal to prime minister shri narendramodi , the bjp tweeted from its official handle.
;;-0.5867;;togadia, who is not on good terms with prime minister narendramodi and the bjp leadership, said he had heard that a police team from party-ruled rajasthan had arrived in ahmedabad on monday to arrest him in an old case.
;;0.5106;;rasheed kidwaihardik patelahmedabad: patidar leader hardik patel on tuesday said prime minister narendramodi would try every emotional tactic to win next month's gujarat elections, including shedding tears and feigning illness to tap the sympathy of voters.
;;0.0754;;while there is little doubt about his clout as a leader and his unique drive to take on high-decibel campaigners like prime minister narendramodi , it is the congress high command that decides on the person to helm the government.
;;0.0;;addressing booth workers of delhi, the congress president targeted only prime minister narendramodi and didnt even mention the aap government led by arvind kejriwal.
;;0.4019;;film stars have posted facebook messages in his support, and a change.org petition addressed to prime minister narendramodi had by monday afternoon received nearly 30,000 endorsements.
;;0.0;;they claimed to be from gujarat and said they were close to narendramodi , alleged madan lal, member from kasturba nagar.
;;0.2023;;the advertisements have a picture of prime minister narendramodi at the top.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi chastised the nation only recently, those who have limited thinking, they feel that a chowkidar is about uniform, cap and whistle.
;;0.6124;;the congress has quietly changed its projection of rahul gandhi from a fierce challenger who had shredded prime minister narendramodi modis aura of invincibility to a leader ready with an alternative vision for the country.
;;0.296;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , today gave its in-principle approval to permit ioc to sell a 24 per cent equity in one of its joint venture companies, lubrizol india private limited (lipl) to lubrizol corporation, usa (lc), the other joint venture partner, a government statement said.
;;0.0;;gujarat chief minister vijay rupani had said over 10,000 tourists had visited the sardar patel memorial every day since the 182-metre statue, the world's tallest such structure, was unveiled by prime minister narendramodi in october.
;;0.0;;gujarat chief minister vijay rupani had said over 10,000 tourists had visited the memorial every day since the 182-metre statue, the world's tallest such structure, was unveiled by prime minister narendramodi in october last year.
;;0.9153;;the sdf wishes to thank prime minister narendramodi and the union government, lepcha said and hoped the visit of the tibetan spiritual leader would spread peace and happiness.
;;-0.0516;;junior human resource development minister and bjp ally upendra kushwaha on tuesday wrote to prime minister narendramodi that the government should immediately move the supreme court against the order that prevents immediate arrest over complaints of atrocities.
;;0.1027;;the court's ruling will leave the weaker sections unprotected and pm narendramodi should intervene to ensure justice.
;;0.0;;2: prime minister narendramodi today chaired a meeting to discuss ways to reduce dependence on import of oil and gas.
;;-0.296;;shutterstock photocongress president rahul gandhi on tuesday accused prime minister narendramodi of acting as a middleman for anil ambani in the rafale jet deal.
;;-0.1868;;new delhi, july 24: two more aam aadmi party mlas were arrested today in two different cases, the development prompting delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal to accuse prime minister narendramodi of being scared of his party's rising popularity.
;;0.0;;trinamul workers take out a march against prime minister narendramodi modis visit in jalpaiguri on friday.
;;-0.3749;;picture by biplab basaktrinamul leaders on friday filed a police complaint against prime minister and national highways authority of india for mentioning their names in newspaper advertisement announcing a project to be flagged off by narendramodi without taking their consent.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi used to refer to himself as the chowkidar (sentinel) of the countrys resources and rahul gandhi has popularised the phrase chowkidar chor hai.
;;0.0;;tripathi left for delhi on saturday morning for a pre-scheduled meeting with prime minister narendramodi on monday.
;;0.8074;;our special correspondentnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday called up the leaders of the three main political parties in nepal, over a week-and-a-half after the country voted decisively in favour of the left coalition that is widely believed to be pro-china.
;;-0.91;;jaitley, 66, who last week returned from the us after undergoing medical treatment, first attended the cabinet committee on security (ccs) meeting that prime minister narendramodi had called to discuss the terror attack in south kashmirs pulwama district that killed around 40 crpf personnel, and then went to north block  the seat of the finance ministry.
;;0.8868;;thakur so far is clearly the front-runner but we have seen how the party leaders (read prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah) have sprung surprises in haryana, maharashtra and uttar pradesh by picking outsiders instead of representatives from the dominant community, a bjp insider said.
;;0.4019;;in ara, activists of the inqlabi navjawan sabha took out a procession at jagdishpur where they burnt the effigy of prime minister narendramodi and raised slogans against the government in support of students.
;;0.91;;last week, prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping met at wuhan where the two leaders asked the armies to build trust and a better mechanism for maintaining peace and tranquillity at the frontier.
;;0.0;;both prime minister narendramodi and naveen patnaik have visited bargarh in west odisha.
;;0.6808;;smile and hug: palestinian president mahmoud abbas embraces prime minister narendramodi upon his arrival in ramallah on saturday.
;;0.0;;(reuters)new delhi: narendramodi on saturday became the first indian prime minister to visit palestine, flying into ramallah from amman in a jordanian helicopter with israeli air force choppers escorting him over the west bank.
;;0.0;;he said: why was the cbi director handpicked by prime minister narendramodi himself removed in a midnight operation?
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi at the inaugural ceremony of the national museum of indian cinema in mumbai on saturday, jan.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi with president donald trump on the sidelines of the g20 summit in osaka on june 28 (pti)us president donald trump on tuesday launched a fresh attack on india for imposing tariffs on american products, days after his meeting with prime minister narendramodi in osaka.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi has continued with his scheduled programmes, even addressing public rallies and going on a foreign tour, and will on thursday address what the bjp has advertised as the biggest video conference in the world  a party event in which he will interact with booth workers.
;;0.0;;22: prime minister narendramodi will take the final call on exiled baloch leader brahumdagh bugti's application for political asylum in india, union home ministry sources said.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi along with party mps and cabinet colleagues wave to the media after being falicited for the recent election victories in north east states upon his arrival at the parliament house in new delhi on monday.
;;0.0;;one of nirav's last public appearances had come on january 23 in davos, where he was seen posing for a photograph with prime minister narendramodi and other industrialists.
;;0.765;;welcoming the trio, state bjp unit president mangal pandey said: prime minister narendramodi has once again tried to honour the people of the state by inducting three ministers from the state.
;;-0.4215;;a wedding with a bandwalah but no bride or groom  that is how chief minister mamata banerjee described prime minister narendramodi modis inauguration of calcutta high courts jalpaiguri circuit bench on friday, barely an hour after the event.
;;-0.1027;;in keeping with that stand, mamata today launched a withering personal attack on prime minister narendramodi for reducing the central share in some schemes.
;;0.7003;;the action committee submitted a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi when he visited imphal on november 30 to attend the concluding function of sangai festival, urging him to review the project to protect the land and houses in the villages.
;;0.7003;;manjhi list patna, (pti): chief minister jitan ram manjhi has directed officials to prepare a charter of demands for the state which he would hand over to prime minister narendramodi reminding of the pre-poll promises he had made.
;;0.2263;;after the charter of demands is prepared, i will seek time from narendramodi , he said.
;;-0.296;;gogoi slammed prime minister narendramodi for referring to former prime minister rajiv gandhi as bhrastachari no 1.
;;0.0;;lalu also said that the rss and bjp leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , should not wear shoes and sandals made from leather, as these are manufactured from cow skin.
;;0.34;;according to senior official of the host organisation prashant joshi, prime minister narendramodi modis recent announcement of smart cities has kicked off serious discussions among stakeholders on the means and ways to achieve it.
;;-0.0258;;(pti)rahul gandhi on wednesday unconditionally apologised to the supreme court for attributing his chowkidar chor hai slogan against prime minister narendramodi to the top court, and requested that it drop the contempt proceedings initiated against him.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi and the ruling bjp often refer to a new india and vision 2022.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi is solidly behind us and we will implement the points, sarma assured.
;;0.5719;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi on thursday edged out jaiprakash narayan at a function held to celebrate the socialists 110th birthday anniversary in patna.
;;0.9474;;responding to the overtly rapturous crowd cheering for narendramodi , anantha, in a bid to keep them in good humour, said: yuddh or ishq mein ishara kafi hota hai (indications are quite meaning-ful in love and war).
;;-0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi expressed grief over the incident and said his thoughts were with the families of the deceased.
;;0.0;;at his brigade rally on february 5, prime ministerial candidate narendramodi had urged the states voters to give all 42 seats to the bjp.
;;0.25;;rahul gandhi on monday announced that the congress had made up its mind to introduce a minimum income guarantee scheme if a party-led government wrested power at the centre, pre-empting the direct cash-transfer plan prime minister narendramodi is contemplating.
;;-0.5574;;unfazed, rahul fired his suit-boot ki sarkar salvo at prime minister narendramodi afresh.
;;0.6808;;sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday had an interaction through videoconferencing with beneficiaries of the prime minister awas yojana-urban at the national informatics centre here to know progress of the beneficiary-led construction projects in the city.
;;0.6124;;30: the manipur government has set up foolproof security for the visit of bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi next week to campaign for the lok sabha election.
;;-0.8176;;(the meeting) resolved to boycott the visit of narendramodi in imphal considering his anti-minority activities, especially during the 2002 gujarat riots where thousands of people were massacred and tortured without any protection from the government machinery, the resolution said.
;;0.421;;the meeting further resolved not to allow a highly communal person like narendramodi to land on the secular soil of manipur.
;;0.34;;the party had also reacted angrily when prime minister narendramodi , in the course of his election campaign in seemandhra, had promised steps to accelerate the project if the bjp was voted to power.
;;0.6908;;the political resolution adopted at the party's two-day executive meet that concluded here also expressed its gratitude to prime minister narendramodi for choosing to visit odisha on may 26 to highlight the achievements of his government which will complete its four years in office that day.
;;0.0;;bhatt had said he was present at the meeting on february 27, 2002, where chief minister narendramodi allegedly asked police to go soft on rioters.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has envisioned india as a nation of job creators instead of a nation of job seekers.
;;0.1531;;swamy on pmthe verdict comes weeks after prime minister narendramodi had met karunanidhi in chennai.
;;0.6705;;the father's robust defence stood out against the silence of prime minister narendramodi who has otherwise been active on twitter this week.
;;0.34;;(ap)the bjp on saturday chose to highlight columnist and author aatish taseers pakistani lineage to question the credibility of his article on prime minister narendramodi in time magazine titled indias divider in chief.
;;0.0;;14: prime minister narendramodi indirectly slammed rjd chief lalu prasad in mokama on the dev-elopment front and claimed bihar had not seen as much road construction since independence as it had since 2014.
;;-0.4939;;new delhi: the disappointing performance of the 117-strong indian contingent at the rio olympics, prompted the prime minister narendramodi , on friday, to announce the setting up of a task force to prepare for the next three olympics.
;;0.0;;subhashish mohantybhubanswar: prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit odisha on may 26 and address a rally in cuttack.
;;0.0;;bjp odisha-in-charge arun singh said: the modi sarkar (government) will complete four years on may 26 and prime minister narendramodi has decided to visit the state on the occasion.
;;0.4215;;after so many years of left front rule, you now need a hira (diamond), not the manik (ruby) you already have, to usher in an era of true development, prime minister narendramodi had thundered during an election rally at sonamura early in february last year.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken during a meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi last month.
;;-0.5574;;6c, ranchi on sunday was forced to miss prime minister narendramodi , who was scheduled to attend the swearing-in of the raghubar das government.
;;-0.9325;;26: external affairs minister salman khurshid has defended his description of bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi as impotent, arguing that he was referring to his incompetence as chief minister for failing to control the riots in gujarat in 2002.
;;-0.0516;;12: over 50 prominent citizens including a former minister have written to prime minister narendramodi urging him to craft a bold, new approach so that india could lead a global response to the rohingya crisis that they said had assumed monumental proportions.
;;0.6369;;25: security forces have their focus fixed on all militant groups in assam ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit on sunday, given the blast last sunday and recovery of a powerful ied from a train yesterday.
;;-0.0772;;sources claimed chief minister narendramodi did his bit to assuage the fears of the muslims with gestures like addressing a gathering of the daudi bohras on february 19.
;;-0.9136;;file picturebangalore: the karnataka bjp took out newspaper ads chastising the congress government for rapes in the state on friday, two days after prime minister narendramodi had said that rapes should not be politicised.
;;-0.3353;;if you have a member of the adani family on the dais with the most vocal critic of the narendramodi government, the name has to become a talking point, said an official.
;;-0.296;;during his last visit to address an election rally at motihari on may 9 this year, prime minister narendramodi had expressed concern towards the apathetic condition of litchi growers of champaran.
;;-0.765;;the protesters said they did not belong to any organisation and had gathered impromptu to protest against the injustice meted out to the people of assam by prime minister narendramodi and chief minister sarbananda sonowal.
;;-0.8516;;i was associated with the assam agitation and was deeply hurt by the recent statement made by prime minister narendramodi that they are going to pass the citizenship (amendment) bill, which will spell doom for the indigenous people of the state, said chandrama pathak, one of the protesters.
;;-0.2263;;picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik on thursday urged prime minister narendramodi to direct the indian oil corporation limited to set up an integrated naphtha cracker unit and downstream units on priority.
;;0.0;;bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina with prime minister narendramodi and union minister babul supriyo (extreme left) during the ceremonial reception at rashtrapati bhavan on saturday.
;;0.6124;;the narendramodi government also signed five interlinked agreements that facilitate greater collaboration in defence research and development and make india a preferred destination for bangladesh to turn to for the training of its military officers.
;;0.0;;27: the government and industry leaders will collectively make presentations on december 29 before prime minister narendramodi on sector-specific strategies to push manufacturing as part of the make in india programme.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi opened another flank.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi speaks in the lok sabha, in new delhi on wednesday.
;;-0.6369;;7 (pti): india has been suffering because of the wrong policies that the congress has pursued since independence, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday while accusing the party of singing paeans to one family instead of focusing on peoples welfare.
;;0.5719;;the opposition, bharatiya janata party, has opposed the import restrictions, while its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi has said any action on gold should take into consideration the interests of the public and traders and not just economics and policy.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh, maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, former union minister shashi tharoor are some high-profile politicians who have madee their presence felt on instagram.
;;0.0;;dimapur, march 14: nagaland chief minister shrhozelie liezietsu and former chief minister t.r. zeliang met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi today.
;;0.6908;;for example, prime minister narendramodi attended the wedding of lalu's youngest daughter raj lakshmi to samajwadi party chief mulayam singh yadav's grand nephew tej pratap singh yadav in new delhi in february 2015.
;;-0.7889;;amit shah new delhi, march 30: amit shah aims to achieve in gujarat what narendramodi never could - win 150 of the state's 182 assembly seats.
;;-0.5267;;today, prime minister narendramodi dubbed the web-driven threat self-generated.
;;-0.4588;;the incident occurred at sk memorial hall during kanhaiya's speech, attacking prime minister narendramodi and the rss.
;;0.5267;;this year, after coming to power, prime minister narendramodi reaffirmed his pledge to get the mission gain speed.
;;0.2263;;addressing the demonstrators, patil said: we have a right to oppose the narendramodi government's decision to sanction loans at low interest rates to people who have already withdrawn rs 8 lakh crore from banks and have not utilised them properly.
;;0.743;;pranab mukherjee with prime minister narendramodi at the former presidents residence in new delhi on tuesday (pti)superstar rajinikanth has described prime minister narendramodi as a charismatic leader like jawaharlal nehru and rajiv gandhi and attributed the bjps massive win in the lok sabha polls to his individual leadership.
;;0.6705;;jaitley said the success of the bankers' retreat with prime minister narendramodi later this week and the make in india campaign would give a fillip to manufacturing.
;;0.3612;;the advertisement, featuring pictures of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister raghubar das, had taglines like ' khud tai karein, kaise ho apke ward ka vikas.
;;0.1531;;his engagements include speaking at an event that prime minister narendramodi is also likely to attend.
;;0.8519;;prime minister narendramodi at the nda parliamentary board meeting at parliament house, in new delhi, saturday, may 25, 2019 (pti)a muslim youth has alleged that he was mercilessly beaten, questioned about his skullcap and forced to chant bharat mata ki jai in gurgaon on saturday, the day prime minister-elect narendramodi had appealed to the mps supporting him to win the faith, trust and support of minorities.
;;0.4019;;gadkaris remarks came after state bjp president devendra fadnavis, said to be prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shahs choice for chief minister, met him at his nagpur residence.
;;0.0;;he said all the sena mps would attend the dinner to be hosted by prime minister narendramodi on sunday.
;;-0.4215;;the claims and counter-claims came a day after narendramodi stressed the need for a dialogue to find a permanent and lasting solution to the kashmir problem within the framework of the constitution.
;;-0.5423;;realisation seems to be dawning on the highest political leadership in the country which is reflected by the admission of the prime minister mr narendramodi about problems confronted in jammu and kashmir not being just developmental or economical, he said.
;;0.4588;;six years later, in 2015, prime minister narendramodi gave him that chance to realise his dream.
;;0.4767;;however, it's not that nothing has changed ever since narendramodi laid out an ambitious programme for the railways when he took over in 2014.
;;0.5859;;and while the narendramodi government is still going into paroxysms of delight over the $17 bill-ion japan-backed bullet train, the grand old indian railways has turned into a slow and broken coach.
;;0.0;;sanjeev kumar vermanarendra modipatna: prime minister narendramodi is likely to visit motihari, the headquarters of east champaran district, in april, a highly placed source in the state government told the telegraph on monday.
;;0.0;;the mahasangha members had recently submitted a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi over the issue.
;;0.3182;;calcutta, april 8: the bjp in bengal persisted with its anti-mamata banerjee rhetoric on a day prime minister narendramodi attempted to strengthen india-bangladesh ties alongside the chief minister in new delhi.
;;0.5994;;the cabinet, in a meeting on wednesday chaired by prime minister narendramodi , approved these amendments in the national medical commission (nmc) bill that seeks to create a new regulatory body for medicine to replace the medical council of india.
;;0.802;;they like to be busy, and kishor's reputation of having helped narendramodi and nitish kumar build powerful campaigns has generated hope among them.
;;0.7506;;our special correspondentnew delhi: the congress on monday said prime minister narendramodi miserably has failed to deliver on his grand promises and the slow progress of the smart cities project was yet another example.
;;0.5859;;even kejriwal and rahul gandhi have congratulated prime minister narendramodi and the centre for the successful operation.
;;0.2732;;in 2015, cairn energy ceo simon thomson wrote to prime minister narendramodi recalling a statement made by him in london that the government will not resort to retrospective taxation.
;;-0.4588;;last week, the election commission banned the release of the biopic, titled pm narendramodi , until further orders.
;;0.4215;;it is because of my faith (in ravidas) that i am here on the direction of prime minister narendramodi , adityanath said.
;;0.2732;;the bjp leader, who is in the race to become the partys state unit president, said prime minister narendramodi , during his lok sabha poll campaign, had made the partys stand clear: that the burden of refugees should be shared by the country and not only assam.
;;-0.4767;;our correspondentpatna: rjd vice-president raghuvansh prasad singh on monday accused prime minister narendramodi of cheating farmers in the name of providing them minimum support price (msp) for their yield.
;;0.2023;;22: prime minister narendramodi today promised afghanistan that india would support its security against externally sponsored instruments of violence and terror, in a barb at pakistan also aimed at reassuring kabul of a prompter response to its military needs than in the past.
;;0.3182;;it expresses the undying optimism and tenacity of the no longer wandering jew which narendramodi must beware of when he visits israel.
;;0.7351;;it is also the dream of prime minister narendramodi to provide best sports facilities to youths.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is the lead character in the bjp's favourite narrative of a sangh pracharak (whole-timer) transforming into a political star.
;;0.4019;;on whether the bjp would project gujarat chief minister narendramodi as its prime ministerial candidate for 2014, the bjp leader said: the party is working out its strategy and will announce its prime ministerial candidate when the time is right.
;;0.5719;;taking a jibe at prime minister narendramodi , nitish said: if he is unable to fulfil his promise of giving jobs to youths and rs 15 lakh to each person, he should give at least rs 15,000 to them.
;;-0.0258;;the lok sabha on monday witnessed tit-for-tat privilege notices against prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi as the government and the opposition locked horns over who had lied about the rafale deal.
;;0.296;;bhopal, march 15: madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan has said he will not shift to delhi to join the narendramodi government.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with the qatar emir, sheikh tamim bin hamad al thani, in doha on sunday.
;;-0.7506;;(pti) new delhi, june 5: two-hour talks between prime minister narendramodi and the emir of qatar in doha today led the gulf nation to make its first-ever bilateral concession on the need to isolate state sponsors of terrorism.
;;0.0516;;the election commission on wednesday gave a clean chit to prime minister narendramodi over his pitch for votes in the name of the balakot air strikes.
;;0.0;;a meeting was chaired by prime minister narendramodi and the project will be taken up under a new central sector plan scheme of the ministry of power.
;;-0.296;;as far as my knowledge goes, there has been no change in the rules though prime minister narendramodi had taken steps in 2015 to change it.
;;0.7269;;he praised prime minister narendramodi for taking some good initiatives, including the swachh bharat campaign.
;;0.0;;narendra modibeijing: prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping will hold an informal summit in china's wuhan city on april 27 and 28 as efforts at a rapprochement gather pace after a testing year in bilateral ties.
;;-0.2023;;ashutosh mishranaveen patnaikfootnotemuch water has flown down the mahanadi since chief minister naveen patnaik wrote to prime minister narendramodi for the first time demanding a tribunal to settle odishas dispute with chhattisgarh over the water sharing issue.
;;0.0772;;a press note released today by the pmo, which talked of a swift follow-up to changes prime minister narendramodi had proposed in overseas citizenship of india during his september us visit, appeared to tout the eta scheme as its own initiative.
;;0.0;;next, the deal was expected to be inked during the visit of prime minister narendramodi to bangladesh in june last year but it did notmaterialise though mamata accompanied modi.
;;0.0772;;11: prime minister narendramodi today thrust india into an increasingly high-stakes game of wooing myanmar's generals, dangling before the strategically critical nation a bouquet of economic promises at a time it is trying to wean itself away from its overarching dependence on china.
;;-0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday once again invoked his backward caste origins and impoverished background, projecting himself as the saviour of the poor and the downtrodden a day after mayawati accused him of falsely claiming to have been been born into an other backward classes family for political gain.
;;0.8074;;the telegraph had reported in january 2016 that prime minister narendramodi had pushed the idea of universal fortification - addition of key vitamin and minerals to foods to improve their nutritional value and address nutritional gaps in the population - in meetings with top officials of the ministries of agriculture, food and public distribution, commerce, health and women and child development.
;;0.2846;;march 22: narendramodi appeared delighted with the latest wikileaks cables, crowing today: now even america knows modi is not just non-corrupt but incorruptible.
;;0.0;;file picturenew delhi: on a day narendramodi prescribed classwork to congress president rahul gandhi as if he were in primary school, young rjd politician tejashwi prasad offered the prime minister what can be a lesson in dealing with trolls.
;;0.2732;;do yoga and post a picture on social media appears to have been the order of the day, given the zeal with which ministers, heads of institutions/ missions overseas and publicity wings of government departments put out images of celebrations to create the semblance of what prime minister narendramodi termed a yoga movement.
;;0.0;;the report also comes a month before prime minister narendramodi makes his fourth trip to the us in two years.
;;0.25;;niti meet new delhi, april 22: prime minister narendramodi will tomorrow chair the third meeting of niti aayog's governing council which will deliberate on the 15-year vision document to accelerate the country's economic development.
;;-0.6597;;(reuters)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi has said that globalisation has started to lose its lustre as a worrisome tide of protectionism sweeps across the world.
;;0.0;;a protester burns an effigy of narendramodi in aizawl on wednesday.
;;-0.25;;picture by henry l. khojolprotesters burnt the effigies of prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh during an agitation against the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2019, here on thursday.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi had made promises in this regard during his two visits to the city.
;;0.7717;;happy to see a significant rise in the bjp's vote share in sabang, west bengal, prime minister narendramodi tweeted.
;;-0.2263;;the protesters also shouted slogans and burnt effigies of prime minister narendramodi and the nda government.
;;0.0258;;speaking on the controversial bjp mp from gorakhpur, who had raised the slogan of love jihad in the run-up to the assembly by-elections in uttar pradesh in september, pappu said: it seems prime minister narendramodi has failed to control his mps.
;;0.0516;;he said the decision was taken after review of the evidences against the leader, who has been accused of giving inflammatory remarks that those opposing the partys prime ministerial candidate narendramodi should go to pakistan.
;;-0.6486;;he also hit out at jd(u) national president k.c. tyagi for allegedly singling him out for attack over his remarks that critics and opponents of narendramodi should go to pakistan.
;;0.5994;;on the other hand, former deputy chief minister sushil kumari modi said narendramodi distanced himself from girirajs controversial remarks like bjp president rajnath singh, spokesperson nirmala sitaraman and others.
;;0.4939;;recalling how prime minister narendramodi had praised his efforts to implement prohibition during his visit to patna for prakash utsav in january, he said: at least, prohibition should be implemented in bjp-ruled states.
;;-0.296;;he accused bjps prime ministerial candidate narendramodi of trying to mislead the people of assam about the slow pace of development.
;;0.0;;brazilian president michel temer and prime minister narendramodi at the bilateral meeting in goa on sunday.
;;0.5423;;17: prime minister narendramodi today made a belated bid to woo brazil's new president michel temer for support to india's attempt to join the nuclear suppliers' group (nsg) but earned little more than an understanding of new delhi's aspirations.
;;0.0;;16: bihar chief minister nitish kumar today took on prime minister narendramodi , commented on the lalu-shahabuddin issue but spared his madhya pradesh counterpart shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.0;;the ruling congress has decided to use all its resources to oppose prime minister narendramodi modis november 22 visit to aizawl to campaign for the november 28 mizoram assembly polls.
;;0.25;;the union cabinet under the chairmanship of prime minister narendramodi has given its approval for closure of hindustan cables, calcutta, under the provisions of the companies act, 1956/2013, industrial disputes act, 1947 and other relevant acts, a statement said.
;;0.0;;the bbc reported on tuesday that the high-level group would report to the commonwealth heads of government meeting in london from april 16-20, which prime minister narendramodi is expected to attend.
;;0.25;;(ap)the congress on thursday bluntly told prime minister narendramodi that there are times in a nations life that are not suited to politicking and lamented that the ruling party was not in sync with the national spirit.
;;0.3612;;25: prime minister narendramodi on monday laid the foundation stone for a 1,500-km-long gas pipeline in his parliamentary constituency as part of the government's rs 51,000-crore project to provide natural gas to the eastern region.
;;-0.2732;;meanwhile, gujarat chief minister narendramodi will be a star absentee at the bccis agm, in mumbai, on monday-tuesday.
;;-0.296;;they appeared to have taken cue from chief minister nitish kumar's recent statements urging prime minister narendramodi to impose countrywide prohibition before propagating yoga.
