;;0.5499;;prime minister narendramodi modis peripatetic habits are sometimes criticised, but the truth is that new delhi has interests in countries many indians cannot place on a map.
;;0.1027;;the cabinet, headed by prime minister narendramodi , has given its go ahead to the retention of percentage-based regime of disability pension implemented post the 6th cpc, which the 7th pay panel report had recommended be replaced by a slab-based system.
;;0.3818;;the party also asked whether prime minister narendramodi agrees to the remarks made by the rss functionary, demanding he should clarify his stand on the issue.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , discussed threadbare the four draft legislation--central gst (cgst), integrated gst (igst), compensation rule and union territories gst (ut-gst) bills--and approved them at a meeting.
;;-0.0258;;the narendramodi government is racing against time to roll out gst from july, after successive governments have missed several deadlines.
;;0.0;;according to sources, prime minister narendramodi will hold a concall with officials of the j&k government on wednesday.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday alleged a patient died after an amethi hospital with trustees from the gandhi family denied him treatment saying it was not modis hospital where ayushman card would be accepted.
;;0.5267;;the statue of unity, a 182-metre memorial to sardar patel in kevadiya in narmada district, is the tallest structure of its kind in the world and was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on october 31 last year.
;;0.0;;president trump also suggested, falsely and incredulously, that prime minister narendramodi had made him the same request  he asked me the same, so i think theres something.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi has emerged as a clear favourite for the 2019 general elections after the bjps landslide victory in assembly elections in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, top us experts on india have said.
;;0.0;;in a jibe at prime minister narendramodi , gandhi said he was in wayanad to understand whats inside to peoples hearts and not talk about his mann ki baat.
;;0.5256;;prime minister narendramodi modis decision to talk directly to the people through his monthly mann ki baat radio programme has proved to be a far more effective medium of political communication than interviews to a few journalists or addressing a press conference, finance minister arun jaitley said in new delhi on friday.
;;0.0;;many educational institutions had been under the government scanner over alleged monetary discrepancies even before prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation exercise on november 8.
;;0.4019;;ahead of the second phase of elections in uttar pradesh, senior samajwadi party leader azam khan generated some heat by calling prime minister narendramodi a maha thug (super conman) and the shahi imam of jama masjid, syed ahmed bukhari bikau (purchasable).
;;0.8687;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 10:15 istlike every year, qamar mohsin shaikh wishes the very best for her brother prime minister narendramodi on rakha bandhan being celebrated on thursday.
;;-0.8481;;congress president rahul gandhi on thursday accused prime minister narendramodi of misleading the people of the country about his fight against corruption, saying he had shown his true intent by fielding the controversial reddy brothers of ballari, linked to the alleged iron ore mining scam.
;;-0.6124;;the film, titled pm narendramodi , was earlier set to release on april 11 but was banned by the election commission.
;;0.3182;;at a point in time when prime minister narendramodi is talking about startups and business ventures, both the parties are fooling people on the promise of ghee and smartphones.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi will seek to repair indias drifting partnership with russia when he meets president vladimir putin this week, amid wariness over moscows renewed interest in new delhis backyard, analysts say.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi , she said, the people of the country while listening to pms mann ki baat have not realised how the prices of lpg cylinders have gone up.
;;0.128;;chief minister siddaramaiah on monday served a rs 100-crore legal notice on prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and partys state unit chief bs yeddyurappa for alleged defamatory speeches and advertisements against him in the media.
;;-0.4939;;the congress urged the election commission to book prime minister narendramodi and other bjp leaders for alleged violation of the model code by holding a road show in varanasi without prior permission.
;;0.128;;it is requested that action may be taken and fir registered against all bjp leaders including narendramodi who were part of the road show, said k c mittal, aicc secretary incharge of legal and human rights cell.
;;0.6249;;after giving an address in the assembly, he visited the chamber of congress legislative party leader vaghela, an rss man-turned-bte noire of prime minister narendramodi , along with cm vijay rupani and state bjp president jitu vaghani.
;;-0.7579;;however, no opposition member was present in the house when he spoke as congress staged a walkout demanding tabling of the m b shah commission report on corruption charges against the state government when narendramodi was chief minister.
;;-0.4019;;pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and his indian counterpart narendramodi could meet on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana in june notwithstanding bilateral tensions, according to a media report in islamabad.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi on monday appreciated the efforts of gujarati folk singer geeta rabari soon after they met at the parliament.
;;0.0772;;read: the battle of wallets: bhim app vs paytm, mobikwik, freechargein a bid to further push adoption of e-payments in the country, prime minister narendramodi on december 30 launched the bhim app that will enable fast and secure cashless transactions using mobile phones.
;;-0.1027;;she challenged prime minister narendramodi for a national level debate on the performance of the nda government in the last five years.
;;0.6249;;gambhir had joined the bjp on march 22, saying that he was impressed with prime minister narendramodi modis vision.
;;-0.2023;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjees tirade against the governments currency recall reached a new crescendo as the trinamool congress leader accused prime minister narendramodi of removing crucial files related to the decision.
;;0.0;;crucial files are being removed by narendramodi and his office.
;;-0.5574;;including them in the anti-money laundering act closes a loop in prime minister narendramodi modis high-octane campaign against corruption that saw his government ban old 500 and 1000-rupee banknotes.
;;0.6808;;pushkarna will bring a special gift for prime minister narendramodi for whom she cooked for the first time more than a decade ago.
;;0.296;;she has also been a strong critic of prime minister narendramodi , who rose from the state where rawal is now an mp.
;;0.0;;he says his partys biggest priority is to get rid of the modi-shah duo, referring to prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;even after five years, narendramodi does not have any achievements to project before the people.
;;0.2732;;the focus of the india-china meeting was on implementing goals agreed on at the 2018 informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping, the people added.
;;0.4588;;highlighting the need to increase tax base and adopt new technology, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked young tax officials to be people-centric.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi on friday called the congress party a sinking boat and accused it of bad mouthing punjabs youth as he kick-started the campaign for sad-bjp coalition ahead of state assembly elections.
;;0.5106;;the prime minister narendramodi was speaking at a rally in jalandhar to muster support for the ruling shiromani akali dal-bharatiya janata party alliance, which is battling anti-incumbency after 10 years of rule.
;;0.4215;;according to an official statement, the cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , approved the jammu and kashmir reservation (second amendment) bill, 2019.
;;0.0;;according to many, the deteriorating relation between prime minister narendramodi and bengal chief minister mamata banerjee has also cast its shadow on the movement of bureaucrats between the state and the centre.
;;0.7717;;read: almost 400,000 orders for tesla model 3, says surprised elon muskhowever, there is some scope for it to work out in the end as a gigafactory installation may work in sync with prime minister narendramodi modis vision to generate 175 gigawatts of clean energy by 2022 for the country.
;;0.4767;;earlier news reports also indicate that prime minister narendramodi was impressed with teslas electricity storage technology after touring the companys campus during his visit to us.
;;-0.8316;;speaking about the steps being taken by the government to address the grievances, complaints and petitions of the migrant workers, prime minister narendramodi in his address to the pbd-2017 earlier on sunday said that strict action is being taken against illegal recruitment agents in india.
;;-0.7003;;haryana police on tuesday booked another jat protester on sedition charge for offensive remarks against prime minister narendramodi at the dharna site in jassia village of rohtak district.
;;0.0;;rosneft had wanted to finalise the deal in early june at the st petersburg forum, which indian prime minister narendramodi is attending.
;;0.8979;;the make in india mittelstand (miim) launched to encourage german small and medium industry (sme) to india has evoked major interest in germany, giving further boost to bilateral business ties, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday.
;;-0.4019;;the recent trouble for the ambedkar university comes just days before prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to attend the sixth convocation of the university on january 22 as chief guest.
;;0.296;;prime minister narendramodi modis flagship make in india was on top of sitharamans agenda.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi visited france last month during which both sides resolved to further enhance the already close defence ties between the two countries.
;;0.296;;thackeray, who is set to share the stage with prime minister narendramodi in ausa on tuesday, said he would tell the pm about the shortcomings of the centres crop insurance scheme.
;;-0.6369;;a new video of an army jawan surfaced on social media on thursday in which he has alleged harassment by superiors for writing to prime minister narendramodi over the problems faced by the soldiers.
;;0.0;;it was prime minister narendramodi , who helped get yoga international recognition.
;;0.0;;the stage is all set for prime minister narendramodi modis public rally set to be held in kurukshetra on wednesday.
;;-0.6705;;the beheadings triggered nationwide outrage and the bsf mans family initially refused to cremate him unless prime minister narendramodi and the chief minister were present.
;;-0.2924;;prime minister narendramodi did not keep the promises he made to the people.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday greeted the nation on the occasion of basant panchami.
;;0.0;;flaying dmk leader mk stalins remarks that the palaniswami government was a proxy regime run by prime minister narendramodi , ruling aiadmk faction said on sunday that he was making such remarks only for political mileage.
;;0.0;;earlier during the day, union information and broadcasting minister m venkaiah naidu had slammed the dmk for terming the aiadmk regime a benami government of prime minister narendramodi , asking if it was right to call the dmk benami of congress when it was holding office under the upa regime.
;;-0.4939;;somaiyas remarks to a marathi tv channel ibn lokmat came a day after sena mouthpiece saamana took on prime minister narendramodi , saying demonetisation was akin to dropping a nuclear bomb on the countrys economy.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi congratulated the scientists on twitter.
;;0.0;;he was inducted into prime minister narendramodi modis previous government as a junior minister with independent charge of coal and power.
;;0.296;;nearly 8,000 students from lucknow university (lu) will join prime minister narendramodi in international yoga day celebrations to be organised at ramabai rally sthal in lucknow on june 21.
;;0.0;;around 5,000 students of city montessori school will perform yoga with pm narendramodi on the forthcoming third international yoga day.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi won the varanasi parliamentary seat by 479,505 votes on thursday, bettering his victory margin of 2014 when he had defeated aam aadmi party chief arvind kejriwal by over 371,784 votes.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will lead the event to be held at the sprawling forest research institute ground.
;;-0.1531;;it also came at an awkward moment as prime minister narendramodi is set to make an official visit to the us later this month.
;;0.6597;;the 59-year-old tea seller whom prime minister narendramodi praised during his mann ki baat programme on sunday morning has been the guardian angel to over 70 slum children for the last 18 years, by helping them get educated.
;;-0.2023;;twitter.com/31vcbogmbx  narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 27, 2018a school dropout himself, rao started the school asha o ashwasana in 2000 when he saw kids in his neighbourhood taking to petty crimes or becoming alcoholics.
;;0.6705;;i am thankful to prime minister narendramodi , union home minister amit shah, bjp working president jp nadda and chief minister yogi adityanath for this [cabinet rank], said rana.
;;0.0;;he did it again last week, issuing an edict against none other than prime minister narendramodi over his demonetisation drive.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 04, 2019 06:57 istprime minister narendramodi arrived at the vladivostok international airport wednesday for two-day russia visit.
;;0.5719;;#watch prime minister narendramodi receives guard of honour, on his arrival in vladivostok.
;;0.128;;in 2015, prime minister narendramodi launched the sugamya bharat abhiyan (accessible india campaign) on world disability day amid much fanfare.
;;0.0;;in a stinging swipe at prime minister narendramodi for his remarks against his predecessor manmohan singh, congress vice-president rahul gandhi said instead of peeping into the bathrooms of others and reading horoscopes, he should look into issues concerning the common man.
;;0.0;;rahul gandhi had even written to prime minister narendramodi for starting of commercial flights from the existing airport in kota.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 08:30 istwhen a student present at the isro centre here urged prime minister narendramodi to give him tips to become the president of india, the former jovially asked him why doesnt he aim to become the prime minister instead.
;;0.4939;;in may 2016, indian prime minister narendramodi visited iran and signed an agreement to invest $500 million to develop the port and related infrastructure, crs said.
;;-0.875;;prime minister narendramodi has proved by ordering air strikes in balakot that we are no longer a government that takes such attacks lying down.
;;0.8481;;the sena also said if the development that the bjp keeps harping on had indeed been visible to the publics, fadnavis and prime minister narendramodi would have won popular support without even having to come out of their houses.
;;-0.6124;;while many plots by is terrorists have been foiled, including one allegedly targeting prime minister narendramodi , the groups first known successful strike in india was a pipe bomb explosion in a bhopal-ujjain passenger train at jabri railway station in madhya pradesh on march 7.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis even wrote to prime minister narendramodi , pushing for the site to be picked as indias nomination for a world heritage tag.
;;0.5574;;bihar chief minister nitish kumar has called the junking of rs 500 and rs 1000 notes a monumental mismanagement, after months of heaping praise on prime minister narendramodi modis decision.
;;0.0;;not too long ago, kumar was seen as cozying up to his bte noir and prime minister narendramodi at the birth anniversary celebrations of sikh religious leader, guru gobind singh.
;;0.0;;as in earlier phases, this time too prime minister narendramodi tweeted urging voters to break record of previous three phases.
;;0.1027;;campaigning for the seventh and final phase of uttar pradesh assembly elections on march 8 reached fever pitch on sunday, with prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency varanasi remaining the focal point in the endgame.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to visit the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) headquarters at mahal on april 14 and meet rss chief mohan bhagwat, probably to discuss the nominee for the presidential elections.
;;0.7096;;however, it attracted the attention of prime minister narendramodi who made a proud mention of it in his radio programme mann ki baat in the first week of march.
;;-0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi modis surprise announcement to recall the high-value banknotes sparked chaos and confusion across the country, with millions of consumers queued outside banks and atms to change a limited number of old notes for new ones or withdraw cash.
;;0.0;;* prime minister narendramodi holds a meeting of members of his cabinet on monday amid speculation that the government may take some decisions on jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.4019;;the 77-year-old ex-soldier has used the heating up of indo-pak tensions to be one up on prime minister narendramodi in pakistan-bashing.
;;-0.1027;;he also questioned the personality cult and drew kejriwals parallels with narendramodi , rahul gandhi and yogi adityanath.
;;0.4019;;breaking her silence on why she did not contest against prime minister narendramodi in varanasi, congress general secretary priyanka gandhi on tuesday said that she was advised against the move by the senior leaders of the party.
;;0.128;;rejecting the claim, sources in krishna camp said their leader would hold any such discussions only with top two bjp leadersprime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah.
;;0.8957;;i congratulate prime minister shri narendramodi and home minister shri amit shah for this historic initiative and pray for peace, prosperity and progress in jammu, kashmir and ladakh, he said in a statement.
;;-0.3182;;indiaupdated: sep 08, 2019 00:53 ista teary-eyed k. sivan, chairman of the indian space research organisation (isro), being consoled by prime minister narendramodi six hours after the isro control centre lost communication with the vikram lander will remain one of the most enduring images of the mission.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi modis government has held several meetings with industry officials, seeking to stem the fall in auto sales, a slowdown in lending by non-bank finance companies, and revive consumer demand.
;;0.0;;the programme was a prelude to the upcoming international yoga day celebrations in lucknow on june 21 in which prime minister narendramodi and cm yogi adityanath will participate.
;;0.3818;;he said it was prime minister narendramodi who highlighted the benefits of yoga before the world.
;;0.34;;he downplayed a purported plan by maoists to assassinate prime minister narendramodi , stating that the countrys security system will never let that happen.
;;-0.3818;;upset over the development, tannery owners have decided to oppose the move and petition both prime minister narendramodi and up chief minister yogi adityanath and call on them next week.
;;0.3089;;the world has increasingly become inter-connected and inter-dependent, a transformation that has made it necessary for india and china to cooperate on trade and investments despite a simmering border dispute, prime minister narendramodi said on friday.
;;0.4767;;indiaupdated: sep 04, 2019 01:41 ista key role has been chalked out for women members of gram panchayats in the ambitious jal jeevan mission  which aims at increasing the piped water network in india  announced by prime minister narendramodi in his independence day speech last month from the ramparts of the red fort.
;;0.0;;25 lakh-crore announced by prime minister narendramodi during the poll campaign, an rti query has revealed.
;;0.0;;she recalled having lengthy discussions on the issue with prime minister narendramodi during her visit to india in november 2016.
;;-0.296;;prime minister narendramodi made the deal with russian president vladimir putin in october, defying us warnings of sanctions on countries buying russian military equipment.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi condoled his demise, saying gill will be remembered for his service to the nation in the fields of policing and security.
;;0.0;;although the sena has never shied away from criticising prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, the party rarely targeted cm fadnavis.
;;0.0;;here is a history of the ups and downs of the relationship between asias two giants ahead of prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinpings meeting in chinas wuhan city this week.
;;0.3818;;newly elected prime minister narendramodi had hoped to build a new relationship on the basis of economics.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis much-anticipated visit to israel could take place in mid-2017 in what would be the first such tour by an indian premier to the jewish state, as the two countries mark 25 years of their diplomatic ties.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah, rss chief mohan bhagwat, former prime ministers manmohan singh and hd deve gowda, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and congress president rahul gandhi have visited vajpayee at the aiims over the past four days.
;;-0.2023;;jat protesters in rohtak and adjoining districts on sunday burnt effigies of bjp leaders, including prime minister narendramodi and haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar, and observed black holi at the ongoing dharnas to press for their demands, including reservation and withdrawal of cases against the community youths in connection with last years stir.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi must be cautioned against using words that were threatening, intimidating in content and a public warning against the leaders of the congress, former prime minister manmohan singh and several leaders of the main opposition party have said in a letter to president ram nath kovind.
;;-0.1419;;editorialsupdated: sep 01, 2019 18:02 istaddressing a malayalam manorama media conclave on friday, prime minister narendramodi said that people do not need to agree on everything, but there must be civility in public life for differing streams to be able to hear each others point of view.
;;-0.128;;96 lakh in the north bengal district since prime minister narendramodi made the surprise announcement of culling 86  of the currency in circulation on november 8 last year.
;;-0.5574;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee hit out at prime minister narendramodi on wednesday for his demonetisation decision, and seemingly compared him to bollywood villain gabbar singh.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced on november 8 last year the governments decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1000 bank notes, in a move aimed at tackling black money.
;;0.701;;addressing a public meet, the cm said that prime minister narendramodi was very serious about deaths caused by je and aes and it was due to his support that a vaccination drive had been launched successfully.
;;0.0;;30am at prime minister narendramodi modis residence in new delhis lok kalyan marg.
;;0.0;;the sewa saptah is being observed to mark prime minister narendramodi modis birthday on september 17, said sharma while addressing the gathering.
;;0.6369;;it is a matter of happiness and pride that the prime minister narendramodi modis dream of make in india has taken a shape on the soil of madhya pradesh in the form of establishment of countrys first small weapons manufacturing unit of the private sector, he said speaking at the inaugural programme.
;;0.6597;;the energy minister reminded bjp leaders of the fact that prime minister narendramodi had appreciated electrification work in bihar during his hajipur visit in march 2016.
;;0.4215;;in spring 2015, the abu dhabi royal family urged prime minister narendramodi to consider a state visit to the united arab emirates.
;;-0.8074;;while rahul focused on farmers, youth and the poor, his main target of attack was prime minister narendramodi for demonetisation, taking recourse to politics of hatred and failure to keep promises of creating jobs.
;;-0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi on monday expressed deep sadness over the loss of lives in the blasts at st. petersburg metro.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 10, 2019 13:07 istprime minister narendramodi on tuesday inaugurated asias first cross-border petroleum pipeline, between india and nepal.
;;-0.5764;;new delhi the union home ministry informed the rajya sabha on wednesday that it has not yet approved the proposed change of the name of west bengal to bangla, prompting chief minister mamata banerjee to shoot off a letter to prime minister narendramodi , asking him to expedite the renaming process.
;;0.0;;she also urged the voters to remove uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath along with prime minister narendramodi at the centre.
;;0.0772;;a fat tax will be charged on junk food, if prime minister narendramodi clears a recommendation from a team of top bureaucrats he had constituted to suggest ideas on health, sanitation and urban development in this years budget.
;;0.7096;;prime minister narendramodi discussed bilateral, regional and international matters of mutual interest with the crown prince of abu dhabi, sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan today, and also formally launched rupay card to expand the network of cashless transactions abroad.
;;0.5859;;9:22 pm ist pm wishes indian community on krishna janmotsav pm narendramodi addressing indian community in bahrain: it is the sacred festival of janmashtmi today.
;;0.0;;9:10 pm ist pm modi to shortly address indian community in bahrain prime minister narendramodi to shortly address indian community in bahrain.
;;0.9501;;8:17 pm ist pm modi conveys gratitude for highest civilian honour of uae mea: prime minister narendramodi conveyed his gratitude to the crown prince of united arab emirates (uae), mohamed bin zayed al nahyan for conferring on him the highest civilian honour of uae, the order of zayed.
;;0.7783;;:ani7:55 pm ist rupay card being launched in middle east for the first time: mea ministry of external affairs: prime minister narendramodi modis first engagement in the united arab emirates was the launch of rupay card, it is the first time the rupay card is being launched in the middle east.
;;0.0;;:ani7:00 pm ist pm modi meets pm of bahrain prince khalifa bin salman al khalifa prime minister narendramodi meets prince khalifa bin salman al khalifa, the pm of bahrain, in manama.
;;0.0;;( ani twitter )6:25 pm ist pm modi arrives in manama prime minister narendramodi arrives in manama, for his two-day state visit to bahrain.
;;0.5423;;3:07 pm ist pm modi conferred with order of zayed prime minister narendramodi conferred with order of zayed, uaes highest civilian award by crown prince, mohamed bin zayed al nahyan.
;;0.5423;;abu dhabi: prime minister narendramodi conferred with order of zayed, uae's highest civilian award by crown prince, mohamed bin zayed al nahyan.
;;0.4215;;twitter.com/tezahedtju  ani (@ani) august 24, 20193:00 pm ist pm modi, uae crown prince hold delegation-level talks in abu dhabi prime minister narendramodi & united arab emirates crown prince, mohamed bin zayed al nahyan hold delegation-level talks in abu dhabi.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/wr00n4uxgk  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) august 24, 201912:45 pm ist pm narendramodi interacts with nri business community in uae prime minister narendramodi interacts with nri business community in abu dhabi, uae.
;;-0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah and chief minister mamata banerjee all postponed rallies.
;;0.0;;publicity campaigns in ghaziabad and adjoining places were undertaken by star campaigners including prime minister narendramodi , congress vice-president rahul gandhi, incumbent up cm akhilesh yadav, mayawati, yogi aditya nath, actor turned politicians hema malini and naghma, amit shah, raj babbar, ghulam nabi azad, mohammad azam khan, nasimuddin siddiqui and jayant chaudhary.
;;-0.765;;prime minister narendramodi and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjees war of words reached new heights on thursday with pm modi alleging that trinamool congress (tmc) leaders in purulia and bankura were working as coal mafias and banerjee hitting back by asking the prime minister to do 100 sit-ups holding his ears if he is proved wrong.
;;0.0;;the partys star campaigners, including prime minister narendramodi , bjps national president amit shah, union minister smriti irani and others, had so far addressed election rallies in the tribal region.
;;0.34;;the ex-cm hit the campaign trail in santhal parganas on wednesday when he shared the dais with prime minister narendramodi during the latters public rally in deoghar.
;;0.0;;adityanath said prime minister narendramodi had talked about making the state a trillion dollar economy at the up investors summit-2018.
;;0.5994;;alleging a scam into the high cost of the highest tricolour (360 ft) in the country installed at the attari border, outgoing chairman of amritsar improvement trust (ait) suresh mahajan has sent a communiqu to prime minister narendramodi and sought a cbi inquiry into the matter.
;;-0.4215;;in india, the f-16 is up against saabs gripen combat aircraft, which the swedish firm has also offered to make locally, as prime minister narendramodi drives a make-in-india campaign to build a domestic aerospace industry and reduce costly imports.
;;-0.2944;;congress president rahul gandhi took a sharp dig at his party colleagues for the partys rout in the 2019 lok sabha elections, saying he at times stood completely alone in the fight against prime minister narendramodi and the rashtriya swayamsewak sangh (rss).
;;0.0;;the us president said he would be meeting prime minister narendramodi over the weekend, on the sidelines of the upcoming g-7 summit in biarritz, france.
;;-0.6124;;lashing out at the bjp, mayawati said people angry with the centres anti-people policies and that prime minister narendramodi has failed to fulfil the promises he made to the people during the 2014 lok sabha election.
;;-0.7096;;new delhi/gonda: conspirators from across the border were responsible for a train derailment near kanpur that killed 150 people and injured more than 200 last november, prime minister narendramodi said on friday.
;;-0.5859;;police have registered a case of sedition against a man for allegedly calling to behead prime minister narendramodi during a protest by jats seeking reservation in education and government jobs in rohtak.
;;0.4019;;as the cultural and military power of india was showcased on rajpath on a foggy thursday morning, prime minister narendramodi modis imprint on the show was clearly visible.
;;0.0;;she must find resources for welfare programs announced by prime minister narendramodi modis government, including 870 billion rupees ($12.
;;-0.4215;;the abvp had used prime minister narendramodi modis name during its campaign and the nsui and the aisa criticised the centres policies.
;;0.4019;;he alleged that prime minister narendramodi modis intention behind demonetisation was to support corporates.
;;0.6249;;the whole intent of narendramodi was to support the digital transaction corporate sector of master card, visa, paytm, wherein a growing economy like india is service charged and merchant discount rate will run into thousands of crores annually (sic), he said.
;;0.5994;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea), chaired by the prime minister narendramodi , cleared the listing of shares in rail vikas nigam limited (rvnl), ircon international limited, indian railway finance corporation (irfc) ltd, indian railway catering and tourism corporation (irctc) ltd, rites ltd, bharat dynamics limited (bdl), garden reach shipbuilders & engineers (grse) ltd, mazagon dock shipbuilders limited (mdsl), north eastern electric power corporation (neepco) ltd, mstc ltd and mishra dhatu nigam ltd.the listing of companies will be through public offer of shares upto 25  of government of indias shareholding, which may include offer of fresh shares for raising of funds from market.
;;0.4404;;mahajan held farewell meetings with prime minister narendramodi and home minister rajnath singh and greeted the bjps newly appointed working president, jp nadda.
;;-0.1027;;rahul, priyanka target modi, say achche din like sholays gabbarcongress vice-president rahul gandhi and his sister priyanka gandhi vadra attacked prime minister narendramodi on friday, accusing the bjp leader of making empty promises and dubbing him an outsider to uttar pradesh.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi greeted indians on the seventh national voters day on wednesday urging eligible voters to exercise their franchise and the young to register as voters when they turn 18.
;;0.1779;;on the other hand, prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and even bsp chief mayawati have visited the state and all of them have ridiculed the nyay scheme.
;;0.2739;;congress president rahul gandhi said on tuesday that he would prefer to die but would never insult prime minister narendramodi modis parents.
;;-0.5719;;but narendramodi ji insults my father.
;;0.0;;on monday, prime minister narendramodi was in madhya pradesh to address an election meeting at ratlam in the region.
;;0.0516;;indias economic growth slipped to a six-year low of 5  in the april-june quarter and prime minister narendramodi , who was re-elected to a second term in a landslide in may, is under pressure to provide a stimulus for an economy that is seriously undershooting the growth rate needed to generate enough jobs for the millions of young indians entering the labour market every month.
;;0.8481;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday said that in order to talk of peace it is essential to be strong as he came down heavily on the opposition, particularly congress, over national security.
;;0.7096;;i feel proud that i got an opportunity to work prime minister narendramodi in parliament.
;;0.0;;the us president has been having customary phone calls with world leaders after assuming office two weeks ago  he and prime minister narendramodi spoke on january 24, and the call was amicable and uneventful, according to both countries.
;;0.4404;;rawat said president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi modis proposed visit to the chardham would send out a message across the country that the chardham yatra was safe.
;;-0.128;;congress leader priyanka gandhi vadra monday took a jibe at prime minister narendramodi over his statement about iaf aircrafts evading pakistan radars during the balakot air strike due to the cloudy weather.
;;0.0;;from september, the data team will assess cleanliness in prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency, varanasi, by studying real-time photographs by contributors.
;;0.0;;the chief minister recalled that prime minister narendramodi had addressed a meeting at the same venue two years ago.
;;0.8316;;nitish had said, it is a day of great honour that prime minister narendramodi is present for patna universitys centenary celebrations.
;;0.4576;;he hired a really smart social media team that always seemed to have the last word in repartees with prime minister narendramodi modis own team.
;;-0.1779;;the anti-satellite missile strike was announced by prime minister narendramodi on live television on march 27, an address that was condemned by the opposition parties.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on friday asked the congress leaders to mind their language as he has everyones dossier, which he can disclose, while dubbing the harish rawat government in uttarakhand as most corrupt.
;;-0.6124;;on saturday night, gandhi said that some reports had come in from jammu and kashmir about the violence there and prime minister narendramodi must assuage concerns over the matter in a transparent manner.
;;0.5423;;the party is all set to pitch its star campaigners, which include prime minister narendramodi , bjps national president amit shah, top leaders smriti irani, manoj tiwari and giriraj singh, to canvass for bjp candidates who are contesting from these three seats.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will address an election rally on may 15 in deoghar assembly segment under godda parliamentary constituency, from where bjps sitting mp nishi kant dubey is contesting.
;;-0.5719;;police detained two people on saturday for allegedly throwing crude bombs at bharatiya janata party (bjp) office in bhubaneswar, less than an hour after prime minister narendramodi modis public rally in cuttack to mark the fourth year of his government.
;;0.0;;in the heat of the crucial uttar pradesh elections, prime minister narendramodi has been coining amusing acronyms and redefinitions that have caught the attention of the public and triggered a battle of wits by rivals.
;;-0.5423;;i have been compelled to do the same for him, she said, spelling out pms name: narendramodi means negative, damodardas means dalit, modi means man.
;;-0.705;;prime minister narendramodi described terrorism as the gravest challenge facing humanity and urged europe to play a lead role in developing an effective global response under the aegis of the un to deal with this menace.
;;0.5994;;boosting credit growth is a key goal of prime minister narendramodi modis government, as it seeks to revive the economy and offset the effects of a shadow banking crisis that has been unfolding since september.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi has also thrown his weight behind triple talaq reform, saying it was his administrations duty to ensure the rights of muslim women were upheld.
;;0.4767;;the cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday gave an approval to the declaration of scheduled areas in rajasthan under the fifth schedule to the constitution of india by rescinding the constitution order (c.o.) and promulgation of a new constitution order.
;;-0.7096;;those who question indias surgical strikes on militant launch pads in pakistan-occupied kashmir should speak to families of army martyrs, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday, in comments apparently aimed at stoking a raging debate over nationalism.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi in may 2016 launched the pmuy nine months before the last assembly elections in uttar pradesh in the states ballia district.
;;0.0;;despite admitting that rawat and two others before him  four-time gujarat chief minister narendramodi (now the prime minister) and haryana chief minister manoharlal khattar  were full-time rss workers, the sangh leadership claimed all the three were picked on the basis of their bjp credentials.
;;0.1779;;meanwhile, aicc media panellist prem chandra mishra reacted strongly over union minister giriraj singhs tirade against party chief rahul gandhi over pandey issue and said that prime minister narendramodi should first apologise for retaining nihal chand as a cabinet minister despite him being chargesheeted by the police in a rape case.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the only vision of the congress was to create divisions in communities, while congress president rahul gandhi accused him of dividing the nation, sending the political mercury soaring a day before the second phase of the lok sabha elections.
;;0.7845;;in the short term, an mou that launches a dialogue between scientists and policymakers would help depoliticise water security, and provide an opportunity for prime minister narendramodi , president xi jinping, and prime minister sheikh hasina to demonstrate high-profile cooperation to the international community.
;;0.2732;;indiaupdated: aug 27, 2019 02:32 istprime minister narendramodi on monday highlighted indias large scale efforts towards eliminating single use plastic, conserving water, harnessing solar energy and, protecting flora and fauna for a sustainable future in his address to a g7 session on environment here.
;;0.0;;twenty-nine election meetings, three more than planned, by prime minister narendramodi were part of this blitz.
;;-0.4588;;during the lok sabha election campaign, bjp leaders including prime minister narendramodi , bjp national president amit shah and uttar pradesh chief minister yodi adityanath repeatedly attacked mamata banerjee for the step.
;;-0.4215;;the gda had already been under attack over the issue of cag audit as the prime minister narendramodi had targeted the authority and alleged zameeno ka ghotala (land scams) in his february 8 election rally in ghaziabad.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi on monday inaugurated indias first international exchange -- india inx -- at the international financial service centre (ifsc) of gift city here, saying it will enable indian firms to compete on equal footing with offshore firms.
;;0.0516;;third, tuesdays victory confirms the obvious: if state assembly elections are any guide, prime minister narendramodi appears to be gaining rather than losing political capital as the clock winds down on his first term in office.
;;0.0;;chenani-nashri tunnel, indias longest highway tunnel, on the jammu-srinagar national highway, was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on sunday.
;;0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi on friday interacted with 26-year-old misba hashmi of yamunanagar and praised her for helping people avail government schemes by running a common service centre (csc) at her native village buria.
;;0.0;;i have been nominated by prime minister narendramodi for swacch bharat abhiyan.
;;0.0;;bjp has recently nominated me as one of its star campaigners and will take up the job as i believe in prime minister narendramodi modis work.
;;-0.25;;the opposition parties in the the lok sabha teamed up on thursday to take on prime minister narendramodi and the government over hate crimes against indians in the us reported over the last few days.
;;-0.7003;;family members of the officer had earlier shot off a letter to prime minister narendramodi demanding a cbi probe into his death.
;;0.25;;after concluding his engagements in germany, prime minister narendramodi reached spain on tuesday on the second leg of his six-day, four-nation tour of europe.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, india and germany held the fourth round of the biannual inter-governmental consultations (igc) in germany, with a meeting between indian prime minister narendramodi and german chancellor angela merkel.
;;0.0516;;#watch prime minister narendramodi reaches madrid in spain, on the second leg of his six-day, four-nation tour pic.
;;0.9136;;riding on prime minister narendramodi modis wave, the bjp is hopeful that it will be an easy win for the party, said ajay bhatt, state president.
;;0.2023;;indiaupdated: aug 13, 2019 08:50 istcongress in tamil nadu on monday took potshots at top film star rajinikanth for likening prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah duo to lord krishna and arjuna and wanted him to read mahabharat properly.
;;0.9337;;my heartfelt thanks to prime minister narendramodi , party president amit shah and chief minister devendra fadnavis for reposing trust in me and appointing me as the state party chief, patil tweeted after the announcement.
;;-0.3612;;last month, prime minister narendramodi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings, post demonetisation.
;;0.6486;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 13:45 istprime minister narendramodi on thursday reiterated his governments resolve to make india a $5 trillion economy in the five years through several initiatives, including rs 100 lakh crore investment in infrastructure, making policy environment more predictable and pushing for make in india with special emphasis on rural economy, and micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes).
;;-0.765;;the bjp will rush a team to kannur, the north kerala district where a saffron activist was murdered by alleged cpi(m) workers, as the contentious issue may figure in talks between chief minister pinarayi vijayan and prime minister narendramodi in delhi on monday.
;;-0.1027;;vijay mallya lashed out at prime minister narendramodi once again on thursday, a day after the fugitive liquor baron questioned the centre for bailing out ailing air india and not doing enough for private airlines.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis washing feet of dalits at the kumbh in prayagraj was just an eye wash.
;;0.25;;in 2016, a group of students created a flutter when they shouted slogans against prime minister narendramodi while he was on dais during its convocation ceremony.
;;0.3612;;the interim report on promoting digital payments was submitted to prime minister narendramodi on wednesday by naidu and chief ministers of madhya pradesh shivraj singh chouhan, maharashtra devendra fadnavis and sikkim pawan kumar chamling.
;;-0.6597;;even as the congress on thursday attacked prime minister narendramodi for his silence on the tuticorin incident, union home minister rajnath singh said his ministry has sought a report from the tamil nadu government on the police firing and the prevailing situation in the area.
;;0.7003;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee has urged prime minister narendramodi to treat contributions by business houses to the chief ministers relief funds as money spent by companies on corporate social responsibility (csr) activities, which would entitle the donors to claim tax breaks.
;;0.0;;following the demonetisation move by prime minister narendramodi , the government is aiming to be a less-cash economy and is pushing for more digital transactions.
;;0.0;;iconic cartoon characters motu and patlu also performed yoga with prime minister narendramodi here on the occasion of the fifth international yoga day.
;;-0.4404;;ramana gram panchayat in chiraigaon block of prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency varanasi has become the first in uttar pradesh to own a ro plant that will supply purified water to locals.
;;0.0;;adityanath also lauded prime minister narendramodi to end casteism in the society.
;;-0.7845;;like abraham lincoln and nelson mandela got freedom for blacks from slavery and racism, pm narendramodi has laid foundation of new india by ending casteism and other evils of the society, said the cm.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi is set to lay the foundation stone of countrys longest purvanchal expressway on may 26 in azamgarh, the parliamentary constituency of samajawadi party patriarch mulayam singh yadav.
;;-0.3156;;translocation of lions from gir to kuno palpur has been a bitter issue between the two bjp rules states for more than a decade with prime minister narendramodi terming the big cats as pride of gujarat which it cannot share when he was gujarats chief minister between 2002 and 2014.
;;0.34;;the groundwork has begun for prime minister narendramodi modis historic visit to israel in july this year with national security advisor ajit doval on a quiet two-day visit to tel aviv.
;;0.0;;chief minister o panneerselvam is likely to meet prime minister narendramodi on the issue.
;;-0.5719;;there was a belief that a combination of anger against demonetisation and the chemistry of the akhilesh yadav-rahul gandhi combination would produce a result that would deflate prime minister narendramodi and set the political stage for the 2019 general election.
;;0.5719;;the supreme court on tuesday dismissed a petition by a congress activist seeking a stay on the release of a biopic on prime minister narendramodi , saying the election commission can look into the matter.
;;0.8442;;the top court said whether the film pm narendramodi tilts the electoral balance in favour of a political party, that is the bharatiya janata party (bjp, is an issue that can be decided by the poll watchdog.
;;0.6901;;the president is the custodian of the constitution and it will be very good for the nation if we have a consensus candidate like apj abdul kalam, banerjee said after her meeting with prime minister narendramodi on thursday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during his meeting with west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0516;;while sawant accused the congress of lacking strong national leadership to match prime minister narendramodi , deora took a dig at the sena saying it is forced to ask for votes in the name of modi, with no solid support from its constituents in south mumbai.
;;0.7717;;prime minister narendramodi on friday greeted the central industrial security force (cisf) on its 48th raising day and hailed it for securing the countrys key establishments.
;;0.0;;instructions have been issued to vda officials to raise the height of the platform where the statue would be set up by 10 ft so that people visiting the prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency may see the statue from far away, tiwari said.
;;-0.4404;;in one of his sharpest attacks on the national democratic alliance governments policies and prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi on sunday said that the countrys watchman is silent on graft and predicted his partys victory in the upcoming round of assembly elections and next years lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;if the congress had not stood up, all the land of farmers would have been snatched by narendramodi , he said.
;;-0.4404;;the congress does not politicise the army, rahul gandhi said, and it is not anyones property as prime minister narendramodi questioned the congress claims that the upa government had carried out six surgical strikes during its tenure.
;;-0.128;;haryana minister anil vij said on saturday that prime minister narendramodi is a better brand name than mahatma gandhi amid a raging controversy over modis photograph replacing that of the father of the nation in the 2017 calendar published by the khadi village industries commission (kvic).
;;-0.5423;;prime minster narendramodi has said that the government was taking steps to double farmers income by 2022, and let me say that if we fail to do so then you can kick the bjp out of power, he added.
;;-0.5423;;worldupdated: aug 23, 2019 00:50 istthe unites states on thursday said indias decision on article 370 for the state of jammu and kashmir is an internal matter but has regional implications and president donald trump expects to hear from prime minister narendramodi when they meet on the margins of the upcoming g-7 meetings what he plans to do to reduce regional tensions and uphold human rights in the state.
;;0.0;;at a press interaction with visiting prime minister imran khan in july, president trump had first offered to mediate and has wrongly claimed even prime minister narendramodi wanted him to.
;;-0.875;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday said his government managed to contain terrorism to only two and a half districts in jammu and kashmir and that no bomb blast took place elsewhere in the country in last five years.
;;-0.296;;while india and pakistan are struggling to address their trust deficit, the maldives  the only south asian country prime minister narendramodi is yet to visit  is steadily cosying up with china.
;;-0.3919;;electoral missionprime minister narendramodi has invested heavily in foreign policy, but his personalised style of diplomacy is laden with risk factors.
;;-0.5897;;prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that people of kashmir want to join the mainstream of development and those trying to spread hate and obstruct development works in kashmir will never succeed.
;;0.0;;the government is not an elected contractor but think what you can contribute for the country, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday.
;;0.4215;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea), chaired by prime minister narendramodi , approved the proposal of india trade promotion organisation (itpo), a mini ratna category-1 company under the department of commerce, for redevelopment of pragati maidan on tuesday.
;;0.0;;us president donald trump is looking forward to hosting prime minister narendramodi later this year, the white house said in a statement on tuesday.
;;0.4939;;president donald j. trump spoke with prime minister narendramodi of india to congratulate him on the outcome of indias recent state-level elections, the white house statement said.
;;0.2023;;in january 2017, a group of secretaries appointed by prime minister narendramodi had recommended that teachers should not be assigned any non-academic work.
;;0.296;;prime minister narendramodi speaks to shashi shekhar on a range of issues, including ndas governance record, the economy, demonetisation, opposition strategy and his partys poll prospects.
;;0.0;;there is a question not to the prime minister but to the person that narendramodi is.
;;0.6486;;union law and justice, electronics and information technology minister ravi shankar prasad said that the people of his constituency, patna sahib, had given prime minister narendramodi a decisive mandate that was in sync with the wave blowing across the state and the country.
;;0.836;;he said, on one hand, there was hope that the country would progress and flourish under pm narendramodi modis leadership.
;;0.0;;ab volvo chief martin lundstedt called on prime minister narendramodi , the pmo said on monday, weeks after a meeting with heads of two japanese auto giants toyota and suzuki to discussed make in india.
;;0.4144;;indiaupdated: aug 14, 2019 11:39 istin the first 75 days of prime minister narendramodi modis second term, the government has acted on some of the most crucial issues like abrogation of article 370 in jammu and kashmir and carving out two union territories from it.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis government courted controversy this week, when it claimed the economy grew 7  in the october-december quarter and kept the forecast for fy 2016-17 unchanged at 7.
;;0.8442;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 18:43 istrashtriya swayamsevak sangh chief mohan bhagwat on thursday praised prime minister narendramodi for nullifying article 370 that gave special status to jammu and kashmir and said the government had shown courage.
;;-0.1531;;read | budget 2017: govt pushes for digital economy but no substantial tax breaksthe demonetisation decision was announced by prime minister narendramodi on november 8 following a meeting of the rbi board and also of the union cabinet.
;;0.4939;;editorialsupdated: sep 10, 2019 17:12 istprime minister narendramodi on monday said that india will restore 26 million hectares (ha) of degraded land by 2030, taking up the target by five million ha from the current 21 million ha.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi consoles o panneerselvam while paying his last respects to jayaram jayalalithaa at rajaji hall in chennai.
;;0.4767;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi has given ex-post facto approval to the proposals for extension of tenure of loans under the clss vertical of pradhan mantri awas yojana (urban) mission from 15 to 20 years, said an official statement.
;;0.4927;;prime minister narendramodi has been named among the probable contenders for time magazines annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world.
;;-0.7269;;former bihar chief minister and rjd leader rabri devi has described prime minister narendramodi as jallad (executioner) and accusing him of killing judges and journalists.
;;0.4019;;the senior bjp leaders would directly interact with the people and apprise them about prime minister narendramodi modis desire of making odisha as the laboratory of development, samal said.
;;0.6808;;read more| up election: akhilesh begins campaign from sultanpur after winning sp feudprime minister narendramodi continues to dominate and shape the campaign for bharatiya janta party (bjp), which has not declared a chief ministerial candidate yet.
;;0.4215;;the termination was formalised in a presidential proclamation on june 5, the day after prime minister narendramodi modis new ministers were allotted their respective portfolios.
;;0.7003;;he also praised prime minister narendramodi modis leadership and said as the chief minister, he had helped win around 120 seats, and now with him as the prime minister, the party can look to bag at least 150 of the 182 assembly seats in the state.
;;0.6124;;it was this gap that saw manpreet and chief minister captain amarinder singh call on prime minister narendramodi and union finance minister arun jaitley and pen down requests for enhancing the borrowing limit by rs 10,000 crore to help them procure additional market loans for fulfilling partys farm loan waiver promise.
;;0.128;;on july 1, 2015, prime minister narendramodi launched the pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana (pmksy)or the prime ministers farmers irrigation programmewith a budget of rs. 50,000 crores over five years (2015-16 to 2019).
;;0.0;;the national aviators guild (nag), which represents pilots of the grounded carrier jet airways, saturday requested prime minister narendramodi to direct the airlines lender state bank of india to release one months salary of all the employees.
;;-0.0516;;punjab chief minister amarinder singh is likely to meet prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley in new delhi and urge them to increase the states borrowing limit to enable it to implement the farm debt waiver scheme, officials said on sunday.
;;-0.2023;;the government is making all efforts to fulfil the cultural aspirations of tamil nadu, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday, amid rising hopes of a quick lifting of the jallikattu ban that has sparked a massive movement in the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will unveil a 112-ft tall face of lord shiva or adiyogi at isha foundation in coimbatore on mahashivaratri, which is on february 24.
;;0.0;;up voted in all seven phases of the month-and-a-half long elections, with prime minister narendramodi modis seat, varanasi, voting in the last phase today.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressed the nation in his monthly radio programme mann ki baat today at 11 am.
;;0.0;;but this time is different, one expert told ht, because the visit is continuing a trend that the narendramodi government began from the first day of his inauguration as prime minister.
;;0.4588;;when the reports of shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray being invited by prime minister narendramodi to dinner surfaced last week, raut had said that bjp leaders will have to come to thackerays residence if they want their support in the presidential election.
;;0.7697;;actor-turned-politician jaya prada, who is the bjp candidate from the rampur lok sabha constituency, on wednesday alleged that powerful people had threatened her before but she was not helpless anymore as she had the support of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath now.
;;0.1027;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 15:41 istchief of army staff, general bipin rawat could be the first chief of defence staff (cds)  the formation of which was announced by the prime minister narendramodi from the ramparts of the red fort in his address to the nation on 73rd independence day.
;;0.128;;* the programme was launched, months ahead of the assembly polls in goa and punjab, as a counter prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat programme.
;;0.5859;;the narendramodi government signed an agreement with france in 2016 for the purchase of rafale fighter jets.
;;0.0;;after the demonetisation drive started in november 2016, prime minister narendramodi has been pushing indians to opt for digital transactions and move towards a less cash economy.
;;0.0;;as the last phase of lok sabha elections 2019 is scheduled to take place on may 19, prime minister narendramodi will saturday address poll rallies in uttar pradeshs robertsganj and ghazipur.
;;0.128;;it was on january 22, 2015, that prime minister narendramodi launched beti bachao, beti padhao (b3p) drive from panipat exhorting the state to wake up.
;;0.9231;;congress vice president rahul gandhi accused prime minister narendramodi on monday of masquerading as a pro-poor messiah but devoting extra time for at least 50 rich and influential industrialists.
;;0.3612;;it is of immense significance for the party in haryana as our candidates primarily fought in the name of prime minister narendramodi and his leadership.
;;0.25;;uttar pradesh will be prime minister narendramodi modis dream state, said the bjp leader, who is also an mp from gorakhpur.
;;0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping are expected to meet this week on the sidelines of sco summit in astana, amid growing differences between the two countries over a host of issues, including the china-pakistan economic corridor and nsg.
;;0.0;;two such screens had been placed  one each at gaurikund and kedarnath  during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the kedarnath shrine on may 3.
;;0.2023;;a group of secretaries constituted by prime minister narendramodi to review government programmes and give budget ideas for 2017-18 on the health, sanitation and urban development sector has recommended conditional cash transfer instead of take home ration to the pm.
;;0.0;;bahujan samaj party (bsp) chief mayawati said on tuesday the rss had dumped prime minister narendramodi in the ongoing lok sabha elections as it had realized that the bjp was a sinking ship.
;;-0.5267;;the remark by prime minister narendramodi on population explosion set off a royal kerfuffle, with the usual arguments about sinister plots to target minorities on the one hand, and the need to limit numbers on the other.
;;0.4767;;while saudi arabia and argentina have raised more money in recent years from international bond sales as emerging markets return in popularity, prime minister narendramodi modis government will be working to a tight timeline.
;;0.0;;along with dozens of villagers, pawar attended prime minister narendramodi modis rally at osmanabad last week.
;;0.2732;;addressing the delhi bjps sab ka sath sab ka vikas programme here, he said under prime minister narendramodi modis leadership, the countrys development in all sectors is on the fast lane and the government is sincerely committed to uplift the poor.
;;-0.2944;;gandhi also took a sharp dig at his party colleagues for the electoral drubbing the congress received, saying he had stood completely alone in the fight against prime minister narendramodi and the rashtriya swayamsewak sangh (rss).
;;0.6124;;underlining that the development story of the country is incomplete without uttar pradesh, adani said the state is being viewed as the fastest changing and it will play an important role in reaching the target set up by prime minister narendramodi of usd 5 trillion economy by 2024.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 09, 2019 07:25 istprime minister narendramodi on sunday lauded a 16-year-old boy priyavrata for becoming the youngest person to pass the mahapariksha examination.
;;0.25;;co/jigfw7jwwi  narendramodi (@narendramodi) september 8, 2019the prime ministers reply was in response to a tweet posted by a person, chamu krishna shastry, stating, history was created yesterday by 16-year-old priyavrata son of smt aparna and sri devadatta patil while studying veda and nyaya from his father, he studied all vyakarana maha granthas from sri mohana sharma and passed 14 levels of tenali pariksha, youngest to pass the mahapariksha.
;;-0.0772;;nationalist congress party chief sharad pawars meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on wednesday has sparked speculation in political circles in maharashtra, coming as it does at a time when the bjps ally, the shiv sena, is attacking it at every turn.
;;-0.3612;;in october, when elections were hardly in the mind of the public, prime minister narendramodi made a passionate appeal from a public platform in poll-bound up to stop injustice towards muslim women.
;;-0.3182;;( ht photo )shatrughan sinha, an outspoken critic of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, had opted to leave the bjp after he was dropped as the partys candidate from patna sahib.
;;0.0;;demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1000 bills was announced by prime minister narendramodi on november 8 last year.
;;0.25;;johnson first heard of englands win, which for much of the match had seemed impossible, when prime minister narendramodi broke the news during a meeting on sunday.
;;0.0;;state home minister satyendra jain trained his guns at the then l-g, asking derisively whether he also sought details of prime minister narendramodi modis foreign tours.
;;0.0772;;recently, cji gogoi wrote a series of letters to prime minister narendramodi , expressing concern at the rising number of vacancies and pendency of cases in the high courts.
;;0.2263;;at least three union ministers ht spoke to said mukherjees relationship with prime minister narendramodi remained warm.
;;-0.628;;9) opinion: narendramodi must begin talks in kashmir before it is too latethings in the valley have not been this bad in two decades.
;;-0.8687;;prime minister narendramodi reached odishas capital bhubaneswar on monday to visit districts hit by cyclone fani and take stock of the situation, days after more than 35 people died and large parts of the coastal areas were badly affected by the extremely severe storm.
;;0.3182;;digital indiaas prime minister narendramodi persuades india to opt for a cashless and less-cash economy, people are looking for incentives for digital modes of payment.
;;0.4588;;fadnavis diligently follows prime minister narendramodi modis smart cities mission; they want business districts, if not the whole city, to be tech-driven.
;;-0.9493;;jignesh mevani asks modi to speak up on violence against dalitsjignesh mevani, gujarat mla and dalit leader, has criticised prime minister narendramodi for his alleged silence on caste violence and accused his government of harassing him.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit odisha on monday to review the situation.
;;0.2732;;navsari member of parliament, cr patil, listed a rs 700-crore memorial made by the bjp in gandhinagar as well as the new national salt satyagraha memorial (inaugurated by the prime minister narendramodi at dandi village this january) as examples of how the bjp has preserved gandhis legacy, besides enforcing a 50  reservation of women in all panchayats in gujarat.
;;-0.1361;;the public accounts committee (pac) of parliament can call prime minister narendramodi on the issue of demonetisation if it is not satisfied with the answers given by top finance ministry officials and the rbi governor urjit patel.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi inaugurated on friday indias longest span, the 9.
;;0.4215;;most exit polls sunday forecast another term for prime minister narendramodi , with some of them projecting that bjp-led nda will get more than 300 seats to comfortably cross the majority mark of 272 in the lok sabha.
;;0.0;;batting for simultaneous elections to the state assemblies and parliament, prime minister narendramodi had in 2016 indicated that frequent implementation of the model code of conduct stalls government work.
;;0.5106;;the development comes after prime minister narendramodi called for making cities free of plastic.
;;0.7184;;the bangladesh prime minister is banking on narendramodi to push through the teesta water sharing agreement.
;;0.6846;;(ht photo)her stand may not please the narendramodi government that assured bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina of a solution to the water sharing question soon.
;;0.7579;;read: teesta water deal: one issue where mamata loses nothing by sitting tightat a joint press conference narendramodi said the agreement was crucial for bilateral ties and expressed hope that the bengal chief minister will eventually support it.
;;-0.7506;;gupta were attacked by a group of a dozen unidentified assailants as the junior engineer and contractors bhupendra singh and kamlesh kumar singh refused to stop work of repairing gapping in water supply line in ravindrapuri area where prime minister narendramodi modis public relations office is also located.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday claimed that the west bengal police, in connivance with the state government, was trying to wipe out evidence of the desecration of ishwar chandra vidyasagars statue.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will be in chhattisgarh on thursday and madhya pradesh later this month to inaugurate development projects and address a public meeting in the states which are due for assembly elections at year-end.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will dedicate sails modernised and expanded bhilai steel plant, bhilai chhattisgarh to the nation on 14 june, a sail official said.
;;-0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi has taken serious note of the recurring water crisis in uttarakhand and has directed the state government to initiate measures for conservation and storage of rainwater so that it can be used during the summer months.
;;-0.4939;;pm speaks to khandu on arunachal pradesh flood situationprime minister narendramodi spoke to arunachal pradesh chief minister pema khandu on wednesday to take stock of the damage caused by floods and landslides in the state.
;;-0.0516;;in a significant development, ncp chief sharad pawar called on prime minister narendramodi in new delhi apparently to seek his attention to the farmers agitation in maharashtra.
;;0.6808;;the bjp, in its lok kalyan sankalp patra (manifesto), had promised to waive the loans of small and marginal farmers and prime minister narendramodi , too, said in his election speeches that loan relief would be among the foremost tasks of the state government.
;;0.891;;at the bjps parliamentary party meeting on tuesday, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar pointed out to mps that senior congress leader mv rajasekharan had written a letter to prime minister narendramodi , praising his leadership and it was an endorsement of his popularity.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi will today address rallies in karnataka, ahead of polling for 14 constituencies on april 18, when the southern part of the state will vote in the lok sabha elections.
;;-0.4215;;follow live updates here3:20 pm ist kumaraswamy voices concern over vulnerability of evms with most exit polls forecasting another term for prime minister narendramodi and the bjp almost sweeping karnataka in the lok sabha polls, chief minister h d kumaraswamy monday expressed concerns over the vulnerability of the electronic voting machines (evms).
;;0.4215;;most exit polls sunday forecast another term for prime minister narendramodi , with some of them projecting that bjp-led nda will get more than 300 seats to comfortably cross the majority mark of 272 in the lok sabha.
;;0.4019;;2:30 pm ist most of exit poll agencies are pro-bjp channels: cpi the communist party of india monday sought to discredit the agencies which predicted a second term for the narendramodi government in their exit polls, and claimed the nda would fall short of the majority mark.
;;0.0;;the senior bjp leader was speaking at the launch of a poster of pm narendramodi , a biopic on prime minister narendramodi , being released this friday.
;;-0.2846;;countering ram ujagir, ram babu verma of amwa village said prime minister narendramodi had, in his address at maya bazar on may 1, had said both the samajwadi party (sp) and the bahujan samaj party (bsp) used the name of ambedkar and ram manohar lohia but did little for the empowerment of the weaker section and development of backward districts.
;;-0.2023;;as a damage control measure, pandey shared the dais with prime minister narendramodi during his may 1 rally.
;;0.8442;;prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and many senior bjp leaders were quick to welcome the court ruling, terming it as a victory for gender justice and dignity.
;;0.4404;;last week, as prime minister narendramodi concluded his bilateral visit to france, both he and his host president emmanuel macron could look back at the achievements of the last 21 years with satisfaction.
;;-0.7964;;a delhi university student allegedly made a hoax bomb-alert call to disrupt a rally by prime minister narendramodi as he was angry over the demonetisation exercise and wants the bjp to lose the uttar pradesh assembly elections, police have said.
;;-0.5106;;deepak was angry with the functioning of the narendramodi government.
;;0.5187;;the congress criticised on saturday the narendramodi government for being lax on national security, but the party found itself mired in a controversy after releasing a booklet that referred to kashmir as indian-occupied kashmir.
;;0.0;;he claimed a map which was released the same year in september during the signing of a treaty with china in the presence of prime minister narendramodi had shown arunachal pradesh as part of china.
;;0.0;;with the goodwill initiative of sab ka sath, sabka vikas under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , our government has been trying for all round development of north east, rijiju said.
;;0.3167;;yet, he feels prime minister narendramodi deserves one more chance for the sake of the country.
;;-0.3612;;chief minister captain amarinder singh on sunday urged prime minister narendramodi to constitute a committee, including chief ministers, to prepare a blueprint of a national debt waiver scheme for farmers.
;;0.3612;;new delhi announced a series of pacts with the uae ranging from defence, trade, maritime cooperation to energy after a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and abu dhabis crown prince sheikh mohamed bin zayed al-nahyan.
;;0.4404;;kher, a kashmiri pandit, has been seen supporting prime minister narendramodi and bjp government on several occasions.
;;0.4404;;recalling prime minister narendramodi modis promise to fix msp of farm produce with additional 50  incentive to farmers on their input cost, kumar said a substantial hike in prices of agriculture produce could dole out reasonable respite to the enraged farmers.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will lay down the modi doctrine on indian foreign policy as he inaugurates the second raisina hill dialogues on january 17 with uk foreign minister boris johnson, nepalese foreign minister prakash sharan mahat, and a host of politicians and military leaders brainstorming in the capital.
;;-0.8689;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah are terrorists who are trying to terrorise people in uttar pradesh, a samajwadi party minister has said, as campaigning in the state turned ugly halfway through the seven-phase assembly elections.
;;0.4767;;adityanaths comments come a day after prime minister narendramodi asked party workers to stand by muslim women who want to fight triple talaq, saying dignity was guaranteed to all under the constitution.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi on friday launched a scathing attack against the left democratic front and the united democratic front at a rally in kozhikode in kerala and said that both the ldf and udf had failed the people of kerala.
;;0.0;;sbsp chief omprakash rajbhar on tuesday declared candidates on 39 parliamentary seats, including on varanasi lok sabha seat where prime minister narendramodi is in fray as the bjp candidate.
;;0.5423;;addressing an aaj tak editors round-table on prime minister narendramodi modis completion of three years in office, shah said the bjp government was making every effort to bring peace to kashmir valley, which has been on the boil for the past many weeks.
;;0.7003;;the bjps outreach is driven by its assessment that a section of muslims, especially women and youth, has embraced prime minister narendramodi modis development agenda and happy with the partys stand against triple talaq.
;;-0.5267;;pointing out that 70 days have passed since prime minister narendramodi announced the scrapping of high-denomination currency notes on november 8, surjewala said, failure to restore the cash supply has paralysed indias economy, leading to massive loss of jobs and closure of businesses on a daily basis.
;;0.5563;;the importance of leadership and focussed direction  the two most important attributes of prime minister narendramodi  to the electorate were insufficiently grasped.
;;0.0;;the newspaper speculated that the meeting would pave the way for facilitating a meeting between prime minister nawaz sharif and his indian counterpart narendramodi next month on the margins of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit at astana.
;;0.0;;besides prime minister narendramodi , the spg guards seven other people -- former pm manmohan singh, his wife gursharan kaur, ex-pm atal bihari vajpayee, his foster-daughter namita bhattacharya, congress president sonia gandhi and her two children rahul and priyanka.
;;0.0;;urdu poet munawwar rana, 66, who was travelling from lucknow to new delhi for his knee replacement, took a dig at prime minister narendramodi modis suggestion to use the word divyang for people with disability after he was allotted upper berth in the train.
;;0.836;;china has welcomed as positive prime minister narendramodi modis remarks at a singapore forum that india-china cooperation is good for the worlds future.
;;0.7506;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted on thursday saying india wins yet again after his bharatiya janata party was leading ahead in 345 seats as votes were being counted for the lok sabha elections.
;;0.7351;;#vijayibharat  chowkidar narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 23, 2019many more rounds of counting will happen, but as leads mirrored projections by many exit polls that predicted a second term for prime minister narendramodi with a big win, the sensex soared to the 40,000-mark for the first time ever.
;;0.4404;;she congratulated prime minister narendramodi and thanked the people on the bjps big victory in the lok sabha polls.
;;0.891;;click here for election results 2019 coveragehome minister rajnath singh termed the win historic and credited it to prime minister narendramodi modis astute leadership and party chief amit shahs dynamism.
;;0.0;;varanasi, the seat of prime minister narendramodi , will go to polls along with 12 other parliamentary seats on may 19, the last phase of the ongoing general elections.
;;0.0;;the sewa saptah is being observed to mark prime minister narendramodi modis birthday on september 17, said sharma while addressing the gathering.
;;-0.3818;;the battle of madhya pradesh rests on a complex interplay of prime minister narendramodi modis overarching popularity, the bharatiya janata partys local vulnerabilities, congress advantage of being in power for five months and its disadvantage of being seen as failing to deliver its promises.
;;0.3612;;they referred to prime minister narendramodi modis november 8, 2016 speech announcing the demonetisation policy, and a subsequent notification that promised that people would be able to deposit the old notes till march 31, 2017.
;;0.0;;to begin with, congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra, who is also in charge of eastern uttar pradesh, turned to the epic mahabharat to hit out at prime minister narendramodi and referred to him as duryodhan and at the same time, she referred to the congress president rahul gandhi as lord krishna.
;;0.128;;the ayushman bharat scheme was launched by prime minister narendramodi in september last year.
;;-0.3612;;indiaupdated: sep 23, 2019 22:53 istthe time for talk is over, prime minister narendramodi said monday at a un climate action summit that was marked by growing impatience and exasperation with climate skeptics such as us president donald trump who was in the audience and was the unmistakable target of some speakers.
;;0.8834;;this verdict should be interpreted as an approval of the policies of the central government, the continuing popularity of prime minister narendramodi and an intact support base of the bjp; even three years after coming to power at the centre.
;;0.8258;;these results also indicate the very strong ability of narendramodi to connect with voters at large, as was visible from the crowds which he managed to attract during his road shows in varanasi.
;;0.7346;;the massive victory of the bjp in up and uttarakhand reinforces the popularity of narendramodi as the prime minister and the bjps undisputed and most popular leader.
;;0.4404;;disagreement over the procedure followed for deciding mcc cases erupted in the poll body following lavasas objection to the process followed to give clean chits to prime minister narendramodi , bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah and congress president rahul gandhi.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi raised the campaign pitch at an election rally in fatehpur on sunday, taking an indirect dig at the samajwadi party for apparently creating a diwali-ramzan and kabristan-shamshaan divide.
;;0.3612;;here is why narendramodi might have opted to tap into the political faultlines along the two communities:read: up elections: akhilesh flashes facts to counter modis claims of discrimination1) a multi-phase election is like a test match where strategies often need a re-look after every innings.
;;0.6124;;prior to november 8, the day prime minister narendramodi announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 banknotes, around rs 13,000 crore was fed daily into the countrys 220,000 atms.read | 50 days of demonetisation: atm queues shorter but ripples to remain in januarythough cash situation is better, queues can still be seen outside several atm kiosks, primarily due to withdrawal restrictions  rs 4,500 per day and rs 24,000 a week.
;;-0.8481;;lekhi had asked the court to initiate criminal contempt action against gandhi for twisting the top courts april 10 judgment to claim that the court declared prime minister narendramodi guilty of corrupt practices in purchase of the rafale aircraft.
;;0.0;;during prime minister narendramodi modis visit in september 2014, both countries elevated ties to a strategic and global partnership.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will meet chinas president xi jinping for the first time in nearly eight months at the margins of the sco summit in astana this morning  and it could be their testiest encounter yet.
;;0.1531;;congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday said prime minister narendramodi was avoiding a debate on the rafale issue though he had been challenging him to engage with him almost every day in view of open corruption in the aircraft deal.
;;0.1531;;i have been challenging prime minister narendramodi for a debate on the issue almost every day.
;;0.0;;if there is an investigation into the rafale deal, two names will come up  narendramodi modiji and anil ambaniji.
;;0.5859;;dehradun: yoga has the potential to create a new era of togetherness and harmony, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday.
;;-0.2023;;police claimed that the letters talk about an alleged plot to purportedly assassinate prime minister narendramodi in a rajiv gandhi-type incident and targeting maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis for initiating operations against rebels.
;;0.7579;;indian students at the wuhan medical university hailed the meeting between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping, stating that the pms visit would help improve the ties between the two countries.
;;0.0;;cook met prime minister narendramodi last may to talk about its plans to enter the indian manufacturing and retail space.
;;0.3818;;kamals outfit is among many fringe groups that are gained prominence after the bjp-led government under prime minister narendramodi took over.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to speak on demonetisation for the first time in the house during the debate on the presidents speech.
;;0.4019;;the names were okayed at a meeting convened by party president amit shah in which prime minister narendramodi was also present, sources in delhi said.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi will next week hold a review meeting with the revenue department to take stock of the anti-black money drive post note ban and tax collected thereof, as also steps taken for the gst rollout.
;;-0.5106;;prior to that, last month, prime minister narendramodi set the foundation stone for a chhatrapati shivaji memorial in the arabian sea to soothe an irate maratha community after a wave of state-wide protests last year.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to address three public meetings in rajasthans hindaun, sikar and bikaner on friday.
;;0.4168;;twitter.com/fl5hbizuuj  ani (@ani) may 3, 20199:15 pm ist pm modis speeches in nanded, varanasi not poll code violations: ec the election commission said it had examined the speech delivered by prime minister narendramodi in maharashtras nanded on 6 april and in varanasi, uttar pradesh on 25 april.
;;-0.6124;;the film, titled pm narendramodi , was earlier set to release on april 11 but was banned by the election commission.
;;0.0;;azad had announced earlier this month that he will contest the general elections from varanasi, prime minister narendramodi modis constituency.
;;0.2732;;three years into his term, prime minister narendramodi remains popular and has no credible challenger.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi urged voters to cast their ballot in record numbers as polling in 59 parliamentary constituencies across eight states in the seventh and the final phase of the lok sabha election began on sunday.
;;0.0;;chowkidar narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 19, 2019the eight states and one union territory  bihar, chandigarh, himachal pradesh, jharkhand, madhya pradesh, punjab, uttar pradesh and west bengal  are polling in the seventh phase of the election on sunday.
;;-0.6486;;a political row broke out on sunday over prime minister narendramodi modis comments in a television interview over the timing of the balakot air strikes.
;;0.5106;;gardiner, known for his proximity to prime minister narendramodi since his chief ministership of gujarat, is comfortably placed with a 2015 win margin of 10,834, but faces ameet jogia, who has fast risen in tory ranks and is a local councillor.
;;-0.7269;;prime minister narendramodi on friday fired a riposte at the congresss claims that the upa government had carried out six surgical strikes during its tenure.
;;0.4588;;at his recent election rallies, prime minister narendramodi said india warned pakistan of serious consequences and asked islamabad to ensure the safety of varthaman.
;;0.4215;;we have full faith in the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh cm yogi adityanath.
;;0.5106;;as the demolition snowballed into a major controversy, aap sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention in ensuring the land is given back to the community to rebuild the place of worship.
;;0.3182;;after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8, the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy.
;;0.4019;;kumar said despite change of guard at the centre, by way of coming into office of the bjp-led narendramodi government, his government had remained unwavering in its support for the gst.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was then the gujarat cm.
;;0.7845;;chandigarh a delegation of the shiromani akali dal (sad), under the leadership of party president sukhbir singh badal, called on prime minister narendramodi at the latters new delhi residence on friday morning to express gratitude for the union governments unprecedented and decisive initiative in exempting langar items from the gst regime.
;;-0.6486;;she revealed that after garmin employee kuchibhotla was shot dead by a former us soldier in kansas, prime minister narendramodi asked her every day what mea (ministry of external affairs) is doing and what it plans to do in future.
;;-0.8052;;thus, i pay no great attention to his comments, added sitharamanwatch| hes an expert on subject of stealing: sitharaman hits back at rahuls chor jiberahul gandhi had tweeted that prime minister narendramodi and finance minister nirmala sitharaman are clueless about how to solve self created economic disaster and that the borrowing from the rbi wont help.
;;-0.4019;;niti aayog vice chairman arvind panagariya wrote in a letter to nripendra misra, principal secretary to prime minister narendramodi , that at the current level, the fares are inadequate for the provision of high quality services and maintenance.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday condoled the passing away of the young children.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday night reached madrid in spain, the second leg of his six-day, four-nation tour in europe.
;;0.0516;;#watch prime minister narendramodi reaches madrid in spain, on the second leg of his six-day, four-nation tour pic.
;;0.4019;;the bjp has lined up rallies to be addressed by prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah in rajasthan next week to boost its lok sabha election campaign.
;;0.1531;;responding to media persons questions the mp said in sagar on saturday he had adopted baroda village as per wishes of the prime minister narendramodi and he had ensured several works for development of the village.
;;0.296;;the mp was talking to media persons to share with them achievements of narendramodi government on its completion of four years.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday offered prayers at the lord venkateswara temple here.
;;-0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi took a jibe on wednesday at predecessor manmohan singh, saying he showered with a raincoat on when multiple scams were happening around him.
;;0.0;;the farmers had earlier conducting a flogging where a man dressed as prime minister narendramodi whipped them.
;;0.4927;;prime minister narendramodi and paytm founder vijay shekhar sharma were the only two indians to make it to an annual list of 100 most influential people in the world this year released by the time magazine on thursday.
;;-0.5423;;such is the indifference of the ruling bjp government in haryana that chief minister manohar lal khattar had failed to even take out time to meet prime minister narendramodi on the , he said.
;;-0.7674;;dmk working president mk stalin had led a protest in chennai on friday over the ban where he targeted prime minister narendramodi for allegedly not giving time for aiadmk mps to discuss the jallikattu issue.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi modis vision is that the best health care should be accessible to the poorest of the poor as a matter of a right.
;;0.765;;the scheme is now being implemented across 32 states and union territories, which is a demonstration of our commitment to the highest ideals of cooperative federalism, a proof of the historic mandate given to this government and the faith reposed in us by the people on may 23 when narendramodi embarked upon his second innings as prime minister.
;;0.2263;;the narendramodi government pulled out high-value currency note from the economy in november 2016 and rolled out the gst in 2017; inviting criticism from opposition parties that the two decisions allegedly crippled the economy, dealt a blow to businesses, lessened job opportunities and caused discomfort to people, particularly in the countrys rural areas where cash was predominantly the preferred mode of transaction.
;;-0.1531;;this meant that the two issues and the struggles that came with their introduction appear to have largely receded from public memory; instead, a large majority of voters appear to have seen the moves as examples of prime minister narendramodi modis decisive action against corruption and black money.
;;0.3182;;in its campaign, the bjp kept its focus on the promise that the work started by narendramodi needed another five-year term to achieve its goal.
;;-0.5719;;gehlot claimed she should step down from the post in view of the continuous humiliation by prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;-0.1027;;since november 8 midnight, when the prime minister narendramodi announced the currency ban, the i-t, enforcement directorate (ed) and the police have seized crores of unaccounted wealth.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had recently said the new uttar pradesh government would take a decision on a loan waiver scheme for farmers of the state.
;;-0.4588;;also read: election commissioner ashok lavasa opts out of meetings on ec code till dissent is recordedlavasa, who disagreed with the poll panels decision to give clean chits to prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah for alleged mcc violations, has decided to recuse himself from all such meetings till the commission includes minority decisions in the final orders.
;;0.6369;;congress mp adhir ranjan chowdhury, a feisty leader from west bengal, came in for a bit of praise from prime minister narendramodi who called him a fighter after the all-party meeting here on sunday ahead of the start of the 17th lok sabha.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi arrived in st petersburg on wednesday night for an annual summit with president vladimir putin during which the two sides will sign a host of agreements, with all eyes on a deal to build with russias help the last two units of indias largest nuclear power plant.
;;-0.8167;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said that terrorism is the biggest threat to humanity which not only kills innocents but also severely affects the economic development and social stability.
;;0.1531;;so, he, along with amarinder, tried to humour prime minister narendramodi and union finance minister arun jaitley for a farm debt waiver in the first week after being sworn in on march 16.
;;-0.6597;;congress leader ghulam nabi azad reminded the ruling coalition about prime minister narendramodi modis outbursts against gau rakshaks last august when he blamed them for flaming tension in society and called for action against them.
;;0.0;;it indicates the recent reconciliation over dinner diplomacy by prime minister narendramodi with sena chief uddhav thackeray was temporary, sources said.
;;0.128;;nearly a month after announcing that he would contest against prime minister narendramodi from varanasi, bhim army chief chandrashekhar azad wednesday rescinded his decision, saying his outfit will support the sp-bsp alliance and the dalit vote should remain intact to defeat the bjp.
;;0.0258;;shah, in turn, pinned the blame on trinamool congress student wing members while prime minister narendramodi promised to install a statue of the 19thcentury bengal renaissance icon on the college campus.
;;0.0;;addressing bread-and-butter issues such as electricity and roads has been among the big achievements of the national democratic alliance government, prime minister narendramodi said.
;;-0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 29, 2019 05:34 istcongress leader shashi tharoor on wednesday challenged his critics to point out a single statement of his praising prime minister narendramodi after the partys kerala unit issued him a show-cause notice following protests from state mps .
;;0.8481;;foreign flows surged after prime minister narendramodi modis ruling party won key state elections last month, bolstering hopes for additional economic reforms just as the government gears up to unveil a national goods and services tax later this year.
;;0.5574;;apple ceo tim cook recently told prime minister narendramodi , who was in the us on an official visit, that his company is positive about the production of iphone se model in bengaluru.
;;0.4168;;it was not a conspiracy, said bharti, the 58-year-old water resources minister in the narendramodi government.
;;-0.8807;;spoiling environment for future generations immoral and criminal, says pm modiit would be an immoral and criminal act to spoil the environment for future generations, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday, and underlined the need to protect nature, as the donald trump administration mulls to overturn the us position on the 2015 paris climate accord.
;;0.5106;;modis four-nation tour: pm arrives in spain, aims to improve economic and cultural relationsprime minister narendramodi on tuesday night reached madrid in spain, the second leg of his six-day, four-nation tour in europe.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , however, announced the decision on november 8 last year.
;;0.0;;there were 17,165 million pieces of rs 500 notes and 6,858 million pieces of rs 1,000 notes in circulation on november 8, 2016, the day prime minister narendramodi made the announcement of demonetising the two high denomination notes.
;;0.8316;;he went on to say that prime minister narendramodi had last year spoken harsh words for cow vigilantes but actions on the ground seem to suggest that bjp workers have been given a free hand.
;;0.4588;;indiaupdated: aug 29, 2019 12:50 istprime minister narendramodi launched fit india movement at the indira gandhi indoor stadium in new delhi on national sports day on thursday.
;;0.0;;the three gold schemes--sovereign gold bonds, gold monetisation scheme and indian gold coin--were unveiled by prime minister narendramodi in 2015 as part of the efforts to reduce imports of the yellow metal.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi condemned the attack in posts on his twitter profile.
;;0.7845;;the speculation grew thicker after prime minister narendramodi during an event in patna to celebrate the 350th birth anniversary of guru govind singh praised kumar for implementing prohibition in the state.
;;0.6742;;prime minister narendramodi modis vision of make in india and us president donald trumps emphasis on make in america are not contradictory, minister of state for petroleum and natural gas dharmendra pradhan has said.
;;-0.6597;;former tamil nadu chief minister o paneerselvam met prime minister narendramodi on friday to demand a cbi inquiry into the death of j jayalalithaa while his faction of the aiadmk urged the election commission to restrain the vk sasikala camp from using the partys office.
;;0.7351;;with exit polls forecasting ndas return to power, top leaders of the bjp-led alliance will meet on tuesday over dinner to be hosted by party president amit shah where prime minister narendramodi is expected to be present, party sources said on monday.
;;0.2732;;india is committed to working closely with the maldives to deepen the partnership between the two sides and to assist the indian ocean archipelagos socio-economic development, prime minister narendramodi told president ibrahim mohamed solih on monday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on monday vowed to spend more than $1.
;;0.128;;9 million ujjwala connections across 714 districts since prime minister narendramodi launched the scheme in may 2016.
;;0.0;;with its 200 million people, 19  muslim and 80  hindu, these differences are exacerbated in the seven-phase, 26-day electionvoting for which ends on march 8, 2017as prime minister narendramodi embellished his development mantras with sectarian rhetoric.
;;0.5859;;many sympathised with the brilliant scientist and prime minister narendramodi modis efforts to console him.
;;0.0;;he will call on prime minister narendramodi before meeting external affairs minister s jaishankar over a working lunch on wednesday.
;;0.8591;;the state department document tracked the growing ties, noting that both president donald trump and prime minister narendramodi are firmly committed to accelerating the upward trajectory of this partnership; that the two countries were moving quickly to achieve our shared vision for a free, open, and rules-based indo-pacific region.
;;0.34;;we have also welcomed prime minister narendramodi to malaysia in november 2015, when we elevated our two countries relationship to be an enhanced strategic partnership.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday upped the ante against the congress with stinging remarks on its poll promise of rolling out a minimum income guarantee scheme if voted to power in the lok sabha polls.
;;-0.8481;;tensions increased over the water dispute when indian prime minister narendramodi last month threatened to block the flow of water into pakistan.
;;-0.3818;;indiaupdated: sep 12, 2019 21:31 istprime minister narendramodi on thursday said his government has intensified its fight against corruption and started sending those who had looted people behind bars.
;;-0.3182;;a growing feud between two bjp karnataka veterans, bs yeddyurappa and ks eshwarappa, is threatening to spoil prime minister narendramodi modis hopes of conquering the state.
;;0.0;;in the last week of may, the ministry of electronics and information technology (meity) asked all ministries to host the banner which includes a photograph of prime minister narendramodi waving along with a tagline that reads saaf niyat, sahi vikas.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has been working on a new edition of his book exam warriors following the conclusion of the national elections last month, according to people aware of the development.
;;-0.4019;;shaista amber met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on august 9 and presented a memorandum related with problems of muslim women.
;;0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi has proved his strong leadership by taking decisions like the [2016] surgical strike [against militant launch pads across the line of control in pakistani-occupied kashmir].
;;0.3612;;the organization run by people like t n seshan has become a puppet in the hands of prime minister narendramodi , the chief minister alleged, addressing a press conference at amaravati.
;;0.25;;presenting the draft 15-year vision document at a meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi , niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariya said the centre and states discussed various reforms that are required in coming years including the implementation of goods and services tax from july.
;;0.3612;;bjp mp bhupendra yadav on thursday submitted a privilege notice against gandhi for his tweet in which he questioned jaitleys claim that prime minister narendramodi did not question his predecessor dr manmohan singhs commitment to the nation when he accused him of conspiring with pakistan to affect the outcome of the gujarat elections through a secret meeting at the house of congress leader mani shankar aiyar.
;;0.0258;;he said the sgpc has already taken up the issue with prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj to intervene in the matter and to take up it with the italian counterpart.
;;-0.7506;;in an interview at his bengaluru residence with hindustan times, he was critical of prime minister narendramodi and harsh on chief minister siddaramaiah, whom he accused of stabbing him in the back.
;;-0.5574;;india will not hold talks with pakistan until it gives up its state policy of supporting terrorism, the countrys ambassador to the us harsh vardhan shringla said, hours after prime minister narendramodi was reelected in a general election fought on strong nationalistic sentiments.
;;0.0;;shringla said it is part of prime minister narendramodi modis inclusive effort  sabka saath, sabka vikas  to be part of their development.
;;0.6486;;punjabupdated: aug 15, 2019 01:55 istchief minister captain amarinder singh on wednesday acceded to the demand of leaders of the ravidasia community and agreed to lead a delegation to prime minister narendramodi for taking up the matter of construction of the temple, which was demolished in delhi on the directions of the supreme court (sc).
;;0.0;;twitter.com/wiido5wjz9  ani (@ani_news) february 6, 2017prime minister narendramodi on twitter said he had spoken to officials and taken stock of the situation.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi also tweeted: spoke to officials & took stock of the situation in the wake of the earthquake felt in various parts of north india.
;;-0.3182;;more than two lakh paver tiles, worth rs15 lakh, used for construction of a helipad to land prime minister narendramodi modis chopper for his visit to gurgaon on november 1 last year have been stolen.
;;-0.2732;;read more: gurgaon turns fortress ahead of pm narendramodi modis visit todaythe matter came to light after tl satyaprakash, former mcg commissioner, visited the site in the second week of january and found the paver tiles missing.
;;0.802;;the bold step taken by prime minister narendramodi and amit shah has created a positive wave for the bjp in telangana, laxman said.
;;0.4019;;she also took on prime minister narendramodi and turned bharatiya janata party chief amit shahs metaphorical kasab, an acronym for the hindi pronunciation of congress-sp-bsp, on its head.
;;0.4019;;these fringe groups became active after the bjp-led government under prime minister narendramodi took over at the centre.
;;0.6494;;the editorial, which was highly critical of prime minister narendramodi , claimed that he has been playing a cagey game by appeasing his partys hardline hindu base while promoting secular goals of development and economic growth.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi summoned an allegory on sunday to describe the situation in trouble-torn jammu and kashmir, after inaugurating the chenani-nashri all-weather tunnel, the longest in the country.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (l), jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti (c) and union transport minister nitin gadkari at a public rally in udhampur, jammu on sunday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi inside the chenani-nashri tunnel, in jammu and kashmir on sunday.
;;-0.6731;;read: now, centre says it reiterated upa position on netaji death, issue not closedhe has sought an appointment with prime mister narendramodi , who is presently travelling abroad, to press for this demand.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi flagged concerns about the possible impact of the recent changes in australian visa regulations for skilled professionals during a telephonic conversation with his counterpart malcolm turnbull on tuesday.
;;-0.5994;;protesters were disappointed on thursday as prime minister narendramodi remained non-committal to tamil nadus forceful appeal for an ordinance to skirt a ban on jallikattu, saying the matter was in the supreme court.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi modis shock announcement had led to a rush in banks by people and business houses to exchange the old notes, besides sparking a crippling currency shortage.
;;-0.3182;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi and prime minister narendramodi also campaigned aggressively.
;;0.0;;the bjp went into a close huddle on friday evening to finalise the strategy for its campaign, which will be headlined by prime minister narendramodi and fadnavis.
;;0.0;;in the tweet, gandhi had questioned jaitleys claim that prime minister narendramodi did not question his predecessor dr manmohan singhs commitment to the nation when he accused him of conspiring with pakistan to affect the outcome of the gujarat elections.
;;0.2023;;oza also accused the narendramodi government, which is celebrating its third anniversary, of having failed to fulfil all its promises.
;;0.3818;;she trained guns at prime minister narendramodi on the promises he had made in the run up to the 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;-0.4215;;in his speech, thackeray once again criticised prime minister narendramodi over demonetisation.
;;-0.4023;;in other issues, on haryana cm manohar lal khattars concern over the ravi rivers water flowing to pakistan, jakhar said khattar must tell prime minister narendramodi that punjab is not financially strong to give 40  share to construct shahpur kandi dam to stop the flow to pakistan.
;;0.4019;;the foreign ministers dialogue on august 11-13 in beijing and the special representative talks are precursors to the october 11-12 informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping in india for which varanasi is being considered as the potential venue.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the sudden decision to scrap rs 1,000 and rs 500 currency notes in a televised address to the nation on 8 november 2016, leading to a severe shortage of cash in the economy.
;;0.6369;;for us, prime minister narendramodi has been the best mentor and shepherd, who has guided us from time to time towards our economic objectives.
;;-0.5574;;punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh on monday criticised prime minister narendramodi for his corrupt number 1 remark on former premier rajiv gandhi and said that the pm has hit a new low of pettiness.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi said that as far he knows, the previous united progressive alliance (upa) government did not launch any surgical strikes as claimed by the former prime minister manmohan singh in an interview with hindustan times last week.
;;0.7184;;singh, a bjp lok sabha member from nawada constituency in bihar, is known as a staunch supporter of prime minister narendramodi and a champion of hinduvta politics.
;;0.7096;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , chief minister naveen patnaik wrote, i would request you to kindly consider sanctioning five lakh pmay special houses initially for the state of odisha.
;;0.6369;;however, the think group credited prime minister narendramodi with reinvigorating indias foreign policy.
;;0.6369;;the thinktank, however, credited prime minister narendramodi with reinvigorating indias foreign policy.
;;0.0;;sivan then went up to prime minister narendramodi , who was seated in the gallery and communicated to him about what had happened.
;;0.5256;;prime minister narendramodi pitched for more humour in public discourse to bridge the gap between societies and people.
;;0.3612;;at his rally in imphal last month, prime minister narendramodi promised to end the blockade if bjp came to power in the state.
;;-0.5499;;former finance minister yashwant sinha on sunday said prime minister narendramodi is not the issue, but the problems faced by the people of the country are.
;;0.0;;its narendramodi government.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi arrived in dehradun on saturday to inaugurate the combined commanders conference, an official said.
;;0.7096;;she said it is not only the state governments dream of better and cheap healthcare services, even the prime minister narendramodi has the same dream.
;;0.0;;without naming akash, prime minister narendramodi raised the issue at a meeting of bjp mps on tuesday.
;;0.6428;;1 imposed new e-commerce fdi rules to help hundreds of thousands of small traders, but small businesses and a right-wing group close to prime minister narendramodi modis ruling party say there are still issues.
;;0.6124;;party leaders joined an opposition parties march to protest against demonetisation and also led a delegation to the finance minister as well as prime minister narendramodi to press their demand.
;;-0.7052;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 19:31 istk sivan, the chief of indian space research organisation (isro), was downcast after the space agency lost contact with chandrayaan 2 lander vikram just when its descent to moon was initiated and despite words of motivation by prime minister narendramodi he could not fight back his tears.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi hugged and consoled a teary eyed sivan outside the mission operations complex after his address to the scientists and the nation.
;;-0.128;;condemning the demonetisation drive, the opposition parties said prime minister narendramodi and his government have destroyed the credibility of the autonomous body that controls the countrys monetary policy.
;;0.3612;;the stage is set for prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinpings first ever informal summit as they ready for at least half a dozen round of talks in the central chinese city of wuhan beginning friday afternoon.
;;0.0;;read| crpf jawan claims service conditions disparity in video, asks pm modi to intervenethe constable who addressed his recorded message to prime minister narendramodi said he is a policeman of the 2011 batch.
;;-0.6486;;he blamed the bond between prime minister narendramodi and sharif and the pressure by modi on the new donald trump administration for the latest move in which saeeds home in lahore has been converted into a sub-jail.
;;0.0258;;the election commission had written a letter to the president stating that the governor violated the model code of conduct by praising prime minister narendramodi at a meeting with some bjp workers.
;;-0.128;;on monday, the election commission had concluded that singhs remarks in favour of narendramodi modis return as the prime minister had violated the model code of conduct.
;;0.4404;;the supreme court on thursday dismissed former border security force (bsf) jawan tej bahadur yadavs petition questioning the election commission (ec) decision to reject his nomination papers from varanasi, from where prime minister narendramodi is a contestant.
;;0.4215;;earlier this week, prime minister narendramodi told german chancellor angela merkel that india will stay in the accord, irrespective of what the united states does.
;;0.2225;;perhaps prime minister narendramodi has shown the way forward, when he spoke in his independence day speech about the problem being solved not by abuse or bullets, but by embracing all kashmiris.
;;-0.3818;;sources say prime minister narendramodi , who was present at the meeting convened by bjp national president amit shah on wednesday evening, insisted on bringing in new faces in place of the big faces, to fight out anti-incumbency of ten years of the sad-bjp government in punjab.
;;0.0;;on the other dishes, she adds, the bjp is campaigning with prime minister narendramodi as mascot, as theres continuation of modi magic; hence the name.
;;0.6249;;the upcoming budget is seen by many as the last opportunity for prime minister narendramodi to deliver on his promise of achhe din.
;;0.0;;jaitley, a lawyer by profession, had been a key member of prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet in the nda governments first term.
;;0.7783;;mahatma gandhis charkha was an instrument of empowerment but has now become a fashion accessory to gain credibility, his great grandson tushar gandhi on friday said amid the outrage over prime minister narendramodi modis photo in the calendar and the diary of kvic.
;;0.0;;i wrote several letters to narendramodi but did not receive a single reply,hazare said.
;;0.4215;;the next episode was when united states president donald trump, in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , said that kashmir is a bilateral issue between india and pakistan.
;;0.128;;this was the second time the survey was conducted since prime minister narendramodi launched his pet cleanliness project.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi said that pitrodas comment showed congresss arrogance and character.
;;-0.7506;;a penurious family in bihars sasaram town in rohtas district, pleading for euthanasia, has written a letter to prime minister narendramodi as the government has failed to arrange for the treatment of its three sons suffering from rare congenital muscular disease that has left them paralysed at juvenescent ages.
;;0.1779;;jammu and kashmir governor nn vohra has dismissed reports that he was summoned by prime minister narendramodi to delhi amid a growing clamour for governors rule in the state.
;;0.0;;jo desh ka mood hai, wahi delhi ka mood hai (the countrys mood will get resonated in delhi), thundered prime minister narendramodi at ramlila maidan in january 2015, launching bjps campaign for delhi assembly elections.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah, congress president rahul gandhi, cingress general secretary prinyanka gandhi vadra and union ministers rajnath singh and nitin gadkari were among those who campaigned in the state.
;;0.296;;the akali-bjp alliance tried to highlight that justice was done to the riot survivors during narendramodi government.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi met russian president vladimir putin in st petersburg on thursday and the two countries concluded a much-awaited agreement to build the last two units of the kudankulam nuclear power plant in tamil nadu.
;;-0.5106;;after an earlier failed attempt to sell the airline off last year, prime minister narendramodi modis government is expected to try again in october.
;;0.0;;focus on cow protection, especially by vigilante groups, has risen since the bjp-led government under prime minister narendramodi took power at the centre three years ago.
;;0.128;;the simmering war of words between bahujan samaj party (bsp) chief mayawati and leaders of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) boiled over on monday with the former uttar pradesh chief minister bringing up prime minister narendramodi modis wife and his caste in comments that triggered a backlash from several senior bjp leaders, who called her unfit for public life.
;;-0.8126;;rajasthan chief minister ashok gehlot on monday accused prime minister narendramodi of ignoring facts and deliberately targeting him over the alwar crime.
;;-0.3612;;madhya pradesh governor lalji tandon, union ministers narendramodi singh tomar, thaverchand gehlot, nityanand rai, former chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, and state bjp president rakesh singh were among those who attended his funeral.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi paid tribute to gaur saying he served people for decades.
;;0.5859;;he had launched several development projects in the constituency, prime minister narendramodi had appreciated his endeavour for development in the backward area of the state, the bjp leader said.
;;-0.5106;;alleging that bengal chief minister mamata banerjee created obstacles impeding the speedy development that he delivered in other states, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday described her as speed breaker didi and urged the people to remove the hindrance from the way.
;;0.5994;;bolstering the pace of resolutions is crucial for prime minister narendramodi modis efforts to spur fresh credit and jump-start the $2.
;;-0.4215;;the aite, released by the prime minister narendramodi on july 29 (international tiger day), said jharkhand had five tigers but no tigers had been recorded at the ptr during the estimation period.
;;0.6486;;even if one of them supports the nda, the candidate put up by prime minister narendramodi will sail through comfortably.
;;0.0;;i appeal to prime minister narendramodi to permit the sena to go to kashmir and teach the separatist forces there a lesson, he said.
;;-0.25;;national security adviser ajit doval spoke to nepal prime minister pushpa kamal dahal prachanda and said prime minister narendramodi had expressed sorrow over the incident.
;;-0.0844;;march 16: akhilesh and shivpal are seen together after a gap of over 100 days at the meeting of the newly elected party legislators in lucknowmarch 25: mulayam and shivpal skip partys executive meet in lucknowmarch 27: party veteran and former minister ram govind choudhary is appointed as the partys leader in the assemblymarch 28: akhilesh is unanimously elected as leader of the sp legislature party in both the houses of the uttar pradesh legislatureapril 2: mulayam says prime minister narendramodi was right about akhilesh that his insults led to sps loss in electionsapril 4: shivpal meets chief minister yogi adityanath fuelling speculation of joining the bjp which he later deniesapril 24: shivpal reiterates his demand that akhilesh should take moral responsibility for the sps defeat in assembly elections and step down as party presidentapril 30: ramgopal says shivpal does not have any knowledge of partys constitution and advises him to work for the party and not talk nonsensemay 3: shivpal threatens to form a new secular front if akhilesh does not hand over sps reins to mulayam.
;;-0.7096;;britain has refused to respond to external affairs minister sushma swarajs remarks that prime minister narendramodi had expressed irritation at british courts questioning the condition of indian jails in extradition hearings, during his visit to london in april.
;;0.7096;;later speaking to newspersons, she praised prime minister narendramodi and extended support to sonu nigam, who is embroiled in a controversy over his tweet on loudspeaker use for azaan.
;;0.0;;on march 8, prime minister narendramodi laid the foundation stone of indias first regional rail in ghaziabad.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi will address the nation from the isro control centre in bengaluru at 8am after vikram lander loses contact in the final minutes.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/rhsly1tmc4  ani (@ani) september 6, 20194:41 am ist pm modi interacted with students from across country bengaluru: prime minister narendramodi interacted, earlier tonight, with the students from across the country, who were selected through isros space quiz competition to watch the landing of vikramlander along with pm.
;;0.0;;#watch bengaluru: prime minister narendramodi interacted, earlier tonight, with the students from across the country, who were selected through isro's 'space quiz' competition to watch the landing of #vikramlander along with pm.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/oacnhpbjkx  ani (@ani) september 6, 20194:03 am ist pm modi to address nation at 8:00 am from isro control centre prime minister narendramodi will address the nation from isro control centre today at 8:00 am.
;;0.0;;mission director ritu karidhal srivastava, who did her msc in physics from the university of lucknow, and young rashi verma, the daughter of a farmer who has been chosen to watch the landing along with prime minister narendramodi at isros bengaluru headquarters.
;;0.6249;;it will be great to receive prime minister narendramodi and ghazal maestro ghulam ali together at the sankatmochan sangeet samaroh on the premises of the sankatmochan temple.
;;0.0;;addressing the states maiden gis at ranchis khelgaon he said, we will hold our next global summit in 2019-20, and an nri summit on november 28, 29 and 30 in 2018,industry experts see this announcement as an effort by jharkhand to tread the path of gujarat, which too took similar initiatives to kick off an industrial boom during the term of prime minister narendramodi as the chief minister of the western state.
;;-0.5994;;if his cabinet and party colleagues were actually falling out of line, one public rebuke from prime minister narendramodi and  in the unlikely event of their persisting with hate rhetoric  dismissal from senior office, could easily put an end to all hate utterances and campaigns.
;;0.4019;;9:28pm: pm narendramodi congratulates indians on passage of gst bill, says new year, new law, new india8:54 pm: lok sabha approves gst compensation bill and ut-gst bill.
;;0.5719;;we will have to honour this federal institution: jaitley12:35 pm: prime minister narendramodi is present in lok sabha.
;;0.25;;the opposition bjp disrupted the bihar assemblys proceedings for the third consecutive day on friday, demanding dismissal of congress minister abdul jalil mastan over a video clip, which showed him asking his supporters to beat prime minister narendramodi modis photograph with shoes.
;;0.2732;;in a subsequent interview, prime minister narendramodi said he could never find it in his heart to forgive her.
;;0.7717;;a joint statement issued a day after elaborate talks between prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin here described the close bilateral cooperation in military and military-technical fields as pillar of the special and privileged strategic partnership and said the two sides agreed on collaborative development and production of military equipment and regular joint exercises of the armed forces of the two countries.
;;0.2732;;indiaupdated: aug 11, 2019 10:02 istindia has a plan to achieve prime minister narendramodi modis goal of reducing the countrys dependence on energy imports, and it starts in the kitchen.
;;0.4215;;india is not leavingprime minister narendramodi told german chancellor angela merkel earlier this week india will stay in the accord, irrespective of what the united states does.
;;0.0;;bjp sources said he may lead an all-party delegation to meet prime minister narendramodi to request a loan waiver for farmers in maharashtra.
;;-0.128;;they asked for a delegation of sena legislators, members of parliament and ministers to meet prime minister narendramodi to discuss the partys demand.
;;0.128;;isa was launched on november 30, 2015, as a coalition of solar resource rich countries jointly by prime minister narendramodi and then french president francois hollande in the presence of the then un secretary general ban ki-moon.
;;-0.0772;;cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said this move has exposed prime minister narendramodi modis claim to bring transparency in political funding.
;;0.4404;;all bjp-ruled states have been told a pass a resolution felicitating prime minister narendramodi , home minister amit shah, and the union government for effectively revoking article 370.
;;0.7096;;the firm determination, firmness and courage of narendramodi and amit shah has led to this historic and seemingly impossible task, he added.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi delivered an address to the nation on thursday to explain the reasons behind the governments move.
;;-0.1027;;its co-convenor ashwani mahajan wrote to prime minister narendramodi last december, saying that with 74  of goods offered at zero duty, the policy will increase indias trade deficit and threaten its manufacturing growth potential.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was to launch the repair work, estimated to cost rs 1,742 crore (approx.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi unveiled a 112-feet-tall lord shiva statue in tamil nadus coimbatore on the occasion of hindu festival mahashivratri on friday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will be the chief guest at the event to be organised on the closing day.
;;0.0;;for instance, in his rallies prime minister narendramodi talked of kesariya holi and vijay ki holi.
;;0.6124;;manpreet asked the ruling shiromani akali dal to withdraw party representative food processing minister harsimrat kaur badal from the nda government in order to lodge strong protest against prime minister narendramodi for yet another discrimination against punjab.
;;0.34;;the president was welcomed by prime minister narendramodi and the chiefs of the three wings of armed forces.
;;-0.7783;;union home minister rajnath singh  who briefed prime minister narendramodi on friday evening about the developments in kashmir, where thousands were mourning bukharis death  told reporters he would not comment on the ceasefire decision before sunday.
;;-0.7845;;during the talks between prime minister narendramodi and french minister for foreign affairs jean-marc ayrault in bengaluru, both leaders had considerable discussions on international terrorism of which the two countries are victims.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has just completed a tour of indonesia, malaysia and singapore.
;;0.25;;addressing a poll rally in meerut early this month, prime minister narendramodi took on rival parties, accusing them of corruption.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 25, 2019 12:29 istprime minister narendramodi on sunday pitched for launching a new mass movement against single-use plastic from october 2, the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
;;-0.5267;;congress general secretary for east up priyanka gandhi vadra on tuesday targeted prime minister narendramodi for his arrogance.
;;0.0;;before they handed over their letter to rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu, the four mps - ys chowdary alias sujana chowdary, tg venkatesh, cm ramesh and garikapati mohan rao  also had a brief meeting with prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah in parliament.
;;-0.4019;;simultaneously, with the jadhav card, the pakistan army scuttled prime minister narendramodi modis december 25, 2015 peace initiative by orchestrating the jaish-e-mohammed terrorist strike at pathankot airbase on january 2, 2016, and followed it by pushing in as many infiltrators as possible into the kashmir valley.
;;-0.7096;;three years after he assumed office, prime minister narendramodi today faces a daunting challenge to national security from pakistan through terrorism and internal subversion, and from china, which is choking new delhi through encirclement diplomacy or obor in south asia.
;;0.0;;the meeting comes days after rajnath singh reviewed the status of 2015 developmental package announced for jammu and kashmir by prime minister narendramodi and directed its expeditious implementation.
;;-0.7964;;soon after prime minister narendramodi modis historic announcement to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes to curb the menace of black money, graft and terror funding, analysts including at the finance ministry and reserve bank of india have lowered the gdp projection for 2016-17.
;;-0.4404;;continuing his national security pitch, prime minister narendramodi on thursday accused the congress and its allies of speaking the language that supports terrorism.
;;0.4588;;afroz shah, a city-based lawyer lauded by the prime minister narendramodi for cleanliness drive initiated by him at versova beach in mumbai, said although it is a welcome move; it seems to be a piecemeal legislation.
;;-0.9062;;prime minister narendramodi condemned on monday the killing of an e-rickshaw driver in delhi for stopping two men from urinating in public and directed the authorities to punish the culprits .
;;0.2008;;--- mulayammulayam also appeared to support a statement made by prime minister narendramodi during an election campaign rally, where the bjp leader had criticised akhilesh and asked how anyone could trust a person who wasnt faithful to his father.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi will arrive here on monday afternoon on a two-day visit to inaugurate the vibrant gujarat global summit (vggs) and chair a roundtable with 60 ceos of fortune 500 companies in gandhinagar on tuesday.
;;0.0;;the election commission has given a go ahead to the next episode of prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat programme to be aired on january 29 with a condition that nothing be said to influence voters in the five poll-bound states.
;;-0.765;;prime minister narendramodi yanked the two bank notes  rs 1,000 and rs 500  out of circulation to drain illegal cash from the economy and announced a 50-day window to deposit or exchange the banned currency.
;;-0.4019;;chief minister siddaramaiah on sunday said the people of karnataka would reject the messages of prime minister narendramodi , calling his election speeches hollow and baseless.
;;0.6249;;cows are considered holy by many hindus and have gained in importance since prime minister narendramodi stormed to power in 2014.
;;0.0;;at a recent election rally, prime minister narendramodi used him to take a dig at the sp-congress alliance, asking whether the tie-up was as pure as prajapati.
;;0.0;;the proposal comes less than a month after she undertook a three-day boat journey from prayagraj to prime minister narendramodi modis lok sabha constituency varanasi in march.
;;-0.8934;;modi steps inprime minister narendramodi on monday condemned ravinders killing and directed the authorities to punish the culprits.
;;0.8225;;indiaupdated: aug 06, 2019 17:01 istformer finance minister arun jaitley who had showered praise on prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah for piloting the governments huge kashmir move on tuesday turned to critique the response of the opposition parties.
;;0.6808;;the congress leadership is determined to succeed in its race to the bottom, the senior bjp leader wrote in a blog pm narendramodi and hm amit shah achieve the impossible.
;;0.0;;they have written to prime minister narendramodi , housing and urban affairs minister hardeep singh puri and dda vice-chairman tarun kapoor in this regard.
;;-0.4215;;his family recently warned of approaching prime minister narendramodi as the state government had failed to fulfil the promises made by it.
;;0.6542;;akhilesh is hot favouritedespite the family feud, chief minister akhilesh yadav remained a hot favourite with girls but they were also happy with prime minister narendramodi and gave a big thumbs up to demonetisation.
;;0.0;;the scholarships were announced by prime minister narendramodi at the 25th anniversary commemorative asean-india summit held in new delhi in january 2018.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday told bharatiya janata party mps to undertake a 150-km padyatra (foot march) in their constituencies to mark the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
;;0.0;;amidst the controversy over a portrait of pakistan founder mohammad ali jinnah at aligarh muslim university (amu), a photograph of the universitys founder sir syed ahmed khan has been replaced with prime minister narendramodi modis picture at the public works department guest house in khair town of aligarh.
;;0.0;;as pwd guest house is a state-owned property, there is nothing unusual in putting up the photograph of prime minister narendramodi but the allegations of the removal of amu founders portrait are being looked into, singh said.
;;0.1779;;noting that the nia, a central agency, besides telangana and madhya pradesh police coordinated with each other in the operation, he claimed that it was an example of team india spirit which prime minister narendramodi has often spoken about.
;;0.0;;lemoyne is the first french minister to visit new delhi after the formation of the new indian government and the trip will acknowledge the reinforcement of the indo-french relationship and will lay the groundwork for prime minister narendramodi modis visit to france for the g7 summit in biarritz in august, said a statement from the french embassy.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the defence corridor project for uttar pradesh at the investors summit in the state capital on february 21 last year.
;;0.484;;worldupdated: sep 20, 2019 21:30 istus congresswoman tulsi gabbard released a video message thursday welcoming prime minister narendramodi to the united states but said she wont be able to make it to the howdy, modi!
;;0.8402;;i would like to extend a warm welcome to prime minister narendramodi on his latest visit to the us, gabbard said, adding, and i am sorry that i will not be able to join there in person due to previously scheduled presidential campaign events.
;;-0.0972;;indiaupdated: sep 19, 2019 07:18 istfor around 500 villagers in anandpur in bihars katihar district near the bengal border, prime minister narendramodi is no less than god.
;;0.0;;the installation of modis statue was a thanksgiving gesture by the villagers, mostly migrant bengali hindus, for the overall development their village has undergone since 2014 after narendramodi took over as pm.
;;0.0;;following gandhis statement during the karnataka assembly poll campaign in bengaluru, prime minister narendramodi said the congress president is day-dreaming.
;;0.6808;;the demolition of the guru ravidas temple in a forest area in tughlakabad here led to a huge controversy, with the aap seeking prime minister narendramodi modis intervention in ensuring that the land be given back to the ravidas community to rebuild the place of worship.
;;0.7184;;rawat appealed to the people to pitch in to support the call given by prime minister narendramodi for a plastic free india.
;;0.2732;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 14:20 istthe indian space research organisation will stay the course to realise indias dream to reach the moon, prime minister narendramodi announced in mumbai soon after wrapping up his visit to the isro facility in bengaluru for the lunar mission chandrayaan-2.
;;-0.3182;;indias reaction to an amazon website selling doormats resembling the countrys flag involved an unprecedented public and private offensive against the us company by prime minister narendramodi modis government, a document shows.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah have been campaigning in the state ahead of may 12 elections.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee congratulated the space agency for the historic event that significantly boosts indias space programme.
;;0.7717;;this was the most complicated space mission, says isro10:04am: isro chairman as kiran kumar says prime minister narendramodi conveyed his congratulationsthis remarkable feat by @isro is yet another proud moment for our space scientific community and the nation.
;;0.8271;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday signed off his bihar leg of election campaign at paliganj, 60 kms from patna, exuding confidence that he would return as the prime minister for a second term and swore to unleash a stream of developmental projects to propel the nations growth, through progress of the countrys eastern region.
;;0.0;;he will be meeting prime minister narendramodi on monday.
;;-0.5574;;in the run-up to the 2014 general elections, prime minister narendramodi had raised the issue of cattle theft and illegal cow slaughter while addressing a rally in ghaziabad.
;;-0.25;;she highlighted that manmohan singh had predicted a fall in growth due to the note ban announced by prime minister narendramodi on november 8 last year.
;;0.5647;;prime minister narendramodi modis call on august 15 to eliminate the use of these polluting items by 2022 has been widely welcomed, but banning a huge chunk of the informal economy could come with its own costs.
;;-0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi is upset with bjp lawmakers skipping parliament sittings, sometimes causing embarrassment to the treasury benches.
;;-0.1027;;during a recent visit to bihar, prime minister narendramodi praised chief minister nitish kumar for his alcohol ban policy in bihar.
;;0.743;;top military commanders along with prime minister narendramodi , defence minister manohar parrikar and national security advisor (nsa) ajit doval met in dehradun on saturday and took stock of security challenges before the country.
;;0.2263;;the supreme court on wednesday disposed of the petition filed by congress member of parliament sushmita dev last month, where she had alleged inaction by the election commission on violations of the model code of conduct (mcc) by prime minster narendramodi and bharatiya janata party president amit shah.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi never asked us president donald trump to help mediate with pakistan their dispute over the kashmir region, external affairs minister s jaishankar said on tuesday, after trumps comments during a white house interaction with pakistan prime minister imran khan set off a storm of criticism.
;;0.7184;;the government has facilitated capital subsidies and cheap loans for clean energy to help meet prime minister narendramodi modis goal of raising renewable energy capacity by more than five times in the next five years to fight climate change.
;;0.5423;;nsa doval, who is in moscow on the invitation of his russian counterpart nikolai patrushev, held detailed discussions on prime minister narendramodi modis visit to vladivostok for the eastern economic forum in early september, bilateral cooperation between the two national security councils as well as regional and international issues.
;;0.1531;;addressing the gathering of representatives of various sikh religious organisations, randhawa said the corridor will be inaugurated on november 8 and the function will be attended by prime minister narendramodi apart from other dignitaries, including chief minister capt amarinder singh.
;;0.0;;bakhriya wrote to prime minister narendramodi last year, seeking his intervention.
;;-0.2263;;congress president rahul gandhi on thursday denied that his father, the late former prime minister rajiv gandhi, had gone for a holiday on a warship, a day after prime minister narendramodi alleged that the latter had used the ins viraat as a personal taxi for family vacations.
;;0.3612;;mr narendramodi on the other hand, runs india while obsessed with the past.
;;-0.6808;;the truth is mr narendramodi is scared of the future, hes always been terrified of it.
;;0.0;;my way of thinking is that mr narendramodi represents a voice in this country.
;;0.0;;mr narendramodi is an individual.
;;0.0772;;i will bet you, whatever you want, that as far as thinking about india is concerned, im spending at least 10 times the amount of time that mr narendramodi is spending.
;;0.25;;how much time has mr narendramodi spent really thinking through these issues or developing a vision for indias future?
;;0.0;;and mr narendramodi bought it hook, line and sinker.
;;-0.6597;;how much time has mr narendramodi spent actually sitting and thinking about how hes going to resolve indias unemployment crisis?
;;0.5574;;i actually think the media is being fair to me, mr narendramodi is being fair to me.
;;0.9081;;when they do ground reports, and my colleagues are going everywhere, theyre saying that in places, (yes there is a huge job problem, and a big problem with the economy) but many reporters are coming back and saying that mr narendramodi is popular, that unke naam pe chunav jeet sakte hain (the party can win in his name).
;;0.3089;;look till just two years ago, the media said mr narendramodi cannot lose an election.
;;0.0;;the newspaper speculated that the meeting would pave the way for facilitating a meeting between prime minister nawaz sharif and his indian counterpart narendramodi next month on the margins of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit at astana.
;;0.7003;;australian prime minister malcolm turnbull on thursday said it might not be possible to reach a free trade deal with new delhi, despite his and indian prime minister narendramodi modis attempts to revive talks.
;;0.3818;;follow lok sabha elections phase 2 live updates hereprime minister narendramodi visited the constituency twice since january, reiterating the bjps commitment to the citizenship (amendment) bill (cab), which, unlike in other parts of the northeast, is the partys main poll plank here.
;;-0.0516;;in silchar, prime minister narendramodi modis invocation of sons and daughters of bharat mata, when he referred to the non-muslim refugees from pakistan and bangladesh and reiterated his commitment to cab, have assuaged a section of such people who were unhappy being clubbed as ghuspethiye whom the bjp wanted to throw out.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday slammed uttarakhands congress government, accusing it of lacking political will for development, and urged the electorate to vote for bjp for the states growth.
;;-0.7783;;on international womens day, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal urged prime minister narendramodi to unfollow those accounts that abuse and threaten women on twitter.
;;0.6124;;prime minister narendramodi , however, sought to raise the bar, urging party leaders to aim big and expand  ideologically, geographically and socially.
;;0.0;;the book titled new beginning was released by prime minister narendramodi on the 11 civil services day in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;speaking about the show, prime minister narendramodi said, for years, i have lived among nature, in the mountains and the forests.
;;0.34;;its a kind of undeclared cap the party has imposed on itself at the instance of prime minister narendramodi , he said.
;;0.25;;it accurately highlighted the monumental injustices of the past and coherently presented our vision for the sisters and brothers of j&k, prime minister narendramodi said in a tweet.
;;0.0;;two days ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to amarkantak as part of the five-month-long narmada seva yatras concluding function, islamic clerics in madhya pradesh have issued a fatwa objecting to the ritualistic participation of muslims in the event.
;;-0.836;;india will push fellow brics members to define terrorism and reflect its concerns over cross-border terror when their leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , gather for their annual summit in johannesburg in july, officials familiar with the matter said on monday.
;;-0.0772;;an india-uk bilateral agreement on returning illegal immigrants could not be signed when prime minister narendramodi visited london this april because of a range of concerns such as the fear of mass deportation, a consent clause and possible security breaches, officials said.
;;-0.2732;;the misinformation became so deep-rooted that even prime minister narendramodi had to assure tribal voters in west singhbhum during the 2019 lok sabha election campaigns that no one would acquire their land.
;;0.0;;assembly elections in up, uttarakhand, punjab, manipur and goa spread across february and march are tipped to be a referendum of sorts on the demonetisation decision taken by prime minister narendramodi on november 8.
;;0.5423;;law minister ravi shankar prasad said in new delhi that the narendramodi government respects the culture of tamil nadu and is mindful of the sentiments expressed by the people in the state through a peaceful protest.
;;0.0;;a day before, tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam had appealed to prime minister narendramodi for an ordinance on jallikattu.
;;0.4767;;pompeo will meet prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister s jaishankar to discuss our ambitious agenda for the us-india strategic partnership, state department spokesperson morgan ortagus said in a statement on tuesday.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to reach punjab in the last week of january to campaign for the sad-bjp candidates ahead of the february 4 polls.
;;-0.7672;;at an election meeting in hyderabad, swaraj referred to the air strikes on terror camps in pakistans balakot following the pulwama attack and said opposition parties who do not have faith in prime minister narendramodi were taking his pakistan counterparts statements for granted.
;;-0.3182;;in another post on twitter, tej pratap, whose flute playing abilities has also caught the attention of prime minister narendramodi , said that whosoever comes between him and his family will be destroyed, apparently hinting at certain elements trying to fish in troubled waters.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi too would be addressing the summit through video conferencing.
;;0.128;;0 launched by prime minister narendramodi in 2015.
;;0.0;;i recently met prime minister narendramodi and union minister gajendra singh shekhawat on this issue.
;;-0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi announced an ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh for the next of kin of each of those killed.
;;-0.128;;referring to his meeting with the prime minister on the issue, the chief minister pointed out this was not the first time he had met narendramodi to demand waiver of farm loans.
;;0.4404;;i have sent letters to prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath to provide security and justice, which has been denied to me all these years, she said.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday arrived in japan for the g20 summit during which he will attend important plurilateral meetings and meet with the world leaders including us president donald trump.
;;0.6808;;follow live updates here:4:37 pm ist besides delhi and ahmedabad, i had the opportunity to take pm abe to varanasi: pm modi pm narendramodi in japan: besides delhi and ahmedabad, i had the opportunity to take pm abe to varanasi.
;;0.8807;;pm narendramodi in japan: after i became pm in 2014 i got an opportunity to strengthen india-japan friendship, together with my friend pm shinzo abe.
;;0.3818;;4:25 pm ist when it comes to indias relations with the world, japan holds an important position: pm modi pm narendramodi in japan: when it comes to indias relations with the world, japan holds an important position.
;;0.2023;;pm narendramodi in japan: when it comes to india's relations with the world, japan holds an important position.
;;0.4404;;4:03 pm ist indian community waits for narendramodi modis address mea tweets: full house at hyogo prefecture guest house in kobe, japan as the indian community eagerly awaits to hear pm @narendramodi.
;;0.9501;;twitter.com/59ciubhzwa  pmo india (@pmoindia) june 27, 201911:00 am ist express my gratitude for warm welcome you and japan government have accorded to us: pm modi to shinzo abe pm narendramodi to japan pm shinzo abe: thank you once again for the congratulations, you were the first friend of india who congratulated me, on phone.
;;0.0;;10:52 am ist pm modi meets his japanese counterpart shinzo abe prime minister narendramodi meets japan prime minister shinzo abe on the sidelines of the g20 summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi meets japan prime minister shinzo abe on the sidelines of the #g20summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.8481;;10:11 am ist pm narendramodi and donald trump had agreed on the bilateral meeting pm narendramodi and donald trump had agreed on the bilateral meeting when the united states president called the indian leader last month to congratulate him on his re-election.
;;0.9325;;8:25 am ist g20 summit will also be a platform for sharing indias strong developmental experience of last 5 years: pm modi prime minister narendramodi said that the g 20 summit will also be a platform for sharing indias strong developmental experience of the last five years, which provided the basis for a resounding mandate by the people of india to the government to continue on the path of progress and stability.
;;0.0;;8:00 am ist pm modi will meet donald trump, emmanuel macron and shinzo abe prime minister narendramodi will meet us president donald trump, french president emmanuel macron and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe for the first time after his re-election.
;;0.0;;7:50 am ist pm modi to meet prime minister of japan, shinzo abe in osaka, japan prime minister narendramodi to meet prime minister of japan, shinzo abe in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;#expectedtoday | prime minister narendramodi to meet prime minister of japan, shinzo abe in osaka, japan.
;;0.9022;;twitter.com/e3x92utajm  ani (@ani) june 27, 20197:40 am ist grateful to dynamic indian community for warm welcome: pm modi prime minister narendramodi tweeted: reached osaka to join the #g20 summit.
;;0.7184;;twitter.com/brpkl9vjqj  narendramodi (@narendramodi) june 27, 20197:30 am ist members of indian community welcome pm modi as he arrives at swissotel nankai hotel in osaka japan: members of the indian community welcome prime minister narendramodi as he arrives at swissotel nankai hotel in osaka.
;;0.4588;;japan: members of the indian community welcome prime minister narendramodi as he arrives at swissotel nankai hotel in osaka pic.
;;0.128;;the bjp launched its membership drive from varanasi, prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency, on july 6 and the exercise ended on august 20.
;;0.0;;amit shah continues to be the bjp president, but nadda was appointed working president of the bjp in june this year, following gandhinagar mps elevation as the home minister in narendramodi modis government.
;;0.6597;;gandhi had tweeted in connection with jaitleys statement after an agreement to end an impasse in the rajya sabha was reached between the treasury and opposition benches over prime minister narendramodi modis remarks against his predecessor manmohan singh during the gujarat assembly election campaign.
;;-0.6486;;modi walks up to manmohan in rajya sabha, shakes handsprime minister narendramodi shook hands on friday with former prime minister manmohan singh soon after the rajya sabha was adjourned sine die.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi on friday launched an aadhaar-based money transfer mobile platform for traders along with two incentive schemes, in a push to make the economy less-cash and curb black money generation.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi termed the bjps win unprecedented.
;;-0.296;;after the 17th lok sabha unanimously elected om birla as the speaker of the lower house, birla was felicitated by the various leaders of the house including prime minister narendramodi on wednesday.
;;0.0258;;the fallout of the us withdrawal from afghanistan will be a subject of discussion when prime minister narendramodi meets us president donald trump next month, the officials added.
;;0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday hailed the science community for indias record satellite launch and successful testing of a missile system as he made another pitch for digital payments.
;;0.8885;;the sons of the soil to be honoured during the event include dilip ravidas, head of a panchayat in jharkhands hazaribagh district, whose efforts for water conservation won him praise by none other than prime minister narendramodi in his man ki baat radio address.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressed the nation in the 32nd episode of the monthly mann ki baat programme, his first since completing three years in power.
;;0.4404;;a city that rises early and exercises has a bright future, gupta said, lauding the efforts of prime minister narendramodi and yoga guru ramdev in making the ancient culture a part of our daily routine.
;;0.8126;;on december 31, 2016, prime minister narendramodi announced an additional subsidy on home loan interest rates, saying that the government will facilitate 4  and 3  interest rate rebate for housing loans of up to rs 9 lakh and rs 12 lakh, respectively.
;;-0.7184;;surjewala also asked why prime minister narendramodi did not take action on the rs 20,000 crore loss caused to public exchequer in gujarat state petroleum scam when he himself was the chief minister.
;;-0.1027;;as the dust and bitterness of lok sabha campaign begins to subside, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal called on prime minister narendramodi with a request and a promise to work with his government for the betterment of delhi.
;;0.802;;it may be noted that president ram nath kovinds address to the joint sitting of parliament on thursday had outlined narendramodi governments commitment to making a nationwide campaign to save water, a defining characteristic of its second term in power, along the lines of the swatch bharat abhiyaan, a highlight of its first term.
;;-0.5106;;women of nagepur, one of the two villages prime minister narendramodi has adopted in his lok sabha constituency, varanasi under the saansad adarsh gram yojna, want him to replicate the gujarat policy in up  ban liquor.
;;0.0;;this is also to bring transparency in the selection process and young contestants in consonance with prime minister narendramodi modis new india campaign, said tiwari.
;;0.5106;;the bjp leader said after decades, the decision could be made with strong conviction and willpower shown by prime minister narendramodi , who gave real shradhanjali to atal ji on this day by this step.
;;0.296;;india is expected to hammer out a rs 39,000-crore deal with russia for s-400 triumf air defence missile systems this october when prime minister narendramodi and president vlamidir putin meet in new delhi for the annual summit between the two countries, top government officials tracking the deal said on condition of anonymity.
;;0.7351;;celebrating bjps stupendous show in up assembly elections at his marris road residence on sunday, he lauded prime minister narendramodi for his leadership and credited him with partys historical victory.
;;0.0772;;after independence, no other leader has emerged on the countrys political horizon like narendramodi has, singh said.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi liked 16-year-old gayatri singhs explosive appeal for her right to live in a clean environment so much that he included the girls audio clip in the 30th edition of his mann ki baat monthly radio address on sunday.
;;0.5994;;more than 25,500 memorandum of understanding (mou) have been signed in three days of the eighth vibrant gujarat global summit 2017, a biennial business meet prime minister narendramodi had launched as the states chief minister in 2003.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressed a public rally in madhya pradesh.
;;0.0;;4:50 pm ist modi campaigned in temperatures ranging from 18 degress celsius to 46 degrees celsius: amit shah most rallies of narendramodi were held in temperatures ranging from 40 degrees celsius to 45 degrees celsius.
;;0.0;;4:35 pm ist people willing to see narendramodi become pm again: amit shah after independence, bjp has worked the hardest in these elections.
;;0.0;;the people are willing to see narendramodi become prime minister again, said amit shah.
;;0.0;;4:25 pm ist pm modi joins amit shah at bjp press conference prime minister narendramodi has joined amit shah for the latters press conference at bjp headquarters.
;;-0.3875;;twitter.com/lp7bor6mgw  ani up (@aninewsup) may 17, 20192:54 pm ist will never forgive pragya thakur for her remarks on bapu: pm modi will never forgive pragya thakur for her remarks on bapu, says pm modi1:52 pm ist pm modi to meet bjp workers part of lok sabha campaign today pm narendramodi to meet bjp workers part of the lok sabha campaign, later today at bjp office in delhi.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi to meet bjp workers part of the lok sabha campaign, later today at bjp office in delhi (file pic) pic.
;;0.0;;12:27 pm ist after decades you will elect a majority government for a second time in a row: pm modi pm narendramodi in khargone,madhya pradesh: this sunday when you go to cast your vote then you will be scripting history.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi in khargone,madhya pradesh: this sunday when you go to cast your vote then you will be scripting history.
;;-0.7789;;election commissioner ashok lavasa, who did not agree with the election commission of indias (eci) decisions to clear prime minister narendramodi and bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah of charges of violating the so-called model code of conduct (mcc), broke his silence in an interview with hindustan times and said he has no axe to grind.
;;0.0;;congress vice president rahul gandhi on tuesday drew a parallel between prime minister narendramodi and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, and said both the leaders are running one-man show.
;;0.6369;;incidentally, parrikars avowal was in light of prime minister narendramodi modis political decision to not initiate a formal revision of the doctrine promised by the ruling party in its 2014 election manifesto.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi announced last december two components of credit-linked subsidy within the scheme.
;;-0.6124;;the election commission of india (eci) has cleared prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi of wrongdoing in one complaint each of violation of the model code of conduct they faced for speeches made on the lok sabha campaign trail.
;;0.7783;;there are no plans to meet prime minister narendramodi , but sudworth said if the archbishop had the opportunity, there will be things he would want to share, but added that the church leader would not want to lecture another country.
;;-0.296;;it accused prime minister narendramodi of suffocating the judiciary.
;;0.0;;yogi also talked about efforts made by prime minister narendramodi to end casteism in society.
;;-0.7845;;like abraham lincoln and nelson mandela got freedom for black people from slavery and racism, pm narendramodi has laid the foundation of new india by ending casteism and other evils of society, yogi said.
;;0.7717;;prime minister narendramodi modis nearly 99-year-old mother heeraben modi on thursday greeted the bjps supporters outside her home in gandhinagar of gujarat as the party looked set to sweep the lok sabha election.
;;0.8042;;prime minister narendramodi has made relations with islamic countries so strong and this is the benefit of his foreign visits, she asserted.
;;0.6369;;read more: pm to unveil start up india today: key facts about the grand melalater in the day, prime minister narendramodi will release the start-up action plan, visit a virtual exhibition and interact with start-up entrepreneurs at the eventwill join the programme to commence the start-up india movement this evening.
;;0.3612;;in his campaign speech at a rally before the assembly election, prime minister narendramodi had come down heavily on corruption in the state and promised a cag audit of gda and all development authorities if the bjp is elected to power.
;;-0.4767;;the opposition continued to attack the government and targeted prime minister narendramodi as the incident happened in his home state.
;;0.802;;win over your opponents and focus on winning 2024 election from now on, prime minister narendramodi told bjp legislators in early august, even before the dust had settled on the 2019 race.
;;-0.2732;;reach office on time and avoid working from home to set an example for others -- these were some of the instructions prime minister narendramodi gave to the council of ministers on wednesday.
;;0.0;;ashwani lohani, chairman and managing director of air india had also given a full presentation to prime minister narendramodi on a turnaround plan.
;;0.25;;a growing number of critics have questioned indias high growth estimates under prime minister narendramodi modis government.
;;-0.3612;;the results show that anti-incumbency has been catching up with the narendramodi government and bjps lead vis--vis the congress has fallen to less than half in the past one year (see chart 2).
;;0.4215;;the survey also shows that an equal number of respondents (43 ) like prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi now.
;;0.0;;months before prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country, a low level government karmachari in jharkhands latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction.
;;0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi suggested on sunday changing vip to epi or every person is important, underscoring the need to change peoples mindset over snobbish symbols of power such as red beacons that his government has banned.
;;0.8316;;after months of bilateral tension, the icj ruling has come as a great relief to jadhavs family and the people of india, with prime minister narendramodi expressing satisfaction on the judgement.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi triggered a flurry of reactions after reports emerged that his photograph had replaced an iconic shot of mahatma gandhi with his spinning wheel, on the new khadi udyog merchandise.
;;0.5256;;india can play a very important role in resolving the dispute between palestine and israel, palestinian president mahmoud abbas said on monday, on the eve of his talks with prime minister narendramodi here.
;;0.8074;;recently, the national-award winning actor akshay met prime minister narendramodi and shared the theme and title of the movie, which reportedly made the latter smile.
;;0.7906;;prime minister narendramodi modis recent visit to sri lanka was a grand success and enabled both countries to finalise a number of projects, including the trincomalee port project, a minister here said.
;;-0.8271;;he also accused the bjp in karnataka and delhi of attempting to destablise the kumaraswamy government and pinned the blame for the coalitions crisis on prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah.
;;-0.9136;;those who lynched a young muslim man in jharkhand deserve the severest punishment, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday, and added that violence in any part of the country should be condemned equally.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi had expressed his extreme displeasure over the attacks in conversations with the army and air force chiefs, a third government official said on condition of anonymity.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the first phase of the delhi-meerut expressway before holding a roadshow in an open jeep in the capital on sunday.
;;0.3818;;1:40pm:i want to assure all the sugarcane farmers here that the government is sensitive towards their issues & is working to resolve all the problems: pm narendramodi at the inauguration of #easternperipheralexpressway in baghpat.
;;0.3612;;on the occasion of the inauguration of eastern peripheral expressway, i thank prime minister narendramodi on behalf of the people of uttar pradesh.
;;0.3612;;(picture courtesy: bjp live/twitter)10:20am: prime minister narendramodi inaugurates the first phase of delhi-meerut expressway.
;;-0.7506;;classic examples would be the jems pathankot air base attack on january 1, 2016, which was planned on christmas day when prime minister narendramodi reached lahore, to the mysterious bombing in kandahar on january 10, where five top uae diplomats were killed.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is in the fray in varanasi.
;;0.7717;;prime minister narendramodi modis dream of doubling farmers income by 2022 can be realised only through partnership with state governments, naidu said adding that the centre is working on four is irrigation, infrastructure, interest rate and insurance to boost the income of farmers.
;;-0.4767;;although madhepura has been a battleground for sharad and lalu in the last two decades, the common enemy in prime minister narendramodi and nitish kumar not only brought these two leaders together, but also nudged yadav to contest on rjds ticket.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi met women mps of the bjp over breakfast at his residence on friday, the fifth in the series of meetings with a cross-section of parliamentarians from the party.
;;0.0;;the kerala government on friday ditched its plan to inaugurate the kochi metro project on may 30, stating that it would prefer to wait for a convenient date from prime minister narendramodi instead.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi , too, has called for a debate on holding the elections together, to save money and smoothen decision-making that is disrupted every time the poll code kicks in.
;;0.7717;;shiromani akali dal president sukhbir singh badal led a delegation of party leaders that included union cabinet minister harsimrat kaur to meet prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on friday and demanded that the government assure farmers are paid minimum support price for their crop based on the input costs formula recommended by the ms swaminathan commission.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi has defended the move as a war against black money and counterfeiting.
;;-0.9136;;read: ramjas clash: crime branch to probe violence on du campus, 3 cops suspendedhe appealed to prime minister narendramodi to hold police accountable for the february 22 violence.
;;0.3182;;during a conversation about bjps pm candidate narendramodi modis winning prospects in 2013, he had said, the irritation palpable in his voice, why are you asking a muslim this?
;;-0.296;;on february 8, prime minister narendramodi , in his election rally at ghaziabad, had targeted gda for alleged land scams and said that he would ensure a cag audit of all development authorities, including gda, if the bjp was elected.
;;0.2023;;the panel of top bureaucrats was constituted last year by prime minister narendramodi to review government programmes and give budget ideas for 2017-18 on the health, sanitation and urban development sector.
;;-0.5859;;in the first mann ki baat programme after assuming office in his second term, prime minister narendramodi on sunday spoke on one of the biggest challenges facing india today: an acute water crisis.
;;0.1027;;ranchiupdated: jul 29, 2019 05:42 istara and keram, two ranchi villages in ormanjhi block, turned model for water conservation in the country and they got prime minister narendramodi modis appreciation on sunday for exemplary works done in this regard.
;;0.4019;;the prime minister narendramodi in his second mann ki baat, after returning to power, made a special mention of the villages saying it a model for the country on efforts towards water conservation.
;;-0.25;;the attack came close on the heels of an upswing in india-pakistan ties after prime minister narendramodi made a surprise trip to lahore last month and held talks with his pakistani counterpart, nawaz sharif.
;;0.0;;here is a look at some key contests in this phase:uttar pradeshvaranasiin the ring: narendramodi (bjp), shalini yadav (sp), ajay rai (congress) and atiq ahmed (independent)quick take: prime minister narendramodi is again contesting from here, which most observers say, will be a one-sided contest.
;;-0.4767;;2014 results: the bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi defeated his nearest rival aam aadmi partys arvind kejriwal by a margin of 3.
;;0.6684;;none can be forced to chant what narendramodi or bjp want, she said adding that west bengals culture has never been what the the saffron party is trying to make it.
;;-0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi addressing rallies at jhargram and tamluk in the state monday said that in bengal people are not allowed to chant jai shri ram and that saying it in public places is regarded as a crime here.
;;0.0;;alleging that prime minister narendramodi was trying to do politics over cyclone fani, banerjee said if you (modi) think you will politicise it (cyclone) you must remember that i too understand politics.
;;0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi had a special visitor in parliament today and pictures of the two have created a huge buzz all over social media.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/imdviuk66e  neha purohit 248 (@nehapurohit95) july 23, 2019pm narendramodi has a following of over 25.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi and bahujan samaj party (bsp) chief mayawati on saturday accused the congress of hushing up an alleged gangrape in rajasthans alwar until polling had been held in the constituency, launching a broadside in separate election rallies in uttar pradesh where some areas are yet to vote.
;;0.0;;thus the states politics was literally controlled by mayawati and mulayam singh yadav and both got their first jolt in 2014 when narendramodi , then gujarat chief minister, landed in the state to contest the general election from varanasi.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to inaugurate the eastern peripheral expressway and address a rally in the neighbouring baghpat district on sunday -- a day before kairana goes to polls.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi replied to controversies over his kedarnath trip and the last mann ki baat apart from reminding his listeners of the importance of upholding democracy and reading books.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi modis radio programme mann ki baat resumed today almost a month after the pm returned to power.
;;-0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi is making a desperate bid to resurrect his stature but the absence of credibility is haunting him, chief co-ordinator of uttar pradesh congress committee ashok gehlot said.
;;0.765;;the senior party leader took a dig at rjd supremo lalu prasad yadav saying, if lalu prasadji would not have gone to up and abused prime minister narendramodi , samajwadi party could have gained 2-4 seats.
;;0.5106;;watch: what made modi the shah of uttar pradeshcrediting prime minister narendramodi for the partys strong showing in the high-stakes up assembly polls, he said the resounding victory is a result of his policies such as demonetisation.
;;0.5574;;popularly known as mashaan baba, tripathi says he focused on the ground long before prime minister narendramodi hogged headlines with a controversial shamshan ghat reference.
;;0.3384;;the los angeles-based hyperloop one is costlier, more energy intensive and has a flawed approach, said bibop g gresta, the chairman of htt, who is set to meet prime minister narendramodi on monday.
;;0.4019;;some in the party went and spoke to prime minister narendramodi about it.
;;0.714;;a year-and-a-half later, it is precisely this faith in narendramodi that has helped the party to a spectacular general election victory for the second time in a row.
;;0.25;;amit shah, bjp chiefshah proves mettle as bjps master strategistif narendramodi was the brand - make no mistake, it was truly his election - shah was the manager who took it to every household in the country and built a party machine that could convert it into votes.
;;-0.5499;;rahul gandhi, congress presidenthis place in cong will be unchallenged but it is time to face tough questionscongress president rahul gandhi had only one goal in the 2019 elections: stop narendramodi from coming to power.
;;-0.5994;;having confronted a popular and often brutal left front machinery in west bengal for most of her political life, in this election she had to face an adversary - the combine of narendramodi and amit shah - which was as adept at being the opposition as she was in her past avatar.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will be visiting punjab on friday to lead the election campaign of the akali-bjp coalition.
;;0.0;;on october 2, 2015, prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the countrys first district court--khunti--which was illuminated by a rooftop power plant.
;;0.6808;;india moved a step closer to inviting bids for the purchase of 114 fighter jets, currently the worlds largest deal in play, as prime minister narendramodi seeks to boost the capability of the countrys armed forces and replace an aging combat aircraft fleet.
;;0.7776;;ahead of the recent assembly election there were rumours that if the bjp won uttar pradesh, prime minister narendramodi would become stronger and he might ask chouhan or chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh to shift to the centre as he would not like them to become stronger in the coming days.
;;0.2382;;even if the bjp fares better than us, it has nothing to do with the performance of its councillors but the effect of the election results in the neighbouring uttar pradesh and prime minister narendramodi modis image, he said.
;;-0.749;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi unleashed one of his most stinging attacks on prime minister narendramodi on wednesday, saying he has destroyed the soul of india in the past two and a half years of his rule.
;;-0.5106;;he accused the centre of being biased against haryana, saying that prime minister narendramodi is not implementing the court decision on the syl canal.
;;0.4019;;former himachal cm prem kumar dhumal too called on rajnath singh and later met prime minister narendramodi , along with state party chief satpal singh satti.
;;-0.0772;;the juggernaut picked up momentum in the last few weeks with the release of the trailer of pm narendramodi an eponymous movie made on the pm and stealth introduction of a television channel namo tv.
;;-0.7717;;the sequence started when e sreedharan, the former managing director of delhi metro, wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi , recommending that the delhi governments proposal be rejected, as it will hurt the economics of delhi metro.
;;0.7475;;from the moment president pranab mukherjee arrived in a horse drawn carriage to when bagpipe yielding, moon walking and drumming military bands took centre stage, to when prime minister narendramodi created a furore by walking into the arena to greet and wave at people; the retreat, a military tradition, never had a dull moment.
;;-0.5574;;indiaupdated: sep 19, 2019 01:41 istthe union cabinet, at a meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi , on wednesday proposed an ordinance to ban production, import, export, transport, sale, storage, distribution, even advertising of e-cigarettes in the country.
;;0.4019;;3) trivendra singh rawat takes over as cm of uttarakhandtrivendra singh rawat will be sworn-in as the eighth chief minister of the hill state today at the parade ground at dehradun in the presence of prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah and several national and state party leaders.
;;-0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi asked first-time voters to dedicate their votes to the forces that carried out an air strike in pakistans balakot and congress president rahul gandhi accused him of running away from a debate on corruption on tuesday, ratcheting up the rhetoric just two days before voting begins in this summers general elections.
;;0.0;;the badrinath-kedarnath temple committee (bktc) dropped a 5-minute portion of the show that talked about the initiatives of prime minister narendramodi for restoration work at the kedarnath shrine and nearby areas after the 2013 deluge.
;;0.0;;the statue was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi during his visit here in november 2015 following a campaign by patil, who graduated in 1993 from gulbarga university in karnataka, moved to britain and went on to hold various positions in the london council of lambeth, including as mayor.
;;0.5106;;the congress has long been criticised for encouraging dynastic politics, with the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and prime minister narendramodi repeatedly targeting the one family that ruled the country for 37 years since independence.
;;0.296;;this move comes after prime minister narendramodi directed all states to share their views on the central government shifting to a new fiscal.
;;-0.2263;;hardik patel, the firebrand leader of the patidar community demanding reservation in gujarat, on monday made a derogatory comment against prime minister narendramodi , likening him to a jackal.
;;0.0;;chandigarhupdated: aug 21, 2019 22:17 istchief minister captain amarinder singh on wednesday wrote to prime minister narendramodi seeking 1,000-crore special package to address the losses resulting from flooding in the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will address two back-to-back rallies at gaya and jamui on tuesday.
;;0.7351;;prime minister narendramodi lured investors with the promise of progressive policies while inaugurating on tuesday the eighth edition of the vibrant gujarat global summit, a biennial business meet he had launched as the states chief minister in 2003.
;;0.7096;;some years ago i got the fortune and good luck of moving our car factory to gujarat and soon again with the leadership of narendramodi , gujarat has become one of the hubs of car manufacturing in india, he said.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken at the union cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi , environment and information and broadcasting minister prakash javadekar said.
;;0.6249;;its a clear indication that the narendramodi government, in its second term, is ready to push ahead with labour reforms.
;;0.0258;;mamata banerjee likely to meet pm modi tomorrow, political circles abuzzwest bengal chief minister mamata banerjee is likely to meet prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on wednesday, people familiar with the matter said, setting political circles abuzz in west bengal.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and president donald trump discussed india-us ties in a phone call late on tuesday that was their first conversation after the new us head of state took office.
;;-0.34;;even india, which gave him asylum in 1959, has turned its back, with prime minister narendramodi modis the government reportedly warning officials against attending events featuring him, citing diplomatic sensitivities.
;;0.4404;;calling it a historic mandate in favour of the bjp, tiwari said, it was a vote for prime minister narendramodi and the work done by our government.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi , the former cm said while people were asked not to attend a function at pakistan high commission on their national day on march 23, the pm had sent messages of felicitations to their prime minister imran khan.
;;0.128;;on january 22, 2015, prime minister narendramodi launched beti bachao, beti padhao (b3p) drive from panipat exhorting the state to wake up.
;;0.2023;;several leaders including prime minister narendramodi , union home minister amit shah and other top bjp and congress leaders had continued to visit jaitley who was kept on life-support.
;;-0.765;;mocking at opposition parties for joining hands fearing that the bjp will get a majority in rajya sabha after the up polls, prime minister narendramodi on sunday took a dig at the sp-congress alliance saying the bjp storm has forced chief minister akhilesh yadav to desperately seek the help of anything, even a pole, to retain power.
;;0.7579;;although the party managed to win just one odisha seat in the 2014 lok sabha elections, it piggybacked on prime minister narendramodi modis nationalistic credentials to rapidly become a force to reckon with.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said he held fruitful talks with visiting nepal president bidhya devi bhandari.
;;-0.5994;;in her last tweet, just hours before her death, swaraj congratulated prime minister narendramodi over the passage of the jammu and kashmir reorganisation bill in parliament.
;;0.0;;before this, the bjps president and now union home minister amit shah invited uddhav thackeray to gujarat when he filed his nomination paper for the national polls and prime minister narendramodi referred to the sena chief as his younger brother.
;;0.0;;union home minister amit shah, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and bjp working president j. p. nadda on sunday tuned in to prime minister narendramodi modis radio programme mann ki baat which resumed after over two months.
;;0.5859;;he is banking on development and prime minister narendramodi and raje to win lok sabha polls again.
;;0.0;;the initiatives of prime minister narendramodi and former chief minister vasundhara rajes have led to the development of jhalawar-baran parliamentary constituency.
;;0.6705;;however, the current tenure in parliament was special when i got the opportunity to witness functioning of the pm narendramodi and his government.
;;0.4215;;like every other bjp candidate, i want to see narendramodi as prime minister again.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi modis government introduced new bankruptcy resolution rules in 2016 to help with faster resolution of bad loans, but litigation has tied down some big restructuring deals.
;;0.7269;;from bjp rejigging the government and the party to ed attaching assets worth rs 18 crore of zakir naik-led islamic research foundation, here are the top ten news stories to bring you up to date:1) pm modi, amit shah to rejig bjp and govt after budget sessionprime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah are likely to rejig their teams after parliaments budget session ends on april 12.
;;0.7096;;the bjp, on its part, through high voltage rallies of prime minister narendramodi , party chief amit shah and home minister rajnath singh, successfully managed to fend off the allegations.
;;0.128;;vande bharat express, also known as train 18, was launched on february 15 by prime minister narendramodi amid much fanfare.
;;0.8316;;indiaupdated: sep 18, 2019 03:40 istin an indirect reference to the governments decision to revoke jammu & kashmirs special status, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday credited the countrys first home minister vallabhbhai patels vision of a unified india for the move.
;;0.7506;;in new delhi, hundreds of employees in uniforms  including flight attendants in the airlines signature yellow  appealed for prime minister narendramodi to step in, some holding signs that read, save jet airways, save our family.
;;-0.765;;a storm was kicked up by bjp members on thomas statement last week that pac can call prime minister narendramodi to depose on the note ban issue, forcing the panel to issue a press release rejecting the congress leaders contention.
;;-0.5106;;trump said that prime minister narendramodi had made a similar request when they met a few weeks ago  a claim that was rejected by india.
;;0.3818;;whatever decision the dharam sansad will take on the construction of the ram temple, rss will accept and implement it, dattatreya, considered close to prime minister narendramodi , said in aurangabad in bihar.
;;-0.0772;;my people wanted me to turn rebel but i am with prime minister narendramodi , he said.
;;0.8131;;but despite public criticism of the state government over the tardy pace of restoration, prime minister narendramodi praised chief minister naveen patnaik on monday for the timely evacuation of 1.
;;0.6115;;prime minister narendramodi said on monday he had a very good interaction with german chancellor angela merkel as he met the leader at her country retreat near berlin for informal talks.
;;0.4588;;chancellor merkel receives prime minister narendramodi at schloss messeberg before a private dinner, said a ministry of external affairs statement alongside images of the two leaders in conversation in the luxurious gardens of the grand palace.
;;0.5965;;twitter.com/5sqb5l205m  narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 29, 2017the meeting has been described as a very informal affair where the two leaders are believed to have discussed issues of mutual interest, with the more formal engagements of modis two-day visit to germany set to kick off on tuesday.
;;0.0;;german chancellor angela merkel and indian prime minister narendramodi walk through the garden of the government guest house meseberg palace.
;;0.0;;german chancellor angela merkel talks to indian prime minister narendramodi during their meeting at the german government guesthouse meseberg palace in meseberg, germany on may 29.
;;0.0;;but adityanath apparently has taken the cue from prime minister narendramodi who hasnt hosted iftar in three years of being in power.
;;0.2263;;demand for diamonds in india slowed late last year following prime minister narendramodi modis decision to scrap high value banknotes as part of a crackdown on tax evasion and counterfeiters.
;;0.4404;;he thanked the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah for returning him as the chief minister of karnataka.
;;0.5267;;a tea stall owner in prime minister narendramodi modis varanasi constituency flaunts his love for all things samajwadi.
;;0.0;;he caught glimpses of akhilesh on december 12, 2015 on dashashwamedh ghat where the up chief minister attended ganga arati along with prime minister narendramodi and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe.
;;0.296;;he started calling himself samajwadi chaiwala two and half years ago, drawing inspiration from narendramodi who sold tea in his early years but rose to the position of prime minister.
;;-0.1531;;as large vigils were held across the country, a downing street spokesperson told hindustan times that prime minister narendramodi conveyed to prime minister theresa may indias deepest condolences, and said indias prayers were with all of those affected.
;;0.8807;;in fact, the grand function in new delhi in february 2016 to celebrate his 50 years as a legislator saw the whos who of indian politics gather on one stage  president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi , congress president sonia gandhi, and the top leaders of all political parties.
;;0.7089;;down-to-earth in his approach, pawar enjoyed cordial relations with most prominent politicians including narendramodi , atal bihari vajpayee, lk advani, jyoti basu, pramod mahajan and farooq abdullah.
;;0.9371;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday launched a fresh attack on the opposition parties and said that though the samajwadi party was evidently going soft on the congress, bahujan samaj party supremo mayawati was openly opposing the grand old party.
;;0.0;;delhi university teachers are divided over the issue of prime minister narendramodi modis remark about former prime minister rajiv gandhi.
;;0.7003;;the members said, narendramodi has lowered the dignity of the office of the prime minister by making derogatory and untrue remarks about late rajiv ji, who made the supreme sacrifice in the service of the nation.
;;0.9093;;also read| love never loses, we will emerge stronger: rahul gandhi after poll defeatat the national level, bjp, whose campaign was spearheaded by prime minister narendramodi on muscular nationalism and a strident anti-congress plank has won 288 seats and is leading on 15 as per the latest details updated on the website of the election commission.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted, delighted to know that in a span of 10 days there have been over 10 million downloads of the bhim app.
;;0.34;;also read | why congress fielding rahul gandhi from wayanad puts cpi(m) in a bindthe congress party is also planning to fan a message that prime minister narendramodi was singling out south and it wants to make his so-called hostile approach a poll issue.
;;0.5023;;but then he was tripped up by his own leaders  first narendramodi and amit shah during their campaign in uttar pradesh promised a loan write-off for farmers in that state.
;;0.0;;people will vote on the basis of works done by prime minister narendramodi modis government.
;;0.5859;;if that happens, prime minister narendramodi , the face of the bjps campaign, will win a second term in office.
;;0.3182;;has india decided to re-elect narendramodi and give him another chance to fulfil his agenda, or does india want change in the form of an alternative alliance?
;;0.0;;the informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping, which the chinese are describing as a milestone in bilateral relations, was all about the big picture.
;;-0.7003;;ringing in the new year 2018, prime minister narendramodi exhorted citizens on sunday to aim for a new india that is free from poison of casteism, communalism, terrorism and corruption.
;;0.7351;;the aam aadmi party lashed out at the saffron party and prime minister narendramodi for encouraging trolls who threaten women.
;;0.1027;;during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to russia in june, both countries had decided to upgrade and intensify defence cooperation through joint manufacture, co-production and co-development of key military hardware and equipment.
;;-0.296;;china defends flights by choppers in chamoli area, welcomes modis remarkschina on monday defended its military helicopters hovering over chamoli district of uttarkhand, saying it has a territorial dispute in the eastern section of the frontier with india even as welcomed prime minister narendramodi modis remarks that not a single bullet has been fired in four decades despite the border row.
;;0.8442;;mishra says he is inspired by prime minister narendramodi modis statement: lets further increase the use of technology in our daily lives and to make a positive difference to our society.
;;0.0;;srinarayan patel, the head of prime minister narendramodi modis adopted village jayapur, was not very familiar with whatsapp earlier.
;;0.2263;;he added that the prime minister narendramodi in early this year had laid foundations of several irrigational projects worth rs 1059 crore in drought prone palamu.
;;-0.7003;;the indian economy suffered two big back-to-back shocks before the narendramodi government took over in 2014.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi hinted at this in his interview to the economic times on august 12.
;;0.0;;the comments come days after prime minister narendramodi urged washington to keep an open mind on admitting skilled indian workers.
;;-0.2023;;the bharatiya janata partys spectacular victory in uttar pradesh makes prime minister narendramodi appear unstoppable in his quest for a second term in 2019.
;;0.0;;allowed by speaker sumitra mahajan to express his objection, roy said the bill is illegal as the demonetisation statement made by prime minister narendramodi was without any notification and it should have come from the rbi as it is the central bank which promises to pay the bearer of a currency note its real value.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday invited the heads of all parties to a meeting on june 19 to discuss the idea of one nation, one election, an issue that has lacked political consensus in the past and prompted consultations among experts.
;;0.7096;;indiaupdated: sep 18, 2019 12:44 istunion law minister ravi shankar prasad said it took 70 years for indian government to show its strength under prime minister narendramodi and nullify article 370 that gave special status to jammu and kashmir.
;;0.7844;;also watch: country with modi govt on article 370 abrogation: ravi shankar prasadpatel said, the future will depend upon the strength and guts of indian government, if we cannot have confidence in our strength then we do not deserve to exist as a nation, prasad read out a quote from patels biography written by his secretary v shankar to illustrate the point and added that narendramodi had to demonstrate that strength after 70 years.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi visited jethmalanis residence and said that the courageous advocate never shied from expressing his views.
;;0.8658;;other-sportsupdated: aug 27, 2019 16:39 istafter winning a gold medal at the bwf world championships, shuttler pv sindhu will be meeting prime minister narendramodi and union minister of youth affairs and sports kiren rijiju today.
;;0.7269;;may appreciated the progress made on issues discussed between her and prime minister narendramodi during her visit to new delhi in november.
;;0.1045;;terming the nda governments performance as historic, memorable and untarnished by any kind of scam or corruption, the bjp claimed on friday that the country recorded all-round progress under prime minister narendramodi modis leadership in the past three years.
;;0.5574;;hanss musical campaign revolved around prime minister narendramodi , as he along with mehndi sought votes in the pms name and sang songs in his praise.
;;0.7845;;other-sportsupdated: aug 27, 2019 16:39 istprime minister narendramodi met with ace shuttler pv sindhu after the latter won a historic gold at bwf world championships in basel.
;;0.5859;;twitter.com/4wvwxuapqr  narendramodi (@narendramodi) august 27, 2019following her historic victory, sindhu spoke exclusively to hindustan time and stated it was a much-awaited win for her.
;;0.5994;;he also said the government of prime minister narendramodi was taking steps to ensure incentives for those who entered the tax net.
;;0.0;;the prime minister really feels he has it under control, he said on the sidelines of the g-7 meetings in biarritz, france, last month, referring to prime minister narendramodi , ahead of their meeting.
;;0.0772;;indiaupdated: sep 15, 2019 17:41 istjammu and kashmir governor satya pal malik said that the message from prime minister narendramodi when he took charge of the erstwhile state was to make it shine so much that the people of pakistan occupied kashmir (pok) would want to come and settle here.
;;0.3818;;congress president rahul gandhi on tuesday threw an open book challenge to prime minister narendramodi inviting him for a debate.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi during his december 17, 2018 rally in andawan had visited akshawat and saraswati koop and announced its opening for devotees.
;;0.5859;;also read: bsf jawan sacked for video on food quality is sps new varanasi candidatein a surprise announcement last week, the samajwadi party had replaced shalini yadav with tej bahadur yadav to contest against prime minister narendramodi from varanasi.
;;0.0772;;there is a sense in washington that prime minister narendramodi missed an opportunity when he told trump that india had reduced its tariffs on us-made harley-davidson motorcycles but cited a still absurdly high 50  tariff.
;;0.0;;these include prime minister narendramodi , congress vice-president rahul gandhi, delhi cm arvind kejriwal and bsp chief mayawati.
;;-0.3182;;senior shiv sena leader sanjay raut on monday said only prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath will be able to construct the ram temple in ayodhya and there must not be any further delay.
;;0.0;;before the up assembly elections, prime minister narendramodi had targetted the development authorities in the state in an election speech on february 8 in ghaziabad.
;;-0.3182;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 10:46 isthours after indias moon mission took a hit when the vikram lander lost contact with isros control centre in bengaluru in the final minutes, prime minister narendramodi told indian space scientists on saturday that there will be a new dawn.
;;0.0;;she is to travel to india on the invitation of prime minister narendramodi who had invited her in 2015.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday met chinese president xi jinping at the welcome ceremony of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in chinas qingdao.
;;0.6808;;pm narendramodi invited kazakhstan to join the international solar alliance and the president of kazakhstan responded positively, said ruchi ghanashyam, secretary (west) in the ministry of external affairs (mea).
;;0.0;;3:12pm: prime minister narendramodi departs for india from qingdao, china: ani.
;;0.0;;2:11pm: narendramodi holds a meeting with president of kyrgyzstan sooronbai jeenbekov.
;;0.1779;;twitter.com/gxlmykyjcn  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) june 10, 20182:00pm: xi jinping suggests to prime minister narendramodi that china and india should set up a new bilateral trade target of $100 billion by 2020, as beijing is looking at importing non-basmati rice as well as sugar to address the huge trade deficit.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi attended the heads of state council meeting.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi held a meeting with president of kazakhstan nursultan nazarbayev on the sidelines of #scosummit in china's #qingdao pic.
;;0.7351;;11:49am: presence of prime minister narendramodi and pakistan president mamnoon hussain is of great historic significance, says jinping.
;;0.2732;;#scosummit : prime minister narendramodi and other leaders at the signing of agreements and joint statement in china's #qingdao pic.
;;0.9169;;i hope the brave steps towards peace taken by president ghani will be respected by all in the region, says pm narendramodi at sco summit.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin also present: ani.
;;0.0;;from left: indian prime minister narendramodi , kyrgyz president sooronbay jeenbekov, tajikistan president imomali rakhmon, russian president vladimir putin, chinese president xi jinping, kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev, uzbekistan's president shavkat mirziyoyev and pakistani president mamnoon hussain pose for a photo prior to their talks at the shanghai cooperation organization (sco) summit in qingdao in eastern china's shandong province sunday, june 10, 2018.
;;0.4588;;(ap photo/alexander zemlianichenko) (ap photo)7:30am: prime minister narendramodi meets chinese president xi jinping at the welcome ceremony of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in qingdao.
;;0.8047;;but if the exit polls hold true, the writing is on the wall for arvind kejriwals aam aadmi party, which had routed prime minister narendramodi modis bjp in the delhi assembly elections two years ago.
;;-0.34;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday taunted the congress, mocked its vice president rahul gandhi and criticised its dynastic politics as he tore into the main opposition party in parliament.
;;0.4404;;cm devendra fadnavis said it was an unprecedented victory for the bjp, a vote in favour of prime minister narendramodi modis agenda for transparency and development.
;;-0.1779;;bjp president amit shah on monday told an election rally in odishas nabarangpur district that prime minister narendramodi would give a befitting reply to pakistan whenever there is an attack and underlined an earlier statement that only modi can keep the country secure.
;;-0.8957;;but narendramodi in just 12 days of the attack carried out an airstrike and neutralised the terrorists by raiding their camps, he said.
;;-0.2023;;three out of five indians are satisfied with prime minister narendramodi modis performance though a majority feels his government is sliding on checking prices, generating jobs and preventing crime, an online poll has found.
;;-0.0772;;siddaramaiah last week sent a legal notice threatening to file a rs 100-crore defamation suit against yeddyurappa, prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah and asked them to publicly apologise for allegedly making false and defamatory statements against him.
;;0.0;;the film, directed by stanley tong, was announced as one of three india-china movie projects in may 2015, when prime minister narendramodi visited china.
;;0.128;;the bjp is also highlighting the development projects launched by prime minister narendramodi in june last year.
;;-0.5267;;youd think the critics would back off when kumar delivered a masterful performance as an indian patriot who conducts an apolitical interview with prime minister narendramodi , but no.
;;-0.1911;;the finance bill is classified as a money bill, which does not require bicameral approval and can be approved by the lok sabha alone where prime minister narendramodi modis bjp has a majority.
;;-0.7269;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday warned people against falling for rhetoric by rivals and elect a weak an unstable government of those who plundered the state exchequer and created lawlessness and anarchy in the state.
;;-0.6908;;the international cricket council (icc) found itself in trouble after sharing an old video which featured prime minister narendramodi and asaram bapu, the godman who was convicted by a jodhpur court and sentenced to life imprisonment for the rape of a 16-year-old girl.
;;-0.4767;;jaitley had opted out of the government citing poor health when the second national democratic alliance (nda) government headed by prime minister narendramodi took oath.
;;-0.34;;rip arun jaitley: former finance minister and bjp stalwart dies at 66prime minister narendramodi mourned the death of arun jaitley, saying he has lost a valued friend.
;;0.0;;jaitley was among the first to realise the potential of narendramodi in the bjp, and the two stayed together through thick and thin.
;;0.3566;;the measures are likely to provide relief to farmers, especially those engaged in floriculture and the cultivation of vegetables and plantations, who have had to face disruptions in the supply chain and depressed prices for their produce following prime minister narendramodi modis 8 november surprise announcement to withdraw high-value banknotes.
;;-0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi attacked the incumbent samajwadi party government at bjps parivartan sankalp rally here on saturday saying, kaam nahi, karnama bolta hai.
;;0.5994;;signifying the importance given to jammu and kashmir by prime minister narendramodi modis government, union home minister amit shah wednesday chose the state for his maiden visit after assuming office and reviewed the security situation.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has set the target of doubling farmers income by 2022.
;;0.4767;;the mcis directive came just days after prime minister narendramodi spoke of putting in place a legal framework to ensure that doctors prescribed low-cost generic medicines to patients.
;;0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi had promised rs 11,000 crore to build and improve roads leading to these four sites before the assembly elections.
;;-0.1027;;he questioned that why didnt prime minister narendramodi come to jehanabad to campaign for jd (u)s chandravanshi.
;;0.4767;;the system has been developed under prime minister narendramodi modis ambitious digiyatra scheme.
;;0.4588;;she said the result of the bypoll to dholpur assembly seat has shown that people want to connect with dreams of prime minster narendramodi and thus voted for development.
;;0.4472;;governments digital drive to further cashless transactions followed prime minister narendramodi modis announcement of demonetisation of rs 500/1,000 notes, which left common man with little cash in hand.
;;0.0;;women and children welfare continues to be a key thrust area of the narendramodi government.
;;0.4588;;the leg up to the maternity benefit scheme follows the announcement made by prime minister narendramodi on december 31 to transfer rs 6,000 crore to the bank accounts of pregnant women across 650 districts of india.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi has, however, gone on record to praise the community for its religious tolerance and universal brotherhood.
;;0.7506;;interestingly, one of the religious leaders quaderi seeks inspiration from is bengals fatwa imam noor-ur-rehman barkati, who has issued fatwa against a number of personalities including prime minister narendramodi and exiled bangladeshi writer taslima nasreen.
;;-0.296;;it remains uncertain whether prime minister narendramodi will be travelling to palestine when he goes to israel, possibly in june.
;;0.8555;;yeddyurappa said it was clear that the presence of prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah was helping sway opinion in favour of the party ahead of the may 12 elections.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi presented on friday his governments three-year report card, listing several achievements on the social and economic fronts, including transformation of the countrys agriculture sector, which he said will double farmers income by 2022.
;;0.802;;chief minister devendra fadnavis, who called it an unprecedented victory for the bjp and a vote in favour of prime minister narendramodi modis agenda for transparency and development, said, it is clear that the transparency agenda that we flagged got a lot of support from citizens.
;;0.8934;;prime minister narendramodi has adopted a divide and rule strategy to create a rift in the sp-bsp-rld alliance to save the bjps honour in the next three phases of the lok sabha polls, bahujan samaj party chief mayawati said on sunday.
;;0.0;;the official said the meeting also reviewed 63 developmental projects from 15 central ministries that are part of the rs 80,000 crore package for jammu and kashmir announced by prime minister narendramodi in november, 2015.
;;0.0;;another session of the meeting will be held on thursday evening, to discuss the implementation of the development package for the state announced by prime minister narendramodi and the continuous unrest in the valley.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi and bihar chief minister nitish kumar have similar pattern of functioning on issues of development, this similarity is despite the diametrically opposite political views that these two leaders subscribe to, said boillot, while addressing the lecture on arthashastra - the paradox of modernity in ancient times & beyond, on the occasion of silver jubilee celebrations of asian development research institute (adri) here on friday.
;;0.0772;;while hailing the valour of punjabis and their ability to remain happy in all circumstances, she launched a vitriolic attack on prime minister narendramodi by asking the audience whether they wanted a prime minister who was using martyrs for political purposes or some one who was son of a martyr.
;;0.5267;;but we are protesting against bhattacharyas comment by adding driver to our names, much like what bjp supporters did during the last election to show support to prime minister narendramodi , said a teacher from jorhat refusing to disclose his identity.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi said thursday the ties between india and japan have become stronger from the time the two countries cooperated to make a car to coming together to manufacture the bullet trains.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi , on thursday, came down heavily on black money hoarders and corrupt persons, saying those who had robbed the poor would have to return them their money.
;;-0.296;;rahul, who has been at the forefront of attacks against prime minister narendramodi and the nda government on demonetisation that also brought several opposition parties together, is expected to unveil the second phase of its nationwide agitation programme on the issue.
;;0.0516;;jaitley said gandhis claim accusing prime minister narendramodi of waiving loans worth rs 2.
;;0.7184;;the clean india mission has become a mass movement and over 100 districts across the country have become open defecation free (odf), prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/1x85ocohoh  narendramodi (@narendramodi) march 8, 2017there are three odf states, 101 such districts and 1,67,226 such villages in the country.
;;-0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi said on last friday he will never be able to forgive thakur for insulting mahatma gandhi.
;;0.4215;;5  from 54  in 2014, the winning margin for most of its candidates was also higher than it was five years ago, indicating that they primarily voted for prime minister narendramodi , who had addressed eight rallies in the run up to polls focusing on nationalism, national security and attacking the people-friendly image of chief minister ashok gehlot.
;;0.4019;;with prime minister narendramodi inaugurating the alliance air shimla-delhi flight at the scenic jubbar hatti airport atop a hill, 35 km from here, on thursday morning, himachal pradesh tourism is set to get a boost.
;;0.1027;;the analysis by john hemmings has been released in the context of the recent visit of prime minister narendramodi when, for the first time, the phrase indo-pacific was mentioned in an india-uk defence statement on future plans of the royal navy and indian navy.
;;0.0;;the president along with the crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan and prime minister narendramodi were seated in the ashoka hall while the remaining guests were accommodated in other three places.
;;0.5106;;delhiupdated: aug 13, 2019 01:11 istamid the controversy over the demolition of a guru ravidas temple in a forest in tughlaqabad, delhi social welfare minister rajendra pal gautan on monday sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention in ensuring that the land be returned to the community to rebuild the place of worship.
;;-0.296;;presence of jd(u) mlc manorama devi, an accused in liquor haul case, at the dais of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister nitish kumar here on april 2 has caused a flutter in the local political circles, particularly in the nda camp.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , he added.
;;-0.4588;;lavasa, who disagreed with the poll panels decision to give clean chits to prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah for alleged mcc violations, recused himself from all such meetings till the commission includes minority decisions in the final orders.
;;0.4019;;the abolition of triple talaq will contribute to women empowerment and give women the dignity they deserve in our society, prime minister narendramodi said on twitter.
;;0.0;;stating that prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah have set up a goal of setting up at least six aiims in uttar pradesh, the chief minister said he would ask the medical education minister ashutosh tandon to prepare a proposal for kgmu and table the same in the assembly.
;;0.4019;;tharoors remarks came after prime minister narendramodi led his bharatiya janata party towards what looks set to be a resounding victory for a second term in office.
;;-0.4404;;video of a man seeking help from the prime minister narendramodi , saying that he has been threatened for not paying the bookies after losing money in cricket betting, has prompted rajkot police to take action.
;;-0.6249;;indiaupdated: jul 31, 2019 21:28 istindia and the uk will jointly launch a new global coalition for disaster resilient infrastructure, first mooted by prime minister narendramodi , on the margins of the un general assembly in september, british envoy dominic asquith said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis phrase, one nation, one election, sounds beguiling and perhaps thats why many people think theyve understood it.
;;0.2023;;the former chief minister hd kumaraswamy said: power is not permanent, even for narendramodi and jp nadda.
;;0.8402;;from a whatsapp call from prime minister narendramodi on diwali, celebrating birthdays on the high seas, to being pounded by hurricanes and monstrous waves in the pacific ocean, the past 254 days were quite a roller coaster for the women of insv tarini who received a heros welcome on their return to goa on monday.
;;-0.296;;in an informal media interaction at dera baba nanak, the chief minister said that he had sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention to pressure pakistan into withdrawing its proposed service charge.
;;0.5574;;in 2015, the congress leader had landed in a controversy when he was perceived to praise prime minister narendramodi for the bjps performance in the 2014 national elections.
;;0.0;;delhi: prime minister narendramodi launches #fitindiamovement from indira gandhi stadium, on the occasion of #nationalsportsday.
;;0.6124;;10:20 am ist prime minister narendramodi at the launch of fit india movement at indira gandhi stadium prime minister narendramodi at the launch of fit india movement at indira gandhi stadium, on the occasion of national sports day.
;;0.0;;delhi: prime minister narendramodi at the launch of #fitindiamovement at indira gandhi stadium, on the occasion of #nationalsportsday.
;;0.3612;;10:05 am ist pm modi arrives at indira gandhi indoor stadium pm narendramodi arrives at indira gandhi indoor stadium for the launch of fit india movement.
;;-0.6808;;with the country gearing up for the sixth phase of voting for the lok sabha elections 2019 on sunday, prime minister narendramodi has said the award-wapsi gang has shied away from standing up for the dalit woman who was raped in alwar last month.
;;-0.296;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday flagged off the first rs 2,500-an-hour flight from shimla as part of an udan scheme that makes air travel accessible to lower middle class families.
;;0.0;;20 pm: pm narendramodi begins his public address in shimla.
;;0.3818;;rahul gandhi on tuesday said that prime minister narendramodi must tell the nation what transpired in his meeting with donald trump after the us presidents stunning claim that the indian pm has asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue.
;;0.5106;;the bjp notice for his action last month came soon after prime minister narendramodi signalled his strong disapproval of the first-time legislators conduct.
;;0.2144;;it is ironic that prime minister narendramodi speaks about waging war against corruption but was personally engaged in bringing together two corrupt politicians in tamil nadu, stalin said.
;;-0.0516;;at a time when prime minister narendramodi and his government are aggressively promoting khadi, the maharashtra government has been withholding the fifth pay commission arrears of about 500 employees of the state khadi board since 1996.
;;-0.1655;;we had hoped that a farmers death would bring prime minister narendramodi out to meet us, but it is not to be so.
;;0.7783;;the decision of the cabinet comes nearly a month after chief justice of india ranjan gogoi wrote to prime minister narendramodi seeking an increase in the number of judges in the top court.
;;-0.8316;;prime minister narendramodi went to lahore and it was followed by the pathankot terrorist attack and today in jurian.
;;-0.2059;;chief minister arvind kejriwal on saturday said the aam aadmi party (aap) government in delhi had written to prime minister narendramodi modis office (pmo) for 85  reservation for delhi voters in jobs and colleges, but the pmo did not agree.
;;-0.5574;;the gesture assumes significance in the context of the sena and thackerays bitter criticism of prime minister narendramodi and shah in the past.
;;-0.128;;prime minister narendramodi , bjp veteran lk advani and leaders cutting across political lines attended the event.
;;0.5994;;however, the prime minister narendramodi was alert and watchful that the party didnt deviate from its path, she added.
;;-0.25;;ye jauhar (a practice of self-immolation by rajput women to protect their honour) ki jwala hai, bahut kuch jal jayega (a lot would get burnt in the flames) if the film is released, kalvi said, adding that the outfit has urged prime minister narendramodi to ban the film in the entire country.
;;0.4588;;though banks were able to broker a temporary truce on card acceptance  which makes for 30  to 40  of transactions at pumps  the development can have a lingering impact of prime minister narendramodi modis cashless and digital india campaigns.
;;0.0;;although the country may have achieved the 100  village electrification target as informed by prime minister narendramodi through a tweet on sunday, this does not necessarily mean that every rural household in the state has power now.
;;0.1027;;his remarks contradict the slogan prime minister narendramodi and the bharatiya janata party had used while campaigning for the 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.4019;;union ministers narendramodi singh tomar and thaver chand gehlot, bjp national vice-president prabhat jha, national general secretary kailash vijayvargiya, chouhans ministerial colleagues and several senior party leaders flanked the chief minister, befitting the occasion.
;;0.1695;;he also did not forget to remind the gathering how concerned prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah were about chief ministers health.
;;0.0;;information commissioner m sridhar acharyulu has been divested of human resource development (hrd) ministry charge, days after he ordered delhi university to make public records of ba students of 1978, the year in which prime minister narendramodi had passed out.
;;0.5719;;tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam on saturday thanked prime minister narendramodi for his support to jallikattu, an emotive issue which triggered mass protests across the state.
;;0.7906;;interestingly, both parties are claiming credit for the circuit bench of the calcutta high court that was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in february.
;;0.0;;but this time, we are listening to news about prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi etc, he added.
;;0.8402;;a win in up will bolster prime minister narendramodi modis chances of winning the second term when the lok sabha elections are held in 2019.
;;0.5423;;india and indonesia on wednesday agreed to step up their defence and maritime cooperation, raising the level of their ties to a comprehensive strategic partnership after the meeting in jakarta between prime minister narendramodi and indonesian president joko widodo.
;;-0.6369;;the congress and other opposition parties on thursday forced adjournment of rajya sabha twice demanding an apology from prime minister narendramodi over his remarks insulting his predecessors.
;;0.0;;european investment bank president werner hoyer on friday called on prime minister narendramodi and discussed indias funding requirement for environment-friendly projects.
;;-0.4767;;amid tensions in sino-india ties, prime minister narendramodi stressed the need to respect each other's core concerns and appropriately handle the disputes in his meeting with chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi on a two-day visit to gujaratprime minister narendramodi leaves for gujarat today to inaugurate some developmental projects and attend the annual meeting of the african development bank (afdb) group.
;;-0.8225;;pakistan mystery caller offers rs 50 crore to man for killing pm modimadhya pradesh police registered a case against unknown people on saturday after a youth in satna district received a call from a man who allegedly offered him rs 50 crore to join them in killing prime minister narendramodi at a rally.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 12, 2019 10:35 istpramod kumar mishra was appointed principal secretary to prime minister narendramodi on wednesday.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday paid a courtesy call to german president frank-walter steinmeier at his official residence in berlin before leaving for spain on the second leg of his four-nation trip.
;;0.0;;stressing the importance of information technology and communication in changing times, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that courts could use video conferencing to communicate with government officials instead of summoning them to appear in court, saving time and money.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi and chief justice of india js khehar light the ceremonial lamp at the closing ceremony of the sesquicentennial celebrations of the allahabad high court on sunday.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi , chief justice of india js khehar, union minister ravi shankar prasad, up governor ram naik and cm yogi adityanath at the sesquicentennial celebrations of allahabad high court on sunday.
;;0.5267;;pm narendramodi , chief justice of india js khehar, up governor ram naik and cm yogi adityanath release a souvenir at the sesquicentennial celebrations of the allahabad high court on sunday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping will have free-flowing discussions on a wide range of topics in their several one-on-one meetings during an informal summit in wuhan later this week, officials said in beijing on tuesday.
;;0.4939;;highlights of pm narendramodi addressing a public meeting in mathura:* brajbhoomi has always inspired the world, humanity and life.
;;0.4019;;singh replaces mahendra nath pandey, 61, who had to quit after his appointment as a union minister in narendramodi government as part of one-man, one-post principle that the party follows.
;;0.4404;;kurmis or patels are influential in eastern up, especially the area in and around varanasi, prime minister narendramodi modis lok sabha constituency.
;;0.5574;;during his election campaign, prime minister narendramodi was just about the only foreign leader to receive praise from candidate trump, other than russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;the fishermen waved black flags at the prime minister narendramodi on his visit last year.
;;-0.5267;;to another question pertaining to congress president rahul gandhis remarks against prime minister narendramodi , he said every one in the country knew who is a thief.
;;0.4019;;he further said that every minister had been given duties and asked to be present at mein bhi chowkidar event of the party that would be addressed by prime minister narendramodi at 11 places in all the 10 lok sabha constituencies.
;;-0.5719;;the assertion, however, is debatable as prasads many tweets on issues like demonetisation and swipes at prime minister narendramodi have evoked angry reaction for its purported harsh language.
;;-0.5994;;the nation on monday remembered gandhi on his 69th death anniversary with president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi leading the country in paying homage to the father of the nation.
;;-0.296;;december 6: at her funeral, vk sasikala and her family, many of whom jayalalithaa despised, surround her body and welcome prime minister narendramodi and others.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi is advising partymen to stay away from promoting dynastic politics whereas his own partys list of candidates for uttarakhand seems to promote the malaise, rawat told reporters here.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi and prime minister theresa may discussed extradition cases of individuals sought by both countries during the formers visit to london earlier this month, with modi mainly mentioningthose of economic offenders such as mallya.
;;0.7269;;thackeray, who shared the stage with prime minister narendramodi on tuesday in latur, said that staunch hindus are happy.
;;-0.4588;;banerjee also refrained from attacking prime minister narendramodi and and bjp president amit shah, named the bjp only a few times and referred to the rss as a saffron outfit.
;;0.34;;in his independence day speech, prime minister narendramodi said the government was determined to make india a $5 trillion economy in the next five years through several initiatives, including rs 100 lakh crore of investment in infrastructure.
;;0.0772;;thackeray has been opposed to prime minister narendramodi modis ambitious bullet train project, and has been particularly vocal about it in since the elphinstone road station stampede in september 2017.
;;0.0;;watch: pok a part of india, expect to have jurisdiction over it: jaishankarhe also virtually ruled out meetings between prime minister narendramodi and his pakistani counterpart imran khan on the margins of the upcoming un general assembly in new york.
;;0.0;;some bpcc leaders said that rahul had offered to visit sasaram on the same day, but local leaders requested him to reschedule the programme in view of prime minister narendramodi modis public meeting there on the same day.
;;0.5106;;indiaupdated: sep 17, 2019 07:55 istexternal affairs minister s jaishankar extended his birthday wishes to prime minister narendramodi on tuesday morning and prayed for his long and healthy life.
;;0.7964;;watch: how has narendramodi celebrated his birthday since becoming pmconsidered as pm modis one of the favourite diplomats of pm modi, jaishankar was given charge of ministry of external affairs in pm modis cabinet in may this year after bjps triumphant return to power.
;;-0.1027;;q: people in the state are unhappy owing to the massive cash crunch caused by prime minister narendramodi modis move to recall high value currency notes.
;;0.2732;;the recommendation assumes significance as president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi have pitched for simultaneous lok sabha and assembly polls.
;;0.0;;trump and prime minister narendramodi are expected to meet sometime later this year.
;;0.0;;kalimullaha, 74, who had earlier named mangoes after prime minister narendramodi and actresses, has developed the yogi mango in his orchard in the dussehri mango belt in malihabad area.
;;0.5106;;the drama in the assembly began early on wednesday, when bjp member and leader of the opposition, gopal bhargava, claimed the party could topple the congress administration in 24 hours if instructions from the number 1 and number 2  a possible reference to prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah -- were received.
;;0.0;;in up under chief minister yogi adityanath and in the country under prime minister narendramodi several steps have been taken to address the issue.
;;0.4019;;a commentary of nearly five minutes, devoted to reconstruction work carried out at the shrine town under prime minister narendramodi modis directive, was dropped, said the chairman of the badri kedar temple committee (bktc), an umbrella organisation that manages badrinath and kedarnath shrines.
;;-0.7717;;a three-month pregnant woman has written to prime minister narendramodi urging him to end the practice of triple talaq after her husband abandoned her fearing she may give birth to a girl again.
;;-0.6705;;the malaysian prime minister on tuesday set up a controversy over the fugitive wanted in india on terror charges by his claim that prime minister narendramodi did not raise his extradition at their meeting earlier this month.
;;-0.4588;;also watch | pm modi didnt seek zakir naiks extradition: malaysian pmjaishankars statement came in the wake of malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad on tuesday rejecting the claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked for the islamic preacher to be extradited to india.
;;-0.7184;;the attack came a week after indian prime minister narendramodi made an impromptu visit to pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif, in a bid to revive bilateral talks that had previously been derailed by militant attacks.
;;0.0;;businessupdated: aug 29, 2019 14:43 istindias oil and steel minister minister dharmendra pradhan will be visiting moscow on thursday and friday, ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis impending visit to vladivostok.
;;0.7269;;they should actively take the programmes of the party as well as the narendramodi government such as swachch abhiyan and tree plantation to the people.
;;0.0;;under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , india is going to be the third largest economy in the world with five trillion dollars by 2022, he said.
;;-0.4588;;kumar also described siddaramaiah in one of his twitter posts as seedha rupaiah apparently taking cue from prime minister narendramodi , who had in february attacked siddaramaiah government as seedha rupaiah sarkar.
;;0.5994;;bjp leaders here indicated that the choice will be made by the partys parliamentary board absolutely on the basis of the persons ability to deliver on the promises made by prime minister narendramodi to the people of the state in the run-up to assembly elections.
;;-0.1779;;one of the gaps in the congresss campaign so far has been its inability to confront prime minister narendramodi and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on three issues.
;;0.0603;;we have embraced the call for cleanliness by prime minister narendramodi in all its aspects and have resolved not only to clean up the offices, but also to have clear and clean conduct and contribute financially to give further impetus to the swachh bharat abhiyan, jayant misra, general secretary of irs association said.
;;0.0;;at niti aayog meetinggehlot also asked prime minister narendramodi to declare the eastern rajasthan canal project (ercp) a national project.
;;0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi had on wednesday announced that india successfully test-fired an anti-satellite missile by shooting down a live satellite, describing it as a rare achievement that puts the country in an exclusive club of space super powers.
;;0.7783;;the chief justice of india, ranjan gogoi, too, recently wrote to prime minister narendramodi , requesting the government to increase the number of judges in the top court.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at prime minister narendramodi , the tdp president said modi was a campaign pm and would only talk but not deliver any goods.
;;0.7003;;india fastest growing economy under modi: cmgorakhpur: showering praises on prime minister narendramodi for taking the country on the path of development, the cm said that under the leadership of the pm, the country was emerging as the fastest growing economy in the world.
;;-0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi modis shock decision last november to outlaw high value old banknotes took 86  of currency out of circulation virtually overnight.
;;-0.296;;columnsupdated: sep 06, 2019 22:57 istdays after prime minister narendramodi spoke of indias population explosion in his independence day speech, an rss-backed organisation declared that there was no need for sex education in schools.
;;0.0;;apart from prime minister narendramodi , at least 15 union ministers, four bjp governors, six chief ministers of bjp-ruled states, their allies and saffron cadres from across the country are also expected for the swearing-in.
;;0.0;;pms route plan yet to be finalisedthe route plan for prime minister narendramodi from amausi airport to the venue is yet to be finalised.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced that the loan would be waived in the first meeting of state cabinet.
;;-0.25;;according to a pti report, mastan had kicked up a controversy by asking a crowd gathered at a programme at his amour assembly constituency in purnia district on february 22 to protest the centres demonetisation move and to beat the photograph of prime minister narendramodi with shoes.
;;0.7506;;party leader shaina nc said prime minister narendramodi has made it clear that there is no space in a free and elected democratic society for people who choose to be the so-called moral custodians.
;;-0.0772;;he also took potshots at prime minister narendramodi for failing to fulfill his poll promises and putting millions to inconvenience with the currency recall decision.
;;0.7003;;he had written to prime minister narendramodi seeking a special flood relief package of 1,000 crore for the state.
;;0.5994;;the lotus painting incident came soon after prime minister narendramodi warmly praised kumar for his prohibition drive, at a public function, which was followed by an invitation extended to bjp leaders by jd (u) state president bashishtha narayan singh for the makar sankranti feast, which was later cancelled.
;;0.2732;;in 2017, prime minister narendramodi had famously coined the phrase harvard versus hard work when dismissing the forecasts of well-known economists like amartya sen about the impact of demonetisation.
;;0.0;;if narendramodi once sold tea to make ends meet, dr singh is from a migrant family from pakistan and walked miles to school every day.
;;0.0;;with 115 lok sabha seats  the most in any phase in this summers parliamentary elections  including all 26 from his home state gujarat set to go to the polls on april 23, prime minister narendramodi will have to take a call this week on whether he inaugurates the first hindu temple in abu dhabi by video, or in person on april 19-20.
;;0.8591;;announcing the highest decoration for pm modi, crown prince sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan tweeted: we have historical and comprehensive strategic ties with india, reinforced by the pivotal role of my dear friend, prime minister narendramodi , who gave these relations a big boost.
;;0.0;;in 2014, the year narendramodi became prime minister, its membership jumped by a whopping nine lakh.
;;-0.6705;;after dubbing prime minister narendramodi as mr negative dalit man, bsp chief mayawati on tuesday charged him and bjp with trying to give casteist and communal tinge to the poll campaign in uttar pradesh.
;;0.0772;;read: sonu nigam tweets more clarification: mentioned temples, gurudwaras toohowever, noor-ur-rehman barkati, the imam of tipu sultan mosque of kolkata who is also known as the fatwa imam having given fatwas against a number of persons including prime minister narendramodi and author taslima nasreen, told ht that it was not a fatwa.
;;0.6597;;for a party that was long-ridiculed as the signboard party in odisha, prime minister narendramodi modis congratulatory message at an election rally at kannauj on wednesday must have come as music to bjp leaders in the state.
;;-0.3818;;in a sharp reaction to prime minister narendramodi modis warning to congressmen that he had prepared dossiers on them, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on saturday warned that even he had modis horoscope.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis government unexpectedly scrapped high-value notes in circulation in november, a move that left farmers, traders and companies who rely on cash transactions in a quandary.
;;-0.6908;;yadav, whose self-shot videos about bad quality food served to jawans went viral, has now appealed to prime minister narendramodi for support, saying he is being mentally tortured as he exposed corruption in the force.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is preparing to mortgage indias symbol of independence, the red fort to corporates.
;;0.0;;data from reserved constituencies in both states indicated that dalits had voted on state-specific issues and based on the appeal of leaders such as congress amarinder singh and prime minister narendramodi , instead of any pan-india narrative.
;;0.3818;;india will need $1 trillion of infrastructure investment to nudge annual gdp growth higher by just half a percentage point in prime minister narendramodi modis second five-year term.
;;0.0;;the larger issue is to make narendramodi prime minister again, said a senior jd (u) leader.
;;0.5267;;bjp is committed to development of bihar and in last five years, prime minister narendramodi has done a lot for all-round development of the state and given huge amount to all sectors, said bjps spokesperson nikhil anand.
;;0.296;;in a report to prime minister narendramodi , the nsa said residents of the state were supportive of centres initiative to scrap article 370.
;;0.7522;;this is in line with prime minister narendramodi modis assertion, na khaunga na khane dunga [will neither steal, nor allow anyone else to] and a strong message has been sent in the system to shun corrupt practices at all levels immediately, said a government official aware of the specifics of the crackdown, asking not to be named.
;;-0.0516;;read full story hereamarinder singh likely to meet pm modi, arun jaitley; urge them to raise punjabs borrowing limitpunjab chief minister amarinder singh is likely to meet prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley in new delhi and urge them to increase the states borrowing limit to enable it to implement the farm debt waiver scheme, officials said on sunday.
;;0.0;;jagat prakash nadda, the former health minister who had stayed out of prime minister narendramodi new cabinet, has been appointed the ruling bharatiya janata partys working president.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted his endorsement of nadas appointment.
;;0.4019;;twitter.com/1yyq80n2lo  narendramodi (@narendramodi) june 17, 2019a rajya sabha member from himachal pradesh, nadda will be formally elected as the chief of the ruling party after the partys membership drive and organisational elections are over by december-january.
;;0.0;;nadda made his entry in the rajya sabha in 2012 and was appointed a minister in the narendramodi government in the first expansion of the council of ministers in november 2014.
;;0.0;;nadda was in contention for the bjp presidents post in 2014 after rajnath singh became the home minister in narendramodi modis first term as prime minister.
;;-0.3182;;however, he lost out to amit shah who was prime minister narendramodi modis choice for the bjp president post then.
;;0.4404;;the congress party has approached the supreme court seeking action against prime minister narendramodi and bjps president amit shah alleging they violated the model code of conduct during election rallies.
;;-0.1531;;also watch | lok sabha elections 2019: watch out for these big fights in phase 4chief justice ranjan gogoi asked singhvi who committed the poll violations to which he replied pm narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;ahead of the fourth yoga day celebrations on 21 june, prime minister narendramodi tweeted two more videos on thursday that demonstrate dhyana (meditation) and nadishodhan pranayama.
;;-0.6908;;having completed three years in office last week, prime minister narendramodi could view the gross domestic product figures with some satisfaction after the doubts raised by his shock decision last november to scrap high-value banknotes in a move to flush out all the money indians hide from the taxman.
;;0.0;;once the agenda is finalised by the aayog after obtaining comments of chief ministers, it would be referred to the prime minister narendramodi , who is the chairman of the aayog.
;;-0.3818;;back in bengal on the campaign trail, prime minister narendramodi on thursday launched a scathing attack at chief minister mamata banerjee for her governance record.
;;0.296;;sharad pawar, in his speech after being appointed national president, taunted prime minister narendramodi for his silence on vital issues.
;;-0.2755;;57am: prime minister narendramodi does not like to discuss fundamental issues, alleges rahul gandhi.
;;0.6046;;speaking at an election rally in indore later, prime minister narendramodi launched an attack on gandhi, saying dynasty can take him to the top position of a party, but it doesnt bring vision and wisdom.
;;-0.128;;congress leader mani shankar aiyar was back in the news on tuesday with an article justifying his neech jibe against prime minister narendramodi two years ago, prompting the bjp to call him abuser-in-chief and his party arrogant.
;;0.4019;;she appealed to prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath for help.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to inaugurate the centre during his uttarakhand visit on wednesday.
;;0.8481;;shiv sena takes jibes at bjps pm narendramodi , compares him to alexander the great, napoleonthe shiv sena on monday took jibes at prime minister narendramodi in an editorial in its mouthpiece, saamana, by indirectly comparing his tenure to the era of alexander the great and napoleon bonaparte.
;;0.3818;;senior congress leader digvijaya singh, who contested from the bhopal seat against thakur, said prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah should apologise over thakurs remark.
;;0.0;;sitharaman also said that during the general elections, a campaign was waged that said prime minister narendramodi has given offset money to someone.
;;0.4019;;a woman bjp mla from rajasthan has written to prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah, alleging misbehaviour by another legislator and seeking action against him.
;;0.6808;;i feel proud to have been a chaiwalla like prime minister narendramodi , said singh, who belongs to the sikh malhar community and is delhis first sikh dalit mayor.
;;0.4215;;united states president donald trump, at a meeting with pakistan prime minister imran khan, on monday, claimed prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on kashmir.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi on sunday addressed a public meeting in udhampur in jammu and kashmir after inaugurating the countrys longest road tunnel, the chenani-nashri tunnel, in the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi to address a public meeting in jammu and kashmir's udhampur shortly pic.
;;0.0;;3:40 pm: pm narendramodi inaugurates chenani-nashri tunnel in the jammu-srinagar highway.
;;0.3182;;watch | pm modi speaks at allahabad hc12:35pm: prime minister narendramodi starts his address, says law has to be fair for all.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday reviewed the preparedness for cyclone fani and ordered the administration to maintain close coordination with officials of the affected states to ensure proper preventive measures, a government statement said.
;;0.0;;in the final phase of campaigning before voting in the last and seventh phase of lok sabha elections 2019 scheduled for may 19, prime minister narendramodi will on monday address multiple rallies across madhya pradesh, himachal pradesh and punjab.
;;0.0;;11:45 am ist pm modi addresses poll rally in madhya pradesh pm narendramodi is currently addressing a poll rally in madhya pradeshs ratlam.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will be coming to barmer on january 16, where he will lay down the foundation of oil refinery proposed at pachpadra.
;;0.7717;;the swift approval of projects that had languished for years came after prime minister narendramodi suggested last year that sharing the waterways could be conditional on pakistan clamping down on anti-india militants that new delhi says it shelters.
;;0.1027;;parrikar was goa chief minister before joining the narendramodi government as defence minister in november 2014.
;;0.0;;the final call on parrikars return will be taken at a meeting of the bjp parliamentary board headed by prime minister narendramodi on sunday evening.
;;0.0;;the bjp had projected parrikar as its face in goa but didnt declare him the chief ministerial candidate because prime minister narendramodi wanted him to continue in the union cabinet.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi modis informal summitry seems to have earned a small prize by way of an announcement by russian leader vladimir putin that his country, china and india would be designated major players within the eight-member shanghai cooperation organisation (sco).
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 10:45 istprime minister narendramodi spoke on the need for population control during his independence speech from the ramparts of red fort.
;;0.128;;referring to prime minister narendramodi modis appeal to first time voters that they should keep in mind the sacrifice of martyrs while casting vote, jaitley said no party or candidate was mentioned.
;;-0.1779;;dalit mp chhotelal kharwar wrote to prime minister narendramodi claiming that top leaders in up bjp were not listening to the grievances flagged by him.
;;0.7003;;the union cabinet led by prime minister narendramodi is all set to clear the third phase of the pradhan mantri gram sadak yojana (pmgsy), the flagship rural road scheme, with a focus on improving connectivity between villages and agricultural markets.
;;0.0;;on friday, prime minister narendramodi chose to forcefully raise the issue of declining academic standards in up from his rally in gonda where modi said contracts for mass copying are taken.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis radio programme mann ki baat will resume today almost a month after the pm returned to power.
;;0.8074;;enthused by stunning performance in the lok sabha elections, the bjp is planning to take prime minister narendramodi modis monthly radio programme to more people this time by making special arrangements and utilising all possible means.
;;-0.1027;;chandigarhupdated: sep 19, 2019 00:56 istshiromani akali dal president sukhbir singh badal on wednesday sought intervention of prime minister narendramodi to ensure expeditious and across-the-board release of all sikh prisoners languishing in different jails in the country even after serving the full term of their sentence.
;;0.5994;;jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti called on prime minister narendramodi on friday who she said assured her of no fidgeting with article 370, which grants special status to her state.
;;0.3919;;but the measures by prime minister narendramodi modis government have triggered the same objections from market participants in mumbai that can be heard on wall street -- that at the end of the day, the policy does little to redirect corporate energy toward investment.
;;0.7964;;in his new role, baluni will work on improving the relation between the party and media and also evolve a communication strategy to popularise the welfare schemes for the narendramodi government.
;;0.4767;;closely associated with the rss, baluni is known as a soft-spoken leader and a backroom boy whose management skills impressed prime minister narendramodi and shah.
;;0.3612;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 11:00 istprime minister narendramodi modis address on independence day saw him appeal to the people to join hands to take on the challenges faced by the country.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi also encouraged domestic tourism in his independence day speech.
;;0.3818;;pm narendramodi appealed to the nation to protect mother earth by reducing the use of chemical fertilizers and products.
;;0.4939;;he called prime minister narendramodi a friend of balochistan.
;;0.8658;;the dalai lamas high praise has further boosted kumars stature, coming as it does close on the heels of fulsome praise for the step from prime minister narendramodi on january 5.
;;0.7845;;he said the document which envisions clean governance for uttarakhand is in sync with prime minister narendramodi modis commitment for accelerating the country along the highway of growth.
;;0.3818;;the 14-page document with the pictures of narendramodi and amit shah on the cover besides those of the five mps, former chief minister vijay bahuguna, satpal maharaj and pradesh bjp president ajay bhatt on the cover promises to develop the state as an education hub by reviewing the education policy and putting in place an education system with emphasis on quality.
;;0.0;;besides, prime minister narendramodi addressed a rally in haridwar on friday.
;;0.3182;;during prime minister narendramodi modis visit in november 2015, he showered fulsome praise on him and indias democratic credentials, but qualified it with a condition.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis 2019 poll campaign mirrors his 2014 general election debut in terms of the ground he has covered through public meetings and rallies.
;;0.0;;modi magic is evident all over the country and the present election campaign is built around the persona and performance of narendramodi , said bjps rajya sabha mp gvl narasimha rao.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi approved ex-gratia relief of rs 2 lakh each for the next of kin of those killed in the dust storm on wednesday.
;;-0.4767;;the former minister had opted out of the government citing poor health when the second national democratic alliance (nda) government headed by prime minister narendramodi took oath.
;;-0.34;;prime minister narendramodi mourned the death of arun jaitley, saying he has lost a valued friend.
;;0.1027;;on the occasion of ambedkar jayanti on friday, prime minister narendramodi reached nagpur where he visited a sacred place, deekshabhoomi, closely associated with the dalit icondeekshabhoomi is a sacred buddhist monument where the architect of the indian constituency converted to buddhism on the occasion of ashok vijaya dashami on october 14, 1956.
;;-0.1779;;the hc judge has been writing letters to prime minister narendramodi , law minister ravi shankar and the cji accusing sitting and retired judges of corruption.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that the indian army cannot wait for clearance from the election commission of india (ec) to take action against terrorists.
;;0.7543;;this despair is the real mann ki baat, but instead of understanding it, it is made fun of, the shiv sena said in a veiled taunt at prime minister narendramodi modis public outreach radio programme.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi made it a point to speak about the importance of countering terrorism in what amounted to indias inaugural address as an sco member.
;;0.34;;the pakistani portal said the match was played on april 2, the day prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the chenani-nashri tunnel, the countrys longest on the strategic jammu-srinagar national highway  the sole surface link that connects kashmir valley with the rest of india.
;;0.4215;;prior to the presentation, the union cabinet headed by prime minister narendramodi approved the budget for 2019-20.
;;0.6486;;already unnerved by the growing bonhomie between the bjp and the jd (u) and exchange of praise between prime minister narendramodi and chief minister nitish kumar at the recently concluded prakash parv of guru gobind singh, choudhary said he would not attend the jd (u) feast as he would be out of the state capital on sunday.
;;0.7184;;senior bjp leader and former deputy chief minister sushil modi, however said, leaders of his party would definitely attend the jd (u) feast if the invite was not withdrawn, as it did with narendramodi in 2010.
;;0.0;;government sources said prime minister narendramodi spoke with jaitley, hours before he underwent the kidney transplant.
;;0.4019;;the portfolio distribution came a day after adityanaths visit to delhi, where he met prime minister narendramodi and bharatiya janata party national president amit shah.
;;0.0;;while speaking to reporters, gandhi slammed prime minister narendramodi for not talking about employment for youth and farmers.
;;0.4767;;the winners will be felicitated by prime minister narendramodi on april 14 at nagpur on the occasion of ambedkar jayanti.
;;0.0;;the council also wants to rename teen murti chowk as teen murti haifa chowk ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to israel in july.
;;0.2732;;this comes after pakistan media, citing diplomatic sources, reported that prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister s jaishankar had, in reply to congratulatory messages, expressed willingness to hold talks with the neighbouring country.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to launch the scheme on august 15 or october 2 this year.
;;0.875;;2) from a leader who limited exposure to media, people saw may up close and personal during the campaign; opinion divided whether they liked her or not3) increased new registrations by young voters enthused by corbyns promise of scrapping tuition fees4) conservative party releasing a slick video titled theresa ke saath with a hindi song and images of indian prime minister narendramodi to appeal to the british indian community5) may performing abhishek in a hindu temple; corbyn wearing saffron headgear during a gurdwara visit1.
;;0.5423;;all eyes will be on uttar pradesh on thursday, the day of counting of votes, when the fate of top leaders including prime minister narendramodi , upa chairperson sonia gandhi, congress chief rahul gandhi, samajwadi party patron mulayam singh yadav and president akhilesh yadav, rld chief ajit singh and his son jayant chaudhary will be decided.
;;0.0;;follow live updates here:10:45 am ist pm narendramodi is leading in varanasi with over 1 lakh votes pm narendramodi is leading in varanasi with 105874 votes.
;;0.0;;10:34 am ist pm narendramodi leaves mgb candidate shalini yadav way behind narendramodi of bjp leaves the alliance candidate far behind.
;;0.0;;#resultswithht#verdict2019 #electionresults2019  ht uttar pradesh (@htuttarpradesh) may 23, 201910:02 am ist pm modi leading by 50,000 votes at varanasi seat in 3rd round of counting prime minister narendramodi is leading by 50,000 votes at varanasi seat in the third round of counting.
;;0.0;;read here09:37 am ist pm narendramodi ahead with 19380 votes in varanasi pm narendramodi is leading with 19380 votes in varanasi while the alliance candidate shalini has 9963 votes and, congress candidate ajay rai has 1370 votes.
;;0.0;;09:12 am ist narendramodi leading in varanasi by 11k votes prime minister narendramodi is leading in varanasi by over 11,000 votes.
;;-0.3425;;pm narendramodi has contested from bjp for the varanasi seat against ajay rai from congress08:30 am ist never underestimate the power of mayawati, say analysts political analysts had virtually written off mayawati, after the bsp failed to open its account in the 2014 lok sabha election (in the 2017 assembly election it bagged merely 19 seats).
;;-0.3182;;08:15 am ist up lok sabha election results 2019: a tough battle between modi and sp-bsp alliance while prime minister narendramodi modis varanasi constituency looks largely predictable for the bjp, the saffron party is on shaky ground in the other constituencies against the sp-bsp alliance stitched by akhilesh yadav and mayawati.
;;0.6705;;major political leaders like narendramodi , priyanka gandhi, rahul gandhi, akhilesh yadav will test their luck today as the counting of votes begins.
;;0.5719;;07:38 am ist forces instructed to be extra- vigilant in 34 communally sensitive districts of up with the results of the general elections coming today, police are gearing up as many political heavyweights including prime minister narendramodi are trying their luck from the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has contested election from the varanasi seat as a bjp candidate.
;;0.2732;;president xi jinping accepted prime minister narendramodi modis invitation to visit india for the next informal summit.
;;0.0;;he said that prime minister narendramodi visited several countries during past three years but not the home of even a single farmer.
;;0.7506;;while it is part of tradition to invite chief ministers having interest in the country of visiting heads of nations, i will be using the opportunity to draw the attention of pm narendramodi on the pressing need for the formulation of national silt policy, he said.
;;-0.3818;;residents of east delhi said that while both aam aadmi party (aap) and bjp have failed to live up to their expectations, they backed bjp as they hope prime minister narendramodi will clear the mess and financial crisis in the civic body.
;;-0.1027;;though, bjp has failed to live up to our expectations we expect that under the close supervision of narendramodi , the corporation will fare better, he said.
;;0.5859;;the finance ministry is compiling inputs from different ministries, with the ultimate aim of accelerating growth and creating jobs, and these will be discussed by the high-level committees headed by prime minister narendramodi , the officials who work for two different economic ministries said on condition of anonymity.
;;0.7269;;external affairs minister sushma swarajs personal engagement with people on twitter addressing their concerns is among the primary reasons for her popularity on the social media platform, an analysis of tweets by 10 randomly selected ministers of the three-year-old narendramodi government has shown.
;;0.0;;recently indian prime minister narendramodi met french president emmanuel macron.
;;0.5574;;bjp insiders said the two leaders are likely to join the bjp in prime minister narendramodi modis rally at ahmednagar and madha (in solapur) on april 12 and 17, respectively.
;;0.4215;;in two tweets, arun jaitley also complimented prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah for correcting the historical blunder.
;;0.0;;the informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping will likely contribute to deepening communication between the leaders and different levels of the two governments, chinese experts said at the end of the two-day meet.
;;0.1531;;controversial kolkata cleric noor-ur-rehman barkati said on friday he will remove the red beacon atop his car if prime minister narendramodi and other minister scrapped their security arrangements.
;;-0.743;;on january 8, a complaint was lodged against the controversial cleric demanding his arrest after he slammed prime minister narendramodi and issued a fatwa against the bjp leader.
;;0.1779;;people familiar with developments on both sides said the cooperation is in line with the wuhan spirit, a reference to the informal summit last year between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping that reset bilateral relations after the 2017 military stand-off at doklam.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi would assess the progress of centrally funded schemes being implemented in uttarakhand during chief minister trivendra singh rawats visit to delhi on monday as part of the bjps spadework for the next general elections, party insiders said.
;;-0.296;;the two countries are also taking a lenient view on the issue of prisoners, and prime minister narendramodi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif are expected to attend the shanghai cooperation organization (sco) summit in astana in june.
;;-0.8519;;the indus waters commissioners have met 112 times since 1960, but the narendramodi government resorted to an unprecedented review of the indus waters treaty to make full use of water that legally belongs to india and raised the rhetoric that blood and water cannot flow together to protest against cross-border terrorism.
;;0.0;;according to the ministrys statement, the meeting was aimed at taking forward the discussions between prime minister narendramodi and president donald trump during their meeting at osaka, on june 28.
;;0.0;;(samir jana/ht photo)incidentally, chief minister mamata banerjee was in a one-on-one meeting with prime minister narendramodi in delhi when the bjp-police showdown went live on television.
;;0.2263;;the snowballing farm protests are a challenge for the bjp and especially prime minister narendramodi who has made the sector a focus and promised to double agricultural incomes by 2022.
;;0.0;;besides the new memberships, there will be sharp focus at the summit on the possible meetings between prime minister narendramodi with president xi jinping and between modi and pakistan prime minister, nawaz sharif.
;;-0.34;;he also refused to be drawn into the controversies surrounding former bjp leaders yashwant sinha and arun shourie, who have led frontal attacks on prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shahs style of functioning.
;;0.7964;;sharma was referring to the annual international day of yoga that prime minister narendramodi pushed to be celebrated worldwide soon after winning power in 2014.
;;0.9022;;pakistani prime minister imran khan said he thinks there may be a better chance of peace talks with india if prime minister narendramodi modis bjp wins the general elections.
;;0.3612;;earlier in the day, the bsp chief in a tweet had wondered whether prime minister narendramodi modis loss from varanasi in the lok sabha 2019 polls would be more historic than his win in 2014.
;;0.0;;varanasi, from where prime minister narendramodi is contesting for a second time, is due to vote on sunday.
;;0.5994;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee has declined an invitation to join prime minister narendramodi modis meeting with chiefs of political party to discuss four topics including simultaneous lok sabha and assembly elections.
;;0.6486;;ht had first reported naidus formula to improve the oppositions chances of getting an invite from the president in case the election results on may 23 are wildly different from the prediction by multiple exit polls that prime minister narendramodi will get a second term.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi is meeting with top economists and experts ahead of the union budget to be presented on july 5.
;;-0.2755;;asked by the bbc what message he wanted to send to prime minister narendramodi and india, khan said the kashmir issue has to be settled and cannot keep boiling like it is.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi started his g20 visit with a meeting with japanese pm shinzo abe on the sidelines of the summit after his arrival in japan on thursday.
;;0.0;;uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath met prime minister narendramodi on tuesday during his daylong trip to new delhi where he is expected to discuss the distribution of portfolios for his ministers.
;;0.7579;;vijayvargiya also took to twitter to praise prime minister narendramodi and hit out at rahul gandhi using the titles of two upcoming bollywood films, saying our countrys kaabil is better than the raees of other country, apparently referring to the congress vice-presidents foreign roots.
;;-0.4588;;in another tweet, which was accompanied by a photograph of prime minister narendramodi and rahul gandhi, with his torn kurta, he said,if someone is kaabil, a tea seller can also become a prime minister, otherwise a raees, who has been born with a silver spoon in his mouth, also wears a torn kurta.
;;-0.5106;;indeed, in the matter of prime minister narendramodi modis hurtful comments about rahul gandhis father, the late rajiv gandhi, the sc said as much unambiguously.
;;0.4019;;its clean chit to the observations by prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah is astonishing.
;;0.128;;the two schemes were launched by the narendramodi government with an aim to electrify each indian household by march 2019.
;;0.128;;in september 2018, prime minister narendramodi launched saubhagya, a rs 16,320-crore scheme to provide electricity to all rural households across the country by december 2018.
;;-0.7351;;a day after a member of the jat protest committee was booked for sedition on his beheading remark against prime minister narendramodi , tense atmosphere prevailed at the dharna site in jassia village of rohtak district.
;;-0.5972;;people are going to reject both the sp and the bsp as they have not kept their promises while credibility of prime minister narendramodi and the bjp is high.
;;0.6808;;will uddhav thackeray and prime minister narendramodi modis meeting improve the relationship between the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and the shiv sena?
;;0.3818;;dehradun:the election campaign in uttarakhand was focused on two personalities  prime minister narendramodi and chief minister harish rawat.
;;0.0;;kishor was the brain behind narendramodi modis poll campaign in the run-up to general elections in 2014.
;;-0.6124;;the distraught parents of four-year-old aaradhya, who is suffering from a heart disease, wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi on thursday seeking financial help for her surgery.
;;-0.25;;the move follows instructions to top higher education regulator of the country from mhrd in this regard and is in line with prime minister narendramodi modis stress on the youth leading the transition from cash to a cashless economy.
;;-0.7964;;additionally, the bjp on tuesday complained to the poll watchdog that gandhi had indulged in repeated and persistent violations of the model code of conduct (mcc) by making intentional, repetitive, baseless, malicious and defamatory allegations against prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi has called a meeting of heads of various political parties in new delhi on wednesday, the third day of the budget session of parliament, to discuss the one nation-one election issue.
;;0.0;;on the first two days of the 17th lok sabha, the newly-elected members took oath , beginning with prime minister narendramodi on monday.
;;0.0;;here are the live updates of proceedings on day 3:10:46 am ist cpis sudhakar reddy to attend meeting cpi general secretary s sudhakar reddy will attend the meeting called by prime minister narendramodi in parliament on wednesday: ani.
;;0.0;;10:40 am ist ncp chief sharad pawar to attend pms meeting ncp chief sharad pawar will attend the meeting called by prime minister narendramodi in the parliament on wednesday.
;;-0.6124;;however, the all india muslim personal law board (aimplb) has criticised the move, saying the bjp was trying to impose a uniform civil code in the country, to which prime minister narendramodi had urged muslims not to view the issue through a political lens.
;;-0.296;;there is no information available about officials whose views were taken before the decision to demonetise high-value currency notes was announced by prime minister narendramodi on november 8, the prime ministers office has said.
;;-0.0772;;this (gujarat legislation) would be a great deterrent for those involved in killing cows for meat and other products, he said and called upon prime minister narendramodi to declare cow as national animal.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday replied to the 17th lok sabhas discussion on the motion of thanks to president ram nath kovind for his address to the joint sitting of parliament.
;;0.34;;karunanayake  who is in india on a two-day visit  met prime minister narendramodi , external affairs minister sushma swaraj and national security advisor ajit doval.
;;-0.4588;;the congress is going to defeat narendramodi in the 2019 elections.
;;0.6597;;though the congress chief devoted most of his 20-minute speech to prime minister narendramodi , he also lashed out at mamata banerjee, who, in a rally in chopra (under darjeeling constituency) had alleged that two congress candidates in bengal, adhir ranjan chowdhury and abhijit mukherjee were getting help from the rss.
;;0.1027;;alleging that the narendramodi government had failed to create employment opportunities in the country, rahul gandhi slammed the tmc government in the state on the same issue.
;;0.8225;;bjp sources told ians that the party had planned to distribute sweets to its leaders at the parliamentary party meeting that was addressed by prime minister narendramodi to felicitate leaders over their performance in assembly elections.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi , while addressing an election rally at himmatnagar in gujarat on wednesday, said that the upa government had tried to topple the then gujarat government and had falsely implicated and jailed the now bjp president amit shah and gujarati police officers.
;;0.7351;;prime minister narendramodi will meet the gold coast medal winners on monday.
;;0.4767;;the incidents over the past three days  in which some dalit outfits were seen venting their ire at prime minister narendramodi and the bjp  have come as a setback to the bjps plans to woo the dalit community.
;;0.0;;releasing the bjp sankalp patra, or manifesto, for lok sabha elections 2019 on monday, prime minister narendramodi said the government was moving ahead with one mission and one direction.
;;0.4019;;party chief amit shah said, in five years, the government led by prime minister narendramodi has taken 50 major decisions for the betterment of the country.
;;0.0;;members of the bjps parliamentary board, its apex body, prime minister narendramodi and its chief amit shah were present at the launch of the manifesto in new delhi.
;;0.0;;for different reasons, adityanaths address also had a liberal mention of prime minister narendramodi and congress chief rahul gandhi.
;;0.5709;;tejashwi, who is quite active on the social platform twitter, where he takes potshots at the bharatiya janata party-led national democratic alliance, did not post any message about the emphatic win of prime minister narendramodi or the opposition alliances poor show, as the results came in on thursday.
;;0.0;;jaitley is on a four-day visit, mainly to represent prime minister narendramodi at queen elizabeth's reception at buckingham palace on monday evening to launch the india-uk year of culture.
;;0.6249;;girls from prime minister narendramodi modis second adopted village in varanasi, nagepur, who are undergoing training in martial arts, are now ready with an action plan to promote self-defence techniques.
;;0.6908;;probably, thackeray has learnt the advantage of being first to launch the campaign from the success of prime minister narendramodi in the 2014 lok sabha polls and bihar chief minister nitish kumar in last years assembly elections.
;;0.0;;the four mps --ys chowdary alias sujana chowdary, tg venkatesh, cm ramesh and garikapati mohan rao  also met prime minister narendramodi and amit shah before quitting the tdp.
;;0.5574;;in fact, some feel the gorakhpur temple office could well become a mini-chief ministers office (cmo) like the mini pmo that functions ravindrapuri colony in prime minister narendramodi modis varanasi lok sabha constituency.
;;0.0;;the genesis of introducing sports in schools goes back to prime minister narendramodi modis mann ki baat radio programme broadcast in march 2016 where he had called for building an atmosphere for promotion of football in the country in the run up to the fifa u-17 world cup.
;;0.0;;the states 19 lakh pensioners  elderly, widows, destitute children and differently abled  have not been paid even the paltry amount of rs 500 a month since november when prime minister narendramodi demonetised old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi said on thursday that india does not eye anyones territory and resources and maintained that the countrys development model is based on give and take.
;;0.3818;;kejriwal also wrote to prime minister narendramodi seeking his intervention to resolve the impasse.
;;0.9186;;but on thursday, with the bjp winning 62 of the 80 seats of the state, the chief minister moved from a position of embarrassment to one of strength and could take credit, along with prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah, for delivering indias largest state to the saffron kitty.
;;0.4215;;the states prompt action earned applause from prime minister narendramodi , who visited odisha on may 6.
;;-0.296;;he said prime minister narendramodi has repeatedly said that no power in the world can abolish reservation.
;;0.3818;;he added that the narendramodi government extended reservation benefits to economically backward sections too.
;;0.34;;rain and snowfall may play spoilsport for prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the himalayan shrine of kedarnath on may 3.
;;0.1027;;(pti)she also trained her guns on the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) government at the centre and accused prime minister narendramodi of not fulfilling any of the promises made during the 2014 general elections.
;;0.0;;us president donald trump will speak to prime minister narendramodi over phone late on tuesday, the white house has said.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi will hold a rally at akluj in solapur on april 17, instead of the earlier plan for an event at baramati in pune, from where supriya sule, sitting mp and daughter of nationalist congress party (ncp) president sharad pawar, is contesting the polls.
;;-0.836;;a joint statement, issued after extensive talks between prime minister narendramodi and turkish president recep tayyip erdogan, said both sides urged all the countries and entities to work sincerely to disrupt terrorist networks and their financing and stop cross-border movement of terrorists.
;;0.4019;;the party has also declared its candidates for a majority of assembly seats in prime minister narendramodi modis varanasi lok sabha constituency.
;;0.0772;;the madhya pradesh government has made photos of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan mandatory along with that of and prime minister narendramodi in all state government offices and buildings.
;;0.6808;;prime minister narendramodi promoted this as an opportunity for more people, especially the common man, to access air travel.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi launches the udan regional connectivity scheme for civil aviation at jubbarhatti airport near shimla.
;;-0.3182;;it can be noted that the us-based sen has been critical of the demonetisation announced by prime minister narendramodi on november 8.
;;0.4215;;most exit polls sunday forecast another term for prime minister narendramodi , with some of them projecting that bjp-led nda will get more than 300 seats to comfortably cross the majority mark of 272 in the lok sabha.
;;0.8225;;making fun of the bjp, the sena said the party has launched a global outreach programme, where prime minister narendramodi is on a world tour and shah on a domestic one.
;;0.6705;;bjp state president ashok parnami said the people have voted for the party and have expressed faith in the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister vasundhara raje.
;;0.0;;an announcement on this is imminent, added the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, and may even be made by prime minister narendramodi in the next couple of days.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday hit out at the congress-led opposition at all the three election rallies that he addressed during the day in the northeast, one in arunachal pradesh and two in assam.
;;0.0;;the three-day summit, to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on february 18, is the states big economic push after it hosted the pms make in india initiative in 2016.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , in his monthly radio broadcast on november 27 last year, had set a target of reducing by half indias annual urea consumption by 2022 through soil health cards.
;;0.7003;;a slick video with a foot-tapping song in hindi, and images of prime minister theresa may wearing a sari and meeting prime minister narendramodi during her november 2016 visit to india, has been released by the conservative party to woo the indian community.
;;0.8126;;indiaupdated: aug 26, 2019 18:24 istshashi tharoors recent statements praising prime minister narendramodi has drawn taunts and barbs from congress leaders from kerala with a former chief of the partys state unit suggesting that he join the bjp while another mp has written party president sonia gandhi seeking action against him.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah have entrusted adityanath with the task of repeating the partys performance in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;-0.2382;;chief minister pinarayi vijayan, who condemned this new rule as nothing but a ploy to go forward with the rss agenda, will write a letter to prime minister narendramodi , saying the rule is not practical.
;;0.4019;;from prime minister narendramodi to sportspersons and tv stars, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) in delhi has decided to launch a high-voltage star-studded campaign for the upcoming municipal elections scheduled to be held on april 22.
;;0.7269;;these stars are impressed with the policies and functioning of prime minister narendramodi and want to become a part of the party.
;;0.2551;;rajnath singh enjoys the number two position in the narendramodi government as the union home minister and is constantly under scrutiny of the media and public over law and order across the country, especially in conflict zones such as jammu and kashmir.
;;0.7845;;in bhubaneswar for the bjps national executive, singh spoke to hts rajesh mahapatra and kumar uttam on the challenge from a united opposition and why he believes narendramodi can win many elections to come.
;;0.0;;a: prime minister narendramodi and his credibility.
;;0.4404;;sindhu, who beat japans nozomi okuhara in the finals of the world championship, met prime minister narendramodi in delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;after they are provided with job letters, these youth will be addressed by prime minister narendramodi through a video conference.
;;0.0;;he alleged that chief minister kejriwal is not concerned about ground realities, and focuses his entire attention to defame prime minister narendramodi and his government.
;;0.7506;;the margin is higher than that secured by prime minister narendramodi who won from the varanasi by a margin of 4,79,505 votes.
;;0.8658;;editorialsupdated: aug 27, 2019 19:10 istit has taken one month for united states president donald trump to go from claiming prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on kashmir to declaring it was a matter best left for india and pakistan to resolve on their own.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is 67, a full two decades older.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi will spend two days in arguably chinas happiest city, wuhan, for his informal summit with president xi jinping.
;;-0.6249;;he noted that the indian security forces had stopped using pellet guns, and recalled joint declaration between prime minister narendramodi and former prime minister david cameron in november last on the issue of jointly combating terrorism.
;;-0.3182;;as a delegation of sgpc office-bearers, including longowal, and sad chief sukhbir singh badal called on prime minister narendramodi and president ram nath kovind and invited them for guru nanaks birth anniversary celebrations, the state government is showing no interest in collaborating with the gurdwara body.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi modis attack on bsp chief mayawati during his rally in kushinagar earlier in the day, when voting for sixth round was still underway, underscored the partys reliance on modi to negate the caste arithmetic that, according to experts, is with the alliance.
;;0.0;;the informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping will be marked by practical cooperation and personal chemistry, officials familiar with preparations for the meet said.
;;0.0;;he will then call on prime minister narendramodi before leaving for osaka the next day for the g20 summit.
;;0.2732;;while much focus in the recent past has been on bilateral trade issues, both sides are committed to working out a win-win formula under the directions of pm narendramodi and president donald trump post their bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the summit in japan.
;;0.7845;;rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje on wednesday termed the budget 2017 as a vision of prime minister narendramodi and agenda of finance minister arun jaitley to transform, energise and clean india.
;;0.1154;;the opposition congress hailed the army action but asked prime minister narendramodi why he was not raising the issue of rise in infiltration from pakistan at the international fora.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis two-day visit to home state gujarat, where elections are expected by the end of the year, is scheduled to begin on monday afternoon.
;;0.6124;;uttarakhand was the land of yoga and prime minister narendramodi must be credited for making the world realise its importance, rawat said at a yoga session presided over by yoga guru ramdev at ongcs ambedkar stadium here.
;;-0.34;;jrl leader syed ali geelani and mirwaiz umar farooq were put under house arrest ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit last weekend while yasin malik was in police custody.
;;0.0;;this is third day of restrictions in old city since saturday when prime minister narendramodi was in kashmir to inaugurate some developmental projects.
;;-0.1027;;officials said dabbu suffers from acute schizophrenia and has been talking about political parties, prime minister narendramodi and said he wanted to meet the pm to tell him about alleged mistreatment by his family.
;;0.0;;we all know that prime minister narendramodi has started an initiative of cleaning the country be it swachh bharat abhiyan or banning plastic in the country.
;;0.0772;;the first, by indias prime minister narendramodi , sounded a note of caution about the gains of globalisation being at risk.
;;0.0;;operational metro projects in the country is would be doubled from the present 346 km over the next two years, he said, adding president pranab mukherjee will inaugurate a metro section in bengaluru on june 17, while prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate kochi metro in kerala on the same day.
;;0.0;;about possible meeting of prime minister nawaz sharif and his indian counterpart narendramodi on the sidelines of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana in june, he said there is nothing on the table yet as the summit is almost two months away.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on friday received felicitations from his malaysian counterpart mohd najib bin tun abdul razak over the recent election results.
;;0.296;;read more: up governor ram naik, cm yogi adityanath join baba ramdevs yoga sessionthe college will also participate in the international yoga day event at ramabai ambedkar ground in lucknow on june 21 in which prime minister narendramodi will be the chief guest.
;;-0.5719;;he also hit out at prime minister narendramodi for spearheading a negative campaign for the bjp in the run up to the polls.
;;0.2023;;lekhi is reaching out to the voters with her achievements in the past five years, focusing on prime minister narendramodi and the works done by the nda government.
;;0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday lashed out at the congress for saying that he should not refer to the armed forces as his own and reminded that party that the late rajiv gandhi had used ins viraat for his personal holiday.
;;0.7227;;against prime minister narendramodi modis towering image, the coalition will face a humongous task, but if it wins, the alliance will redefine politics in the hindi heartland.
;;0.4767;;if the state government isnt going to step in and act on private schools to provide relief to lakhs of parents who continue to be fleeced year on year in haryana, we will approach prime minister narendramodi and seek his intervention, said a parent.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 18, 2019 12:05 istprime minister narendramodi on sunday said the students in bhutan have the power and potential to do extraordinary things, which will impact future generations, as he proposed extensive cooperation between the two countries in new areas such as space and digital payments.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi may address more election rallies than what was originally planned in karnataka as the bjp raises the campaign tempo to wrest back the only southern state it has ever ruled, two party leaders familiar with the matter said.
;;0.2263;;last week, prime minister narendramodi had said both ice-fitted automobiles and evs cab can co-exist, raising hope for some relief to automobile companies grappling with the crisis in the sector amid a slowdown in the economy.
;;-0.8402;;apsc was de-recognised by iit madras after the union human resources development ministry forwarded a complaint by some students, accusing the group of fomenting hatred against prime minister narendramodi and instigating protests against the centres policies by distributing provocative pamphlets and posters on the campus.
;;0.4404;;it also thanked prime minister narendramodi for his unstinting support during parrikars illness.
;;0.3007;;but, the idea did not cut much ice with prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, who also wanted a young leader to become cm.
;;0.4404;;we hope he will cooperate in the dialogue process between sikhs and prime minister narendramodi , rai added.
;;0.2263;;it has been only 10 days since prime minister narendramodi surprised politicians and bureaucrats by appointing the career diplomat as external affairs minister, and jaishankar is understood to have told foreign secretary vijay gokhale and four other secretaries to concentrate on their work at headquarters, without accompanying him on official trips abroad.
;;-0.25;;gandhi has suggested that p rime minister narendramodi modis sarcastic remarks against the claim were an affront to the military.
;;0.0516;;while both chunni lal and mittal are aged above 75  a cut-off set in the bjp by prime minister narendramodi for contesting polls  in mittals exclusion, allegations of corruption against him played a key part, sources said.
;;0.3138;;to prevent any embarrassment to prime minister narendramodi during the narmada seva yatras concluding ceremony at amarkantak in anuppur district on monday, the madhya pradesh government has asked 5,000 bjp activists to ensure that the river is not polluted by those attending the event.
;;0.25;;our aim is to realise the dream of prime minister narendramodi to build a new india.
;;0.4019;;she has also begged prime minister narendramodi for help.
;;-0.4767;;the attack comes a day after tamil nadu chief minister e palaniswami wrote to prime minister narendramodi seeking the release of 85 fishermen and their 128 boats under sri lankan custody.
;;0.1531;;nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar saturday targeted prime minister narendramodi for claiming there were disputes in the formers family.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi and his pakistani counterpart imran khan exchanged pleasantries on friday during the sco summit in bishkek, official sources said.
;;0.4215;;in 2014, the united nations declared june 21 as international day of yoga after prime minister narendramodi called for the day to be adopted as a global celebration of yoga, an ancient practice that began in india more than 5,000 years ago.
;;-0.5106;;on november 8, prime minister narendramodi scrapped 500-and 1,000-rupee banknotes as part of a crackdown on tax dodgers and counterfeiters, leaving companies, farmers and households all in pain.
;;0.2023;;in a review meeting with taxmen held last month, prime minister narendramodi underlined the urgent need to take all the necessary steps against all those who were in possession of benami properties.
;;0.5719;;former lawmaker from keralas kannur ap abdullakutty, who was expelled from the congress for praising prime minister narendramodi for his partys massive victory in the lok sabha election, has said he will formally join the bjp in a couple of days.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi also tweeted his tributes to rajiv gandhi on his death anniversary, which is also observed as anti-terrorism day.
;;0.6249;;and, (prime minister) narendramodi himself yesterday mentioned vajpayee, saying people liked him because during his tenure he looked for kashmir solution within the ambit of humanity, mehbooba said.
;;0.3182;;aiming to attract investments, which are at its lowest level in years, prime minister narendramodi modis government has proposed giving foreign investors a bigger role in indias insurance and aviation sectors, which have been tightly controlled for decades.
;;-0.891;;worldupdated: aug 31, 2019 03:20 istevidently frustrated by the lack of response to his calls for intervention on kashmir, prime minister imran khan launched friday a shrill personal attack on prime minister narendramodi seeking to tie him to anti-semitic views of rss leaders and bringing up denial of us visa to him over 2002 gujarat riots.
;;0.296;;a punjabi singer ks makhan performed at prime minister narendramodi modis rally in punjabs kotkapura on sunday, a day before he has been asked to join investigation in the bhola drug racket case.
;;-0.296;;last night we came to know that bjp had filed a complaint with ec so that we cant hold any meeting after narendramodi modis meeting.
;;0.0;;mamata banerjee reacted sharply to prime minister narendramodi modis statement that a new statue of vidyasagar will be built at the same spot and said that bengal does not need alms from the bjp.
;;0.5106;;residents say the swachh bharat mission, launched by prime minister narendramodi , was only a photo opportunity for officials and leaders.
;;-0.0772;;the day judgementall hai kya (jhk) released in theatres, actress kangana ranaut was in the news for being one of 49 people who signed an open letter in support of prime minister narendramodi modis government, and attacking false narratives.
;;0.0;;we will submit a letter to prime minister narendramodi next week and will burn effigies of union hrd (human resource development) minister prakash javadekar, chief minister manohar lal khattar and education minister ram bilas sharma in delhi, sandeep vats, a parent.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi once again launched a stinging attack on west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee from cooch behar calling her a speed-breaker didi and accusing her of stalling all development projects in the state.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi referred to a recent statement by national conference chief omar abdullah that the post of prime minister would be revived in jammu and kashmir he said, didi is now joining hands with people who want two prime ministers in the country.
;;0.4019;;the bharatiya janata party government has intensified its drive against tax evaders since its november 8 decision to scrap old 500- and 1000-rupee notes, a move prime minister narendramodi said was aimed at breaking the back of indias black economy.
;;0.6124;;prime minister narendramodi on monday alleged that the opposition parties were asking people to refrain from going to polling booths in scorching heat as modis victory is for sure.
;;0.802;;eye on 2019 lok sabha polls where it would again look up to up to support prime minister narendramodi modis re-election bid, the bjp has launched fresh plans to connect with states 21  dalits who were the mainstay of the bahujan samaj party (bsp) till 2014.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had visited the mahasabha office in january 2016 to lay the blueprint of partys dalit agenda in up ahead of the state elections.
;;-0.5267;;that is the implicit message prime minister narendramodi passed on when he told chinas president xi jinping that india cannot hold a dialogue with pakistan unless there is an end to cross-border terror.
;;-0.128;;on march 16, he was part of a delegation from karbi anglong who met prime minister narendramodi , to submit a memorandum reiterating the demand for an autonomous state for the tribal autonomous areas.
;;-0.2263;;gandhi last week asked prime minister narendramodi to quell apprehensions about kashmir.
;;0.9062;;bharat ratna awardee and singer lata mangeshkar has congratulated prime minister narendramodi , bharatiya janta party and party president amit shah on their great victory in the state assembly elections on saturday.
;;0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping will take on the task of rebooting india-china relations during their informal summit in wuhan, reflecting a remarkable turnaround since the military standoff at doklam nearly eight months ago.
;;-0.4019;;the victory was enough for prime minister narendramodi to announce odisha as his partys next battleground in the national executive held in april last year.
;;0.4019;;punjab chief minister amarinder singh on wednesday urged prime minister narendramodi for a special central government package to provide one-time loan waiver to the debt-ridden farmers of the state.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi takes pride in thinking big.
;;0.0772;;asking the people to take the fight against black money and graft to the next level, prime minister narendramodi on sunday urged them to use less cash in their daily lives and to continue supporting the movement towards digital payments.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi reacted to the result on twitter and said that wins and losses are a part of life.
;;0.0;;the president said that he called up prime minister narendramodi on the issue of tariffs on harley-davidson motorcycles.
;;0.7003;;addressing a poll rally at sankhalim in support of bjp lok sabha candidate shripad naik, he said gandhis speeches are known for his curses against prime minister narendramodi and also for their humour quotient.
;;0.6597;;bjps campaign involved several national leaders including prime minister narendramodi and bjp party president amit shah addressing public meetings to rally support for the candidates.
;;0.0;;a 10-year contract for equipping and operating chabahar was signed in may 2016 during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to tehran.
;;0.0516;;in just three years of governance, prime minister narendramodi and bjp leaders have distorted history by rewriting textbooks and deleting the contributions of leaders who worked the freedom struggle, and replacing them with leaders who have nothing to with it, he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi offered prayers at the kedarnath shrine in uttarakhand, on saturday, days before the counting for the lok sabha elections on may 23.
;;-0.8968;;indiaupdated: aug 20, 2019 08:41 istagainst the backdrop of the pakistani leaderships belligerent claims that indias change of the status of jammu and kashmir could lead to war, prime minister narendramodi told us president donald trump on monday that extreme rhetoric and incitement to anti-india violence wasnt conducive to peace.
;;0.4019;;the participants shouted slogans in support of prime minister narendramodi and singh, as they passed the busy sadar bazaar area covering the distance in almost three hours.
;;0.7096;;i request the people to come out in large numbers and vote for the bjp to ensure a strong government led by pm narendramodi , he said.
;;0.0;;the road, which was announced by prime minister narendramodi before uttarakhand assembly elections in february 2017, has to pass through the eco-sensitive zone.
;;0.34;;similarly, december 2015 suggested a tipping point when meetings first between national security advisers (nsas), and then foreign ministers, were capped by a brief visit by prime minister narendramodi to lahore.
;;0.0;;much to the bewilderment of indian officials and south asia watchers in washington, the president said, at a joint white house press conference with the visiting pakistan prime minister, imran khan, that prime minister narendramodi had also requested him to be a mediator.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi escalated their war of words on the campaign trail on saturday, with less than a week left for the first phase of polling in the 2019 general election.
;;0.0;;advani ji is narendramodi modis guru.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the pm crop insurance scheme, the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana, in 2015.
;;-0.6808;;a saamana editorial on wednesday asked prime minister narendramodi to follow in sri lanka president maithripala sirisenas footsteps and ban burqas and other face veils in india, considering the threat they pose to the nations security.
;;0.4019;;echoing allegations made by prime minister narendramodi and bharatiya janata party president amit shah during lok sabha poll campaign, hundreds of people, ranging from landless farmers to businessmen, are publicly naming tmc leaders who have taken money from them.
;;0.0258;;although chief information commissioner rk mathur has divested acharyulu of the human resource development ministry portfolio, two days after he ordered disclosure of records of the degree course of ba, 1978, the year in which prime minister narendramodi is said to have passed from delhi university, he will continue to adjudicate matters in which he has already issued notices and is finalising orders.
;;-0.8462;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the lynching of a young man by a mob in jharkhand had pained him but said it was unfair to blame the entire state for it.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi called for a concerted push to conserve and rejuvenate indias rivers, saying the country has many but not all have water in them.
;;-0.7845;;the ban on high-value banknotes was a panic decision by prime minister narendramodi that also showed that the government was ready to bulldoze its policies through even at the cost of undermining institutions such as the central bank, congress vice-president rahul gandhi has said.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi and former us president barack obama made nuclear cooperation a cornerstone of their friendship, announcing at a summit last year that a westinghouse deal should be finalised this june.
;;0.7184;;in an interview with hts kumar uttam, khanduri said prime minister narendramodi modis impressive performance at the centre will persuade the electorate to vote for the right-wing party in the upcoming state polls.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi is greeted by khanduri during a parivartan rally in dehradun in december.
;;0.4939;;i am confident that prime minister narendramodi modis performance will overshadow all other issues.
;;0.296;;west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress supremo mamata banerjee thursday denied having said that she will slap prime minister narendramodi and asserted she had said he would get the tight slap of democracy.
;;0.2382;;tamil nadu on thursday made a forceful appeal for an ordinance to skirt a ban on jallikattu but prime minister narendramodi remained non-committal on the contentious issue, saying the matter was in the supreme court.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah are likely to rejig their teams after parliaments budget session ends on april 12.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi extended condolences to roys family and supporters.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday inaugurated the first shimla-new delhi flight under a government scheme to boost regional air connectivity.
;;0.0;;rauts statement on monday comes in the wake of reports that thackeray had been invited for a dinner meeting with prime minister narendramodi along with other national democratic alliance (nda) constituents to discuss the presidential polls.
;;-0.6597;;if something is wrong, let us admit it and not live in denial simply because prime minister narendramodi has said it is wrong, she said.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin, who meet in st petersburg on thursday, are expected to sign an agreement for building the last two units of the kundankulam nuclear power plant.
;;0.7506;;the two leaders of the garo hills region put in their papers in less than a week after they announced on social media that they would celebrate prime minister narendramodi modis three years in office by organising a bitchi-beef party.
;;-0.1154;;prime minister narendramodi may be the pm, but in the electoral battlefield, he is just another leader campaigning hard for his party.
;;0.6124;;prime minister narendramodi in his congratulatory tweet said, pranab da is an outstanding statesman of our times.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will also be in attendance.
;;0.5574;;in his first mann ki baat radio show in 2018, prime minister narendramodi talked about the women achievers who have contributed immensely to the positive transformation of the country.
;;0.5994;;hindustan timess shishir gupta spent a day on the campaign trail with the bjp president in sonepat, panipat, pathankot, chandigarh and patna and asked him a range of questions on the prospects of his party, the nda and about the performance of the narendramodi government.
;;-0.891;;the terror tag on masood azhar is the biggest diplomatic victory of narendramodi and it comes after the world community recognised indias right to self defence after the february 14 pulwama suicide attack and the balakot retaliation.
;;0.0;;both prime minister narendramodi and his pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif are likely to attend the two-day meeting in astana in which india and pakistan are to be inducted as the seventh and eighth members of the grouping led by china and russia.
;;-0.0258;;the issue assumes significance as prime minister narendramodi had hit out at the sp government last month, saying there should be no discrimination in allotment of land for final rites.
;;0.4939;;the cm nitish kumar praised prime minister narendramodi , saying that india has progressed by leaps and bounds under pm modis tenure.
;;0.8078;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday showered praises on jharkhand chief minister raghubar das for his profound thinking in framing policy to set up a special police battalion, the first of its kind, exclusively comprising members of particularly vulnerable tribal groups (pvtgs).
;;0.7506;;the maiden meeting between us president donald trump and prime minister narendramodi would set forth a vision to expand the us-india partnership in an ambitious way, the white house said on monday.
;;0.4939;;the report described jindal, the head of jsw group, as a close friend of prime minister narendramodi and said the meeting was believed to be part of back channel diplomacy to arrange a meeting between sharif and modi on the margins of the upcoming shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana in june.
;;-0.296;;in these circumstances, narendramodi modis close aides meeting with (the) pakistani prime minister has sent a wave of restlessness among (the) masses, the resolution said.
;;-0.2023;;us president donald trumps tweet seeking the withdrawal of new trade tariffs imposed by india on the eve of g20 did not appear to have affected prime minister narendramodi who batted on the front foot when the two leaders met the following day, with the result that bilateral ties between the worlds two largest democracies remain on an even keel.
;;-0.7096;;the election commission meet to decide on poll code violation complaints against prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah and congress president rahul gandhi has begun.
;;0.4404;;in a strong attack on prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday said he had managed to bust the myth around the pms mr clean image.
;;0.0;;on february 15, a day after the suicide bombing, leaders from various political parties including prime minister narendramodi had paid homage to the deceased jawans at the indira gandhi airport where their bodies were kept in state before being sent to their respective homes.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the conference of parliamentarians of indian origin (pios) from 23 countries here on january 9.
;;-0.4939;;madhya pradesh police registered a case against unknown people on saturday after a youth in satna district received a call from a man who allegedly offered him rs 50 crore to join them in killing prime minister narendramodi at a rally.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi has approved pradhan mantri gramin digital saksharta abhiyan (pmgdisha) to make 6 crore rural households digitally literate.
;;0.0516;;interacting with party lawmakers on sunday, prime minister narendramodi said, we make mistakes and give masala (fodder) to the media.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi has attracted a large section of young maharashtrians, which further erodes rajs support base.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi will review the progress of his governments flagship schemes and the agenda for the last year of the current nda rule at a meeting of the council of ministers on wednesday.
;;0.0258;;by targeting national congress party (ncp) chief sharad pawar in his first campaign rally for nda in wardha in vidarbha, prime minister narendramodi on monday indirectly acknowledged the former as the main opponent in the poll battle for maharashtra.
;;0.872;;the move comes after a successful wuhan summit, where both prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping issued strategic guidance to their respective militaries to build trust and mutual understanding.
;;0.0;;as part of prime minister narendramodi modis make-in-india campaign, scientists will showcase the tejas warplane at an air show opening in bengaluru on tuesday.
;;-0.3703;;he, however, said he will not pre-judge the verdict of the people and launched an all-out attack on prime minister narendramodi for having lost the opportunity given by the people to take the country forward.
;;0.1779;;gandhi said the congress party has dismantled modis ideology that has worked to systematically close down every door to stop narendramodi from escaping.
;;0.4939;;i dont see mayawati ji, mulayam singh yadav ji, mamata ji, chandrababu naidu ji, i dont see any of these people supporting the bjp, narendramodi government, he claimed, adding that the congress has alliances in a number of states.
;;0.8695;;he said the congress party has done a tremendous job and felt pride that it fought narendramodi and the bjp and protected the institutions of this country from them and the rss, saying we have done so successfully.
;;-0.6249;;to a question on bjp bhopal candidate pragya thakur who termed mahatma gandhis assassin nathuram godse a patriot, he said, narendramodi modis philosophy is that of violence and it is not the philosophy of mahatma gandhi.
;;0.7964;;although there is widespread support for prime minister narendramodi , this election will not be as one-sided as it was in 2014, when rao inderjit singh of the bharatiya janata party secured 125, 264 votes of the 191, 693 votes polled, they said.
;;-0.7184;;a war of words erupted between prime minister narendramodi and chief minister mamata banerjee during campaigning in north bengal on the last sunday before the first phase of lok sabha polls in bengal on april 11at back-to-back high-voltage rallies in jalpaiguri and cooch behar districts in the afternoon, the two rivals traded charges over a range of issues.
;;-0.3612;;party chief arvind kejriwal called the poll panel spineless and blamed prime minister narendramodi for its biased functioning.
;;-0.743;;the 47-year-old leader, who is in the eighth leg of his jana ashirwada yatre, covered bidar, kalburgi, gadag and haveri districts in the election-bound state and launched a blistering attack on prime minister narendramodi , saying that his politics was divisive and aimed at spreading hate.
;;-0.3818;;corruption, caste bias allegationsmatters came to a head in january when in a letter he asked prime minister narendramodi to order an investigation against 20 judges he accused of corruption without providing any evidence.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi took an out-of-the-box initiative to fly down to lahore.
;;0.0129;;the matter will also figure during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the us, she said, but did not give the date of his travel.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi is approaching the wuhan summit with chinese president xi jinping with an open mind without the diplomatic encumbrances of the past, south block and pmo officials said, attributing this to the fact that the chinese leader came across as reasonable and without the legacy of deep state that most chinese leaders do at the 2017 xiamen brics summit, held immediately after the resolution of the doklam stand-off between the two countries.
;;-0.4767;;since taking over as pm, narendramodi has made it a point to keep in touch with world leaders at a personal level, and particularly with president xi as he believes the only gainer out of poor india-china relationship is pakistan, analysts said.
;;0.5277;;the engine of indian politics isnt aspiration, it is anxiety  and no one recognizes this better than narendramodi , who has understood that his followers dont want a ceo-in-chief to lead them; they want a parent, or better still, a priest.
;;0.1531;;beyond the oppositions mistakes, the one-sided results point to the triumph of prime minister narendramodi modis appeal across urban and rural constituencies.
;;-0.4215;;1:30 pm: pattali makkal katchi (pmk) leader and dharmapuri mp anbumani ramadoss is protesting outside the residence of prime minister narendramodi due to the latters refusal to meet him for a discussion over the bull taming sport of jallikattu.
;;0.0;;11:05 am:delhi: tamil nadu chief minister o. pannerselvam meets prime minister narendramodi to urge ordinance on #jallikattu.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/2wlz0dj4kk  ani (@ani_news) january 19, 201710:25 am: chief minister o panneerselvam arrives at 7, lok kalyan marg to meet prime minister narendramodi to urge ordinance on jallikattu.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi on monday disclosed that the recently launched bhim (bharat interface for money) mobile application has recorded 10 million downloads.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday arrived in qingdao, china, to attend the two-day shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit.
;;0.4019;;00pm: prime minister narendramodi , along with the leaders of shanghai cooperation organisation member states, witnessed a special event by chinese artists at the international conference centre in qingdao on the sidelines of the annual two-day sco summit.
;;0.0;;40pm: prime minister narendramodi met president of tajikistan emomali rahmon in qingdao, china.
;;0.0;;50pm: pm narendramodi met president of uzbekistan shavkat mirziyoyev and held a bilateral meeting with him on the sidelines of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in chinas qingdao.
;;0.2732;;45pm: india and china signed agreements in the presence of pm narendramodi and president of china xi jinping in qingdao.
;;0.0;;55pm: prime minister narendramodi meets chinese president xi jinping in qingdao on the sidelines of sco summit.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping in qingdao.
;;0.0;;30pm: prime minister narendramodi met sco general secretary rashid alimov.
;;0.7269;;the congress-samajwadi party alliances apparent arithmetical advantage is giving jitters to the bjp in varanasi, prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency that has virtually turned into the countrys second capital for union ministers.
;;0.0;;their only agenda seems to be to oppose prime minister narendramodi and nothing else.
;;0.2263;;besides, two projects, for which prime minister narendramodi released funds, will pay us huge electoral dividends, bjp state general secretary (organisation) sanjay kumar said, referring to the rs 12,000 crore chardham all-weather road network and the rs 16,200 crore rishikesh-karnaprayag railway projects.
;;0.0;;the swearing-in will be in dehradun on saturday afternoon in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief shah.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi will address an additional six rallies as the last lap of the lok sabha election campaign approaches, while bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah will hold 11 more rallies than previously scheduled, people with direct knowledge of the plan said on sunday.
;;0.8016;;dont vote only for sunny deol, vote for him so that narendramodi becomes pm again and makes the county more secure, shah told the crowd at an election event in pathankot in support of the bollywood actors candidature.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is set for a madison square moment in tel aviv when he makes a historic visit to israel in july.
;;-0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi modis pet niti aayog was caught on the wrong foot when a parliamentary panel refused to review its budget for 2017-18.
;;0.4019;;congress leader milind deora on wednesday said that the idea of one nation, one election should be given a consideration, even though his party skipped the all-party meeting convened by prime minister narendramodi to discuss the issue.
;;0.5859;;it is also the first budget of prime minister narendramodi modis second term after his government was returned in a landslide election win last month.
;;0.0;;congresswoman tulsi gabbard during a meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new york in september 2014.
;;0.2263;;gabbard, a major in the us army national guard who has served two tours of duty in the middle east, has also struck up a close relationship with prime minister narendramodi , who sent senior bjp official ram madhav to represent him at her wedding in hawaii in 2015, with a gift of a pashmina shawl and ganesh idol made of five metals.
;;0.6969;;the chief minister will lead a delegation of farmers to meet the prime minister narendramodi to press for implementation of the swaminathan commission report so as to ensure better prices for crops.
;;-0.6486;;criticising prime minister narendramodi for questioning the alliance between the sp and the congress, akhilesh said two young leaders had joined hands to stop communal forces in the state.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis has decided to borrow a leaf of prime minister narendramodi modis book.
;;0.0;;i have set a target to reduce import dependence by 10  by 2022, prime minister narendramodi told the petrotech conference in new delhi last month.
;;0.0;;niti aayog had constituted a committee of chief ministers on digital payments which submitted its interim report to prime minister narendramodi on january 24.
;;0.0;;he said prime minister narendramodi was concerned about the deaths in gorakhpur and had thus sent patel to gorakhpur.
;;0.0;;india and china will for first time implement a joint economic project in war-torn afghanistan, officials said on saturday at the end of the two-day informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping.
;;0.0;;his campaign also found mention in a mann ki baat radio address delivered by prime minister narendramodi last year.
;;0.0;;dehradun: the returning officer of haridwar, jay bharat, filed an fir against bjp leaders jaypal chauhan and vikas tiwari on wednesday for not seeking permission for prime minister narendramodi modis rally on february 10.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday stepped up his attack on congress president rahul gandhi over his decision to contest lok sabha polls from wayanad seat in kerala.
;;-0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on monday mocked at mayawati's opposition to note ban, saying bsp is no longer bahujan samaj party but 'behenji sampatti party'.
;;-0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi told nda allies on monday night that there were no differences between them, though some of the partners made discordant noises over issues such as the ban on beef and liquor shops.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has addressed 26 rallies in the state, while congress president rahul gandhi has held more than 40 rallies and conducted many more road shows.
;;0.0772;;the meeting between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping is expected to be a landmark in bilateral ties, chinas state media said on tuesday, adding the summit could emulate the meeting between rajiv gandhi and deng xiaoping in the late 1980s.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , in a rare move, joined bjp president amit shah in a press briefing today at bjp headquarters in delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on friday met russian president vladimir putin and chinese president xi jinping here and discussed key issues including counter-terrorism and climate change.
;;0.0;;former ambassador ak kantha had been summoned by the foreign affairs ministry after prime minister narendramodi visited arunachal pradesh in february 2015.
;;0.0;;we never knew prime minister narendramodi will become a chowkidar.
;;0.4404;;supporting prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanaths stand on the triple talaq issue, raza said a new law should be implemented to put an end to the age-old practice.
;;-0.3612;;barely a week after prime minister narendramodi asked bjp leaders at the partys national executive meeting not to seek tickets for their relatives in the assembly elections in five states, he chose to ignore his own words.
;;0.0;;former finance minister p chidambaram said on saturday the economic slowdown is real as stated by the governments chief economic adviser arvind subramanian and asked whether prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley believed him.
;;0.4019;;sinha also hit out at prime minister narendramodi for decisions such as demonetisation, implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), and asked him to come clean on the rafale deal issue.
;;0.4939;;with a lead in all the parliamentary constituencies after more than two hours of counting, the bjp is likely to retain its stronghold in the home state of prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah in the two-cornered contest with the congress.
;;0.1531;;read: govt asks psu banks to focus on opening jan dhan accountsprime minister narendramodi is particular about meritocracy.
;;0.6597;;ranchi:taking cue from prime minister narendramodi modis smart city project, raghubar das government in jharkhand has proposed wifi enabled smart colony scheme for cities.
;;0.8402;;with a jubilant bjp happily set to swear in chief ministers in both states, the voters have given prime minister narendramodi the power to choose who he wishes to govern them for the next five years.
;;0.4019;;later, hardik will meet former chief minister keshubhai patel, prime minister narendramodi modis bte noire and founder of the gujarat parivartan party (gpp).
;;-0.836;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday sharpened his attack on the opposition and said afraid of defeat in the elections they are spreading lies.
;;0.2263;;(ht photo)quaderi holds the position of vice-president of west bengal united minority council, a little-known organisation, but is known in the islamic religious circles as a close associate of barkati, who has also issued a fatwa against prime minister narendramodi after his demonetisation announcement.
;;0.1531;;the renovated temple will be thrown open for pilgrims in february next year, when the telangana chief minister is planning to perform the maha sudharshana yagam, the mother of all yagnams, and invite prime minister narendramodi and others including vaishnavite seers from across the country.
;;-0.25;;us president donald trumps communications with prime minister narendramodi and pakistani prime minister imran khan were about lowering the temperature between the two countries.
;;-0.4215;;a farmer dressed as prime minister narendramodi flogs protesting tamil nadu farmers at jantar mantar.
;;0.3818;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 10:11 istexpectations of every indian citizen were on the rise and the country needed to make a high jump in order to keep pace with it said prime minister narendramodi , emphasizing the need to fast-track countrys growth and development in his independence day speech from the red fort in delhi.
;;-0.891;;this came a day after prime minister narendramodi attacked the congress in rajya sabha saying it had insulted the voters by questioning the reliability of evms.shiv senas sanjay raut raised the issue during the question hour in the rajya sabha and asked the government about the complaints that had been received about the discrepancies in evms. he asked whether there has been a mismatch regarding voter turnout and votes polled data on evms.union law minister ravi shankar prasad said there were no discrepancies.
;;0.3252;;in an election rally in gujarat , prime minister narendramodi on thursday said sardar vallabhbhai patels statue in gujarat was not intended to disrespect former prime minister jawaharlal nehru.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi shared an inspiring message for shikhar dhawan after the southpaw was ruled out of the ongoing edition of the icc world cup 2019 in england and wales due to an injury.
;;0.6369;;the congress partys chief whip in the lok sabha, jyotiraditya scindia, lashed out at prime minister narendramodi and his government, which completed four years in office earlier this week, saying the current regime had undone the economic gains of the united progressive alliance government.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has replaced mahatma gandhi in the 2017 wall calendar and table diary published by the khadi village industries commission (kvic), official sources said on thursday, as opposition leaders reacted sharply to the move.
;;0.8176;;i dedicate this win to prime minister narendramodi , who is celebrating his 69th birthday today, panghal said after the bout.
;;0.0;;the congress also remind the people about prime minister narendramodi modis address to people in amethi during his election campaign in 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;-0.2732;;indiaupdated: sep 12, 2019 12:32 istsenior congress leader kapil sibal on thursday took a jibe at prime minister narendramodi for his remarks that some people feel that the country will get back to 16th century no sooner they hear the word om and cow, while urging him to get to work on issues that matter.
;;-0.6369;;on wednesday, prime minister narendramodi had said that it is unfortunate that some people feel that the country will get back to 16th century no sooner they hear the word om and cow.
;;-0.4588;;q: prime minister narendramodi recently said you have allied with a party that tried to kill your father in 1984.
;;0.7096;;recalling high-value banknotes was a right decision made at the right time as the economy was in good health and there was a brief lull in business after the peak festive season, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday.
;;0.0258;;the justice m b shah commission has rejected congress allegation that former gujarat chief minister narendramodi had entered into a clandestine understanding with tata motors over setting up the companys nano car manufacturing plant at sanand in the state.
;;0.5719;;dwivedi said it was due to prime minister narendramodi modis initiatives that yoga had got international recognition and june 21 was now celebrated as the international day of yoga.
;;0.3612;;running has given her recognition, the latest being an interaction with prime minister narendramodi at the launch of the fit india movement recently.
;;-0.4019;;chief minister arvind kejriwal on tuesday dared prime minister narendramodi , the bjp-ruled states and the municipal corporations to compare their work with that of the delhi government before criticising it.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi may end up addressing 21 election rallies in karnataka, instead of the 15 planned earlier, in a late campaign blitz before the may 12 assembly polls, two bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders familiar with the matter said.
;;0.4019;;though the party has organised various campaigns and events such as the ayushman march, public meetings by senior leaders, live interaction with prime minister narendramodi , bjp members say, campaigning in a planned manner at the ground level is yet to kick-start.
;;0.1027;;khattars yatra for october assembly polls in haryana was flagged off by union defence minister rajnath singh from kalka on august 18 and it will culminate in rohtak on september 8, where prime minister narendramodi will address a rally.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was monitoring the situation in gorakhpur and he was in touch with central and state government officials, the prime ministers office tweetedminister of state (health) anupriya patel and secretary (health) ck mishra, along with a team of doctors, are a part of the union health ministry delegation that left for gorakhpur on saturday.
;;0.296;;the chief minister didnt go to marina, but promised in a statement that he would request prime minister narendramodi to pass an emergency ordinance to allow the sport.
;;0.4939;;hitting out at the opposition, finance minister arun jaitley sunday said prime minister narendramodi has never done caste politics and is inspired by nationalism.
;;0.0;;mr narendramodi is the first person who became pm later who campaigned wearing his caste on his sleeve (2014): i am an obc.
;;-0.3182;;we will go door to door and convince people to come out of negativity and contribute for the development of city under leadership of prime minister narendramodi , tiwari said.
;;-0.296;;the congress has accused prime minister narendramodi of polarising voters in uttar pradesh through communal statements and asked the election commission to refrain him from bringing disrepute to his post.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray who campaigned against prime minister narendramodi and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) during the lok sabha polls, is now gearing up for the forthcoming assembly elections.
;;-0.6486;;launching a scathing attack on prime minister narendramodi and the bjp-led government at the centre, chief minister karish rawat saturday said accused the nda dispensation of continuously working against his government and uttarakhand.
;;0.0;;gandhi was not present in the house when prime minister narendramodi and his senior cabinet colleagues took oath, but soon clarified on twitter that he would take the oath later in the day.
;;0.8074;;recently, akshay kumar, the national-award winning actor, met prime minister narendramodi and shared the theme and title of his movie, which reportedly made the pm smile.
;;-0.0276;;and prime minister narendramodi announced that there are no vips, every indian is a very important person.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will unveil a 112-foot tall face of lord shiva or adhiyogi at isha foundation, about 25 km from coimbatore on maha shivratri, on friday.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 04, 2019 11:45 istprime minister narendramodi visited zvezda shipbuilding complex along with russian president vladimir putin on wednesday and interacted with the management and workers of the shipyard.
;;0.0;;these visits followed, and were in continuation with, two phone conversations prime minister narendramodi has had with president trump starting with a congratulatory call on the morning after latters stunning upset victory in the november 9 elections.
;;-0.4404;;congress leader, abhishek singhvi, reacted to lt gen singhs statement saying this is why they have condemned prime minister narendramodi for drawing the armed forces into controversy and debate with political classes.
;;0.0;;on the eve of prime minister narendramodi modis two-day visit to his home state, patidar quota stir leader hardik patel and 50 of his community youths tonsured their heads on sunday to kick start nyay yatra.
;;-0.4215;;chief minister trivendra singh rawat saturday criticised the madrasas in the state for their refusal to put up a portrait of prime minister narendramodi inside their premises, asking them to give up their conservatism on the issue.
;;0.0;;rao met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on friday afternoon and submitted a wishlist comprising 10 major issues pertaining to the state.
;;0.875;;prime minister narendramodi and his government are now bartering away the symbol of freedom movement such as red fort to his corporate friends for maintenance, randeep singh surjewala, chief spokesperson of the congress party, said on saturday.
;;-0.5106;;opposition leaders on tuesday staged a walk out in the lok sabha after they failed to get the prime minister narendramodi to respond to the statement of us president donald trump claiming that the indian prime minister modi had asked him to mediate in the kashmir issue, reported news agency ani.
;;0.2023;;the government on friday said no decision has been taken on limiting to the first child only the maternity benefit programme (mbp) prime minister narendramodi announced in his televised address on the new years eve.
;;0.0;;they are expected to meet prime minister narendramodi , ministers and officials, the schedules for which are being worked out.
;;0.8126;;this time the bjp is hoping for a better performance, which is why its star campaigners, prime minister narendramodi and party president, amit shah, have repeatedly toured the state.
;;-0.5574;;delhiupdated: sep 17, 2019 00:43 istdelhi government is planning to ban some single-use plastic items in the national capital, after prime minister narendramodi pitched for india doing away with single-use plastic.
;;0.6369;;in his speech on independence day, prime minister narendramodi called for freedom from single-use plastic (sup).
;;-0.296;;external affairs minister s jaishankar said on tuesday that no request was made by prime minister narendramodi to us president donald trump regarding any mediation in kashmir.
;;0.4019;;not before that, he addednarayan burman, 92, from assam said that prime minister narendramodi was striving to realise bapu's dreams.
;;0.0;;pompeo will meet prime minister narendramodi and minister of external affairs subramaniam jaishankar on wednesday to discuss agenda for the us-india strategic partnership.
;;-0.3818;;9:32 am ist pompeo likely to rake demand for reducing trade barriers imposed by india us secretary of state michael pompeo will put forward the us demand for reducing trade barriers imposed by india during his meeting with prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister s jaishankar.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has asked taxmen to take necessary steps against all those who are in possession of benami properties and focus on broadening the tax net.
;;-0.9423;;kansas governor sam brownback has written a letter to prime minister narendramodi expressing profound regret at the terrible act of violence against indian nationals last month and said that acts of hate and intolerance have no place in his state.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi leads the hindu nationalist bharatiya janata party.
;;0.4657;;ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis rally to be held at ramlila maidan on wednesday, the aam aadmi party (aap) on tuesday questioned the bharatiya janata party (bjp) for not fulfilling its promise of full statehood to delhi.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday reached bishkek in kyrgyzstan to participate in the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/wgrgcst2l1  pmo india (@pmoindia) june 13, 20194:46 pm ist pm modi holds delegation level talks with xi jinping bishkek: prime minister narendramodi holds delegation level talks with china president xi jinping on the sidelines of the sco summit.
;;0.0;;bishkek: prime minister narendramodi holds delegation level talks with china president xi jinping on the sidelines of the sco summit.
;;0.8316;;read more: narendramodi embarks on 2-day visit for sco summit1:45 pm ist warm welcome for pm modi at bishkek airport pm modi was given a warm welcome upon his arrival at bishkek airport.
;;0.6124;;prime minister narendramodi has urged his officials to explore new technologies for ramping up road-building and boosting coal output, as part of the broader objective of pushing economic growth.
;;-0.1027;;since november 8, when prime minister narendramodi announced the invalidation of high-value currency notes, and their replacement with new ones, with assorted (and ever-changing) conditionalities and constraints, they have been hard at work, sometimes even over weekends.
;;0.6249;;indiaupdated: aug 26, 2019 01:31 istit is time india moved beyond conservation and thought about compassion to create an environment where nature and wildlife can flourish, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday.
;;0.0;;the ministry of external affairs has said that prime minister narendramodi will attend the 2019 g20 osaka summit in osaka, japan from june 27-29.
;;-0.4767;;the residents held a meeting on sunday and shot off letters to prime minister narendramodi , haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar, among others, demanding immediate action to stop the process.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday dismissed congress president rahul gandhis remarks that he is ready to become the pm if the party emerges as the largest in parliament in the 2019 general election, calling him an immature and arrogant naamdar (dynast).
;;0.6486;;but he only kept saying narendramodi and praised narendramodi too.
;;0.0;;is narendramodi the only one with the right to be the prime minister?
;;0.7964;;(ap file photo)there has also been a marked increase in communication between the two governments, starting with prime minister narendramodi modis congratulatory call that  indian officials say with smug satisfaction  was among the first five that trump accepted.
;;0.0;;the issue will come up during talks between prime minister narendramodi and the ruling bangladesh awami league leader hasina on saturday.
;;-0.7506;;the passport of rape accused uttar pradesh minister gayatri prajapati was impounded on saturday and a look-out notice was issued against him, hours after prime minister narendramodi accused the samajwadi party and the congress of chanting gayatri prajapati mantra.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has asked taxmen to take necessary steps against those with benami properties and focus on broadening the tax net.
;;0.4215;;riding high on prime minister narendramodi modis image, bjp is hoping to reap dividend in the hill areas.
;;0.0;;hoardings projecting prime minister narendramodi as modern day dhritarashtra have been put up in kanpur wherein congress has targeted the bjp government at the centre on its third anniversary.
;;0.6369;;andrew ayre, the deputy commissioner, flashes a big grin as he leafs through the long list of bilateral agreements signed between india and the uk during prime minister narendramodi modis visit.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi referred to the bill during campaigning in the region and said the bjp was committed to passing it once the nda returns to power.
;;-0.8176;;actor kaushik sen, who is one of the signatories of the letter written to prime minister narendramodi on the issue of mob violence, said on thursday that he has received a threat call.
;;0.0;;kashmir observed a shutdown on sunday against prime minister narendramodi modis visit to inaugurate indias longest road tunnel---the nashri-chenani tunnel on the jammu-srinagar highway.
;;-0.5574;;in one of his sharpest attacks on prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi called him a 56-inch boxer who was elected to fight the countrys problems but he instead began delivering punches to the countrys farmers and traders in the form of schemes such as goods and services tax (gst) and demonetisation.
;;-0.4767;;the attack comes days after prime minister narendramodi modis unscheduled visit to pakistan.
;;0.4019;;in a statement, party general secretary s sudhakar reddy alleged the move marked the beginning of prime minister narendramodi and rss chief mohan bhagwats attempts to convert the country into a hindu rashtra.
;;0.25;;i am confident about that because prime minister narendramodi has repeatedly spoken about the need to phase out all obsolete laws.
;;0.3818;;indiaupdated: aug 13, 2019 11:00 istwalking through the wild and taking a ride on a cold river in a makeshift boat were some of the things that prime minister narendramodi put up with as he teamed up with survivalist bear grylls to promote a cause close to his heart  protecting nature.
;;-0.2057;;not surprising, prime minister narendramodi made almora lok sabha mp ajay tamta a union minister of state in the second expansion of cabinet in july 2016.
;;0.2263;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 15:39 istprime minister narendramodi on saturday hailed the 100-day performance by his bharatiya janata party-led nda 2.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi modis latest international itinerary  france, bahrein, the united arab emirates and france again  is a tale of three major international priorities of his government.
;;0.4019;;indiaupdated: aug 18, 2019 12:52 istformer bjp leader shatrughan sinha who had been severely critical of prime minister narendramodi on twitter in the past, changed gears on sunday to praise on him for his courageous, well-researched and thought-provoking independence day speech.
;;0.0;;rabesh kumar singh never thought prime minister narendramodi will respond to his tweet asking for the golden garland he wore during a rally in madhya pradeshs mandla.
;;0.128;;on thursday morning, the congress party accused prime minister narendramodi of suffocating the judiciary.
;;0.4404;;on the ruling bjps massive victory in the elections in india, shringla said the re-election of prime minister narendramodi is a good news for india-us relationship.
;;-0.2924;;one thing about prime minister mr narendramodi , which i observed both in 2014 and now, he ensures that we dont make any commitment which is fiscally imprudent.
;;-0.5994;;in the 2014 lok sabha election, singh was in charge of prime minister narendramodi modis war room in varanasi.
;;0.8625;;in his address to party workers, he said that prime minister narendramodi himself took a broom in his hand and cleaned the roads in delhi to inspire others to do the same.
;;0.7096;;prime minister narendramodi has woken up the people and the party workers and inspired them to work for public welfare.
;;0.4215;;the first proactive efforts at tackling the calamity was seen after the new government took over on may 30 with prime minister narendramodi unveiling the jal shakti ministry, which has been formed by merging the ministry of water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation and ministry of drinking water and sanitation.
;;0.3818;;consumption and investment activity were dampened after prime minister narendramodi on november 8 announced the bold decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;0.0;;at the other end of the spectrum of speculation, following the uttar pradesh assembly election results, there are experts already wondering about what prime minister narendramodi will do in his second term.
;;0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi said on his government is focused on development of railways shedding earlier practices wherein the ministry was used as a bargaining tool by the main ruling party to distribute trophies to its allies.
;;-0.4588;;in an election rally in ghaziabad on wednesday, prime minister narendramodi attacked samajwadi partys (sp) new chief akhilesh yadav over his alliance with the congress for the upcoming polls.
;;0.2263;;read | muslims are hindus by nationality, they are muslims by faith onlyfor all its talk about developmental politics and prime minister narendramodi modis sabka saath sabka vikas, it seems that the bjp is not averse to lean on the tried and tested, but regressive and divisive, path of communal polarisation.
;;0.9042;;patna bihar chief minister nitish kumar has accepted an invite to a luncheon planned by prime minister narendramodi in honour of mauritian premier pravind jugnauth on saturday, setting off speculation that the janata dal united (jd-u) is on the verge of breaking away from the grand alliance.
;;-0.25;;aap and other opposition leaders plan a protest march to prime minister narendramodi modis residence in delhi to press for their demands.
;;0.5481;;amber said the bill in the present form was not acceptable to them and she had written a letter to prime minister narendramodi to invite religious scholars and bodies like the aimplb, jamat-e- islami and jamait-i-ulema hind for discussion before giving a nod to the new bill.
;;0.4767;;the congress claimed the results prove that the popularity of prime minister narendramodi and his government has declined.
;;0.0;;sitharaman also referred to congress vice-president rahul gandhis khoon ki dalali barb at prime minister narendramodi last year.
;;0.0;;neelkanth tiwari, who comes from prime minister narendramodi modis lok sabha constituency varanasi, becomes minister of state (independent charge) for tourism, culture, religious endowment departments following his promotion and will remain attached to chief minister as minister of state for protocol.
;;0.0;;(pti)recalling how on november 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi told the countrys 1.
;;0.0258;;maintaining that poverty alleviation and water sector are the core focus areas of his government, prime minister narendramodi on monday asked indias top bureaucrats to prepare a roadmap in order make the country a $5 trillion economy with ease of living by 2022, officials with direct knowledge of the matter said.
;;0.0;;it was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in november 2015.
;;0.5734;;year 2017, saw huge celebrations being hosted to commemorate the centenary of the university, with prime minister narendramodi attending the main event, as the riveting story of its creation hogged limelight, but the story of the university library and its evolution is no less fascinating.
;;0.0;;is it because the cic delivered an order on prime minister narendramodi modis educational details?
;;0.0;;on april 29, prime minister narendramodi said at a rally in west bengal that 40 tmc legislators were in touch with him.
;;0.34;;they later realised that democracy can be restored in the state if the narendramodi government is elected at the centre.
;;0.25;;soon after his return from the shanghai cooperation organisation summit in bishkek last night, prime minister narendramodi unveiled his vision for the indian economy at the niti aayogs meeting held at the rashtrapati bhavan on saturday.
;;0.0;;they discussed the proposed agenda/issues of states ruled by the congress and its allies to be taken up with prime minister narendramodi in the meeting of the niti aayog, sources said.
;;0.0;;unlike the november 2015 community event at wembley stadium, prime minister narendramodi will address a scaled-down, invitation-only event in london on april 18 during his visit to the uk for the commonwealth heads of government meeting.
;;0.0;;in just one video conference, prime minister narendramodi offered us clearances of eight various departments, he said.
;;0.1027;;fewer foreign exhibitors will take part in defexpo-2018 and china has not responded to an invitation to the defence ministrys military systems exhibition that will be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in chennai on april 12, a senior government official said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;the day before prime minister narendramodi was expected at the facebook headquarters at 1, hacker way, menlo park, california, in september 2015, a directive went out mandating a dress code for everyone planning to attend.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 11, 2019 14:57 istprime minister narendramodi on wednesday elevated retired ias officer pramod kumar mishra as his principal secretary and appointed former cabinet secretary pk sinha as principal advisor to the prime minister.
;;-0.25;;nripendra misra, who had been one of the first bureaucrats to be appointed to the pmo when narendramodi came to delhi in 2014, had resigned as principal secretary to the prime minister last month.
;;0.0;;in this role, senior officials recall that it was pk mishra who had introduced narendramodi to the intricacies of the bureaucracy and government.
;;0.743;;karnatakas voters have to choose between the bharatiya janata party (bjp) that works for progress and the congress that has only the name of its top leadership, said prime minister narendramodi on tuesday.
;;-0.5267;;the new year has begun on a familiar template for india-pakistan ties: talks and terror cannot go together, as prime minister narendramodi put it.
;;0.0;;uttar pradeshs new chief minister yogi adityanath is emulating prime minister narendramodi modis model of governance in the countrys most populous state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has inched closer to getting a person of his choice as the countrys next president.
;;0.1531;;palaniswami also assured the protesters that he will submit a memorandum to prime minister narendramodi on the plight of farmers and ask him to waive off their loans.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi modis vision for a new india will also help create jobs in the us, president donald trumps press secretary sean spicer said while announcing modis white house visit scheduled for june 26.
;;0.7184;;and much like prime minister narendramodi , who also sold tea in his home state gujarat to support his family, mauryas rise to the top in the states politics is nothing short of phenomenon.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi drew parallels between india and china during a one-to-one meeting with chinese president xi jinping at the hubei provincial museum in wuhan on friday afternoon.
;;0.4215;;maneka gandhi, the former women and child development minister, was widely expected to be named for the post by virtue of her seniority in the lok sabha after she did not find a place in prime minister narendramodi modis new team.
;;0.0;;the congress had on monday approached the ec asking for pictures of prime minister narendramodi to be removed from government posters at public places, including petrol pumps, in the election-bound states.
;;0.6808;;prime minister narendramodi sought in his moment of triumph on sunday to redefine india and indians, and assured that his government will work for everyone regardless of who they voted for in the five-state assembly polls.
;;0.0;;that was the day after he wrote, and made public, a letter to prime minister narendramodi in which he opted out of his cabinet on health grounds.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is carrying the bjp on his shoulders in uttarakhand.
;;0.807;;i thank the 22 crore people of up who, on the call of the worlds most popular leader pm narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, elected the party with three-fourths majority, he said.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi was worried about the state of affairs in up, and wanted to bring it back on the path of progress.
;;0.5267;;isro and nasa have a growing list of issues of cooperation, getting a boost from prime minister narendramodi modis 2014 meeting with president barack obama.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi should also reach out to them on his global tours and convince them of the new india story.
;;0.3818;;akash vijayvargiya, the bjps indore legislator who thrashed a municipal official, received a tongue lashing in-absentia from prime minister narendramodi on tuesday who made it clear that he had taken a very dim view of his conduct.
;;0.0;;this is a big deal in itself, prime minister narendramodi said at a press briefing -- his first in five years -- he attended with bjp president amit shah.
;;0.2023;;i am proud to say that we have fought narendramodi and bjp.
;;0.4404;;we have protected the institutions of this country, which is our main duty, from narendramodi , the bjp, and the rss [rashtriya swayamsevak sangh].
;;0.5574;;income tax and intelligence officials have launched an investigation to see if an organised racket virtually home delivered new banknotes from government presses or the central bank to people within days of prime minister narendramodi scrapping high-value bills.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi is leaving for france on thursday on a bilateral visit during which further boosting of defence cooperation between the two countries will be discussed.
;;0.4019;;also, prime minister narendramodi had in march 2015 set a target of lowering import dependence on oil by 10 percentage points to 67  by 2022, when the country celebrates 75 years of independence.
;;-0.6808;;the lynching of muslims, dalits and other minorities must be stopped immediately, celebrities from various fields have said in an open letter to prime minister narendramodi while also stressing that there is no democracy without dissent.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi upped the ante against the congress and the janata dal-secular alliance in karnataka on thursday saying national security is not a priority for the opposition parties.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday countered the samajwadi party-congress alliance plan to declare him a bahari (outsider) in uttar pradesh by describing himself as ups goad liya beta (adopted son) and calling the people of the state as his mai-baap (parents).
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi shows the bjps lotus symbol at a public rally in barabanki on thursday.
;;0.5423;;union home minister rajnath singh saturday asked if former prime minister indira gandhi can be credited for liberating bangladesh from pakistan, why should not prime minister narendramodi be credited for the balakot air strike.
;;-0.34;;the home minister underlined that prime minister narendramodi modis government had adopted zero-tolerance approach to such offences.
;;0.1154;;taking a jibe at prime minister narendramodi , the shiv sena said that after all it was not mann ki baat, but kaam ki baat that worked and the sena got the highest number of seats based on its development work.
;;-0.2819;;guhas comment came a couple of days after he tweeted about getting identical threat mails warning him not to be critical of prime minister narendramodi and the ruling bharatiya janata party.
;;0.4019;;china and india should work together to address sensitive issues and help each other in meeting developmental goals, chinese president xi jinping told indian prime minister narendramodi on friday.
;;-0.128;;the partys apparent return to an agenda of hindutva marks a departure from its initial election narrative built around two of prime minister narendramodi modis boldest decisions: the scrapping of high-value banknotes to fight corruption and a surgical strike against militants across the de facto border with pakistan.
;;0.4767;;contrary to aaps strategy, the bjp  riding high on the popularity of prime minister narendramodi  is attempting to bring issues such as nationalism and partys electoral surge in other parts of the country at the centre of the civic body poll discourse.
;;0.3875;;prime minister narendramodi , speaking to the scientists, said they should not be disheartened and should look towards a new dawn.
;;0.4588;;in yet another embarrassment for the beleaguered congress party, its senior leader mv rajasekharan has praised prime minister narendramodi for the bjps recent victory in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand assembly elections.
;;0.0;;although the hjs described prime minister narendramodi as their own man, they expressed reservations that the bjp led government was not able to do much for the hindus.
;;0.7964;;the spg with its 3,000 strong commandos now provides close proximate security to just four persons-- prime minister narendramodi , congress president sonia gandhi and her two children -- rahul and priyanka, a security official said.
;;0.0;;the cm met prime minister narendramodi to seek permission to supply power to pakistan and nepal.
;;0.0;;read: narendramodi is a multi-faceted personality, writes amit shahthe prime minister also spent some time at the khalvani eco-tourism site and a cactus garden in kevadiya.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi has instructed bjp mps to embark on padayatra in their constituencies and cover a distance of 150 km between october 2 and october 31, the birth anniversaries of mahatma gandhi and vallabhbhai patel respectively, parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi said tuesday.
;;0.4019;;on one side, prime minister narendramodi is appealing people to clean up their surroundings under the swachh bharat abhiyan.
;;0.5106;;on being questioned if the formation of the chief of defence staff (cds), as announced by prime minister narendramodi on august 15, will be beneficial in the future, the chief said, cds will be able to prioritise defence procurement and expenditure.
;;0.3612;;indiaupdated: aug 31, 2019 05:20 ista campaign to discourage single-use plastic, promote water conversation and distributing fruits in orphanages are among things the bharatiya janata party (bjp) is planning to mark prime minister narendramodi modis birthday next month.
;;-0.4019;;although they support prime minister narendramodi for his muscular policy towards pakistan and the bjps overall hindutva pitch, they also complain that the goods and services tax (gst) had put an additional burden on small-scale enterprises.
;;0.0;;will you raise the issue in your meetings with prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley?
;;-0.5106;;ranchiupdated: aug 05, 2019 02:52 isttigers no longer roar at jharkhands lone and one of indias first tiger habitats, palamau tiger reserve (ptr), according to all india tiger estimation (aite)-2018 report, released by prime minister narendramodi on july 29, the international tiger day.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the demonetisation of high denomination banknotes on november 8.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and his senior bjp colleagues have publicly placed their names to it all.
;;-0.7096;;the loss had raised questions over his style of confrontational politics, often taking on prime minister narendramodi and blaming the bjp-led government at the centre of creating hurdles for the aap government.
;;0.8176;;the charisma of prime minister narendramodi , popularity of nda governemnts welfare schemes and the hard work done by our booth-level will surely work in our favour, baghel said.
;;0.0;;it showed the minister asking the crowd at a rally to beat prime minister narendramodi modis photograph with slippers.
;;0.2023;;shri arun jaitley shall be assigned the charge of the ministry of defence, in addition to his existing portfolios  president of india (@rashtrapatibhvn) march 13, 2017the president, acting on prime minister narendramodi modis advice, assigned the charge of the defence ministry to arun jaitley, who is also the finance minister.
;;0.6808;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi said india supports connectivity projects that are inclusive, transparent and respect territorial sovereignty.
;;0.4939;;us president donald trump called prime minister narendramodi on monday to congratulate him on his recent state election victories, white house press secretary sean spicer told reporters at a daily briefing.
;;0.0;;gueterres has steadfastly held to his position publicly and privately, his spokesman stphane dujarric said last week, citing the secretary generals meeting with prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the g-7 in biarritz, france, phone conversation with pakistans foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi and personally to permanent representative lodi.
;;0.3818;;while bjps victory across the country is seen as a referendum on prime minister narendramodi modis leadership, in maharashtra, the credit for the partys performance also goes to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.6486;;negative campaigning by the opposition parties notwithstanding, demonetisation has paid rich dividends to prime minister narendramodi and the bjp, as the party is set for landslide victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi on friday fired a fresh salvo at the congress and raised the chargesheet filed in the agustawestland vvip chopper case at a rally in uttarakhands dehradun.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi modis government late friday surprised analysts by announcing a series of mergers that will create four new lenders that will hold business worth 55.
;;0.0;;he took a jibe at prime minister narendramodi modis style of functioning and counting as his achievements the welfare projects that were initiated by the congress.
;;0.5719;;i will take their help too to fulfil the dream of prime minister narendramodi , he said.
;;0.743;;it now remains to be seen whether the authorities heading the namami gange (clean ganga) mission, a pet project of prime minister narendramodi launched to clean and revive the river, will extend it to states though which the rivers flow.
;;0.875;;indiaupdated: aug 30, 2019 07:41 istprime minister narendramodi on thursday launched the nation-wide fit india movement to celebrate the national sports day and encourage people to inculcate physical activity and sports in their everyday lives.
;;-0.6956;;but remember, if the modi-shah regime [referring to prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah] returns to power, they will destroy the nation, the land and democracy.
;;-0.1901;;the year was announced during the november 2015 visit of prime minister narendramodi , but the brexit vote six months later has prompted extra focus as india is among the top countries britain is courting to compensate for the loss of european market.
;;0.5859;;in almost all his election rallies across the country, prime minister narendramodi has been mentioning the successful conduct of kumbh-2019 in uttar pradeshs prayagraj.
;;0.5859;;with hindutva and hindu pride being the inherent message, every event of the kumbh was played up by prime minister narendramodi , up chief minister yogi adityanath and his cabinet colleagues.
;;0.4215;;a cut-out poster of prime minister narendramodi , put up barely 50 metres from the sangam ghat, was presented as a popular selfie point for visitors.
;;0.4019;;party spokespersons have been attributing the bjps performance to the charisma of prime minister narendramodi and the organisational skills of bjp president amit shah.
;;0.6597;;samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav on tuesday took on prime minister narendramodi on his reference to the alliance in uttar pradesh as mahamilawat and asked what would the bjps alliance with 38 parties be called.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has vowed to end indias role as the worlds largest arms importer by getting foreign firms to impart technology to local players and then manufacture in india.
;;0.2023;;at the end of may (last year), indian prime minister narendramodi visited iran and it had an important outcome.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was the lynchpin of the saffron partys campaign in uttarakhand that went to polls on february 15.
;;0.8748;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday described the united arab emirates (uae) as one of indias most valued partners and a close friend in an important region of the world.
;;0.5859;;dushyant is banking on development and prime minister narendramodi and raje to win lok sabha polls again.
;;0.7717;;government encouraged farmers like hukumchand patidar of jhalawar who was awarded padamshri by the narendramodi government.
;;-0.5106;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on tuesday demanded cancellation of prime minister narendramodi modis candidature from varanasi for shamelessly indulging in horse trading, a day after he claimed 40 tmc mlas were in touch with him.
;;-0.7003;;you (ec) are thus requested to ask mr. narendramodi , the prime minister, for evidence in support of his statement, failing which his nomination should be cancelled for violation of the model code of conduct by making such provocative and undemocratic statements, the letter said.
;;-0.1027;;since political funding has been accepted by all parties as a relevant issue in curbing black money and stopping corrupt politicians, no one can deny that prime minister narendramodi has done something which should have been done long back, he added.
;;0.0;;analysisupdated: aug 14, 2019 07:53 istafter his government voided article 370, prime minister narendramodi said that a new age has begun in jammu-kashmir and ladakh.
;;0.128;;worldupdated: aug 25, 2019 12:31 istprime minister narendramodi on sunday launched the usd 4.
;;-0.5574;;the remarks come at a time when the bjp-led central government is pushing for a ban on triple talaq with prime minister narendramodi on saturday urging muslims not to view it from a political perspective.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi tops the list, which includes bjp president amit shah, union ministers rajnath singh, nitin gadkari, arun jaitley, m. venkaiah naidu, ram vilas paswan, sanjeev baliyan, uma bharti and smriti irani.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi has strived to upgrade every component of this sector.
;;-0.9231;;a senior official of uttar pradeshs premier bridge construction agency that was building the flyover in varanasi, a portion of which gave way on tuesday killing at least 18 people, said on wednesday the collapse was a natural disaster and blamed the authorities of prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency for the deaths.
;;0.0;;the telephonic conversation between president donald trump and prime minister narendramodi could set the tone for the future of indo-us relationship under a republican administration.
;;0.3071;;taking on prime minister narendramodi would be the ultimate battle, the best talking point of the 2019 poll exercise but is that what priyanka would want?
;;-0.3612;;as the controversy over the picture of prime minister narendramodi on the calendar of khadi and village industries commission (kvic) continues, the shri gandhi ashram in sewapuri here struggles for survival.
;;0.6369;;if patients are underserved, doctors are overworked, as highlighted by prime minister narendramodi modis tweet congratulating all hardworking doctors for their round the clock effort to make our society fit and healthy on national doctors day, july 1.
;;0.4019;;( photo: shivam saxena/hindustan times )a brightly-decorated mini truck, stationed outside the bjp headquarters on deen dayal upadhyay marg, is selling merchandise with party insignia, slogans and prime minister narendramodi modis name.
;;0.0;;in two-and-a-half years, prime minister narendramodi has provided employment to 8 crore youth across the country.
;;-0.0276;;the bjps political adversaries have accused the ruling dispensation of centralising everything around prime minister narendramodi , who remains the partys most popular face.
;;0.5106;;in the recent state assembly elections, for instance, the campaign revolved around pm narendramodi and his style of development oriented, corruption free governance.
;;0.7096;;this was in sharp contrast to the warm welcome and hugs from prime minister narendramodi that marked the arrivals of other foreign dignitaries  an issue highlighted by the media as a snub from the indian government.
;;0.0;;on august 30, prime minister narendramodi , through video conferencing from the national capital, will inaugurate these ahwcs in kasan (gurugram), bara (ambala), shahjahanpur (faridabad), sataundi (karnal), mahra (sonepat), barsana (kaithal), kairaka (mewat), sector 9 (panchkula), rakhi shahpur (hisar), and sulhera (jind).
;;-0.8519;;only prime minister narendramodi can resolve the problems plaguing kashmir, chief minister mehbooba mufti said on saturday as her government struggled to keep a lid on increasing violence and bitterness in the valley.
;;0.4767;;the mcis directive comes days after prime minister narendramodi spoke of putting in place a legal framework to ensure that doctors prescribed low-cost generic medicines to patients.
;;0.0;;the bihar regional committee of the cpi (maoists), an outlawed left wing extremists (lwe) group, has called for magadh division bandh covering four districts gaya, aurangabad, nawada and jehanabad on april 2 when prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to address an election rally in gaya.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi also tweeted his congratulations on the launch by the state-run indian space research organisation (isro).
;;-0.7717;;also read:indias auto parts makers warn of 1 million job cuts if slowdown continuesprime minister narendramodi modis 2016 ban on high-value bank notes, higher tax rates under a new goods and services tax regime, a boom of ride-sharing firms such as uber and ola, and a weak rural economy have all played a role.
;;0.3818;;early recovery unlikelywith the autos sector employing more than 35 million people directly and indirectly, and contributing more than 7  to indias gdp and accounting for 49  of its manufacturing gdp, the fallout from the autos slump is huge and presents a big challenge to prime minister narendramodi modis government as it begins its second term.
;;0.3612;;this comes almost three months after chief minister devendra fadnavis during the groundbreaking ceremony of the greenfield airport by prime minister narendramodi had said that one terminal building and one runway will be ready by december 2019.
;;0.5106;;indiaupdated: aug 20, 2019 10:11 istus president donald trump has said he spoke with two good friends prime minister narendramodi and pakistans imran khan and urged them to work towards reducing tensions in kashmir hours after his phone calls to the two leaders.
;;0.3182;;7  on tuesday as investors saw prime minister narendramodi modis landslide victory in uttar pradesh as an endorsement of his economic reform agenda.
;;0.4019;;a senior bjp goa leader and former state minister wilfred mesquita has written to prime minister narendramodi expressing his displeasure against the goings-on in the local party unit claiming that they have been patronising corruption and working against the prime ministers objectives.
;;-0.1027;;(ht photo)11am: bjp leader vijender gupta casts his vote, says that with prime minister narendramodi ruling the nation, chief minister arvind kejriwal will find it hard to rule the national capital again.
;;0.0;;he also referred to prime minister narendramodi , former prime minister atal bihar vajpayee and late external affairs minister sushma swaraj who delivered their speeches at the un general assembly in hindi.
;;0.0;;fugitive liquor baron vijay mallya on sunday quoted an interview of prime minister narendramodi to assert that the government has already recovered more than what he allegedly owed to banks.
;;0.0;;a fortnight after prime minister narendramodi expressed concern about wastage of food in his monthly mann ki baat radio programme, minister of consumer affairs, food and public distribution ram vilas paswan told ht that his ministry is drafting a questionnaire for hotels and restaurants to explain what dish sizes they should serve to a customer.
;;0.4215;;all the proposed reforms have been linked to monetary incentives as part of the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut), a ud ministry scheme launched by prime minister narendramodi in june 2015 to upgrade urban infrastructure in 500 cities.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi and rural development and panchayat minister, narendramodi singh tomar, gave away the awards at jabalpur, madhya pradesh, on tuesday.
;;-0.6249;;senior goa aam aadmi party leader oscar rebello hit out at his outfits obsession with prime minister narendramodi , saying the partys criticism of the demonetisation exercise and the surgical strikes appeared to have had boomeranged.
;;0.4939;;the nda government ran successfully under prime minister narendramodi at the centre and under nitish kumar in bihar.
;;-0.8519;;in the speech, gandhi has been quoted in the media as questioning why all thieves had the surname modi, mentioning fugitive diamantaire nirav modi, former cricket administrator lalit modi, who , too, had flown abroad facing charges of financial irregularities, and prime minister narendramodi , whom he has accused of wrongdoing in the rafale jet fighter deal, a charge the central government has repeatedly denied.
;;0.0;;a three-member committee headed by prime minister narendramodi will meet on monday to decide on the chief of the countrys premier probe agency central bureau of investigation.
;;0.25;;before leaving for his day-long campaign trail from choudhury charan singh airport here, union home minister rajnath singh had a chance meeting with prime minister narendramodi , who was heading towards kannauj, the parliamentary constituency of dimple yadav, wife of chief minister akhilesh yadav.
;;0.34;;vehicle registration at the city rtos dropped last year, after prime minister narendramodi announced his decision to scrap high value notes on november 8, said rto sources.
;;0.2732;;the bjp president, widely credited, along with prime minister narendramodi , the partys star campaigner, for the success the bjp has seen over the past four years also warned the audience against arrogance, complacence, and lack of attention to the party organisation.
;;0.8519;;the personal website of prime minister narendramodi was unveiled with a major revamp on thursday, recounting not only the achievements of his government but also anecdotes from his childhood when he often celebrated both hindu and muslim festivals.
;;0.1531;;the atmosphere in gujarat as well as india was very volatile when narendramodi was cutting his teeth as an activist.
;;0.0;;das forayed the area days ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis election rally on april 24 in lohardagas bs college ground.
;;0.6705;;when prime minister narendramodi gave the slogan sabka saath sabka vikas, he actually showed his determination to bring development for all sections of the society and succeeded.
;;-0.6249;;it was bjps narendramodi who gave pakistan a befitting reply by striking terrorists inside its territory.
;;-0.4767;;in his last two major political speeches, congress president rahul gandhi named and targeted prime minister narendramodi for attack 99 times over a stretch of 65 minutes.
;;0.34;;this is a clear deviation from the past when the congress would avoid narendramodi personally, out of concern that the move may backfire and that modi could twist the situation to his advantage.
;;-0.1531;;it is better for the congress to criticise the policies and highlight the failures of the government rather than narendramodi , kumar said.
;;0.0;;the election of narendramodi as prime minister in 2014 was the beginning of the end of politics of appeasement and the 2019 mandate is to end it forever, said shah.
;;-0.25;;also read | denied car in dowry, man gives triple talaq to his bride two hours after nikahthis is a reflection of prime minister narendramodi modis decisive leadership, he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will meet women mps of the bjp over breakfast at his official residence here on friday, sources said on thursday.
;;-0.1027;;stoking a controversy, senior congress leader mallikarjun kharge sunday asked whether prime minister narendramodi would hang himself at vijay chowk in delhi if his prediction of the opposition party getting less than 40 seats in lok sabha polls is proven wrong.
;;0.0516;;the officials said the union rural development ministry has already reached out to a large number of women to seek their help after prime minister narendramodi modis call to curb the plastic menace in his independence day speech.
;;0.2732;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , also decided to create a stockpile of four million tonnes of sugar for one year at a cost of rs 1,674 crore.
;;0.5994;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 18:01 istamid reports of friction between the saffron allies over seat sharing for the upcoming maharashtra assembly polls, prime minister narendramodi modis visit to mumbai on saturday indicated that all was well among the allies.
;;0.3612;;nor was it a vote for the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , as many political pundits would like us to believe.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping on friday discussed ways to cement their bilateral relationship as they opened a two-day informal one of its kind summit in the central chinese city of wuhan.
;;0.0;;30: a clip of the meeting between narendramodi and xi xinping in wuhan.
;;0.5256;;02 pm: the people of india feel really proud that im maybe the first prime minister of india, for whom, you (chinese president) have come out of the capital twice to receive me, says prime minister narendramodi during delegation level talks in wuhan.
;;0.296;;3:20pm: prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping visit an exhibition of marquis yi of zeng cultural relics & treasure (hubei provincial museum).
;;0.296;;#watch: prime minister narendramodi & chinese president xi jinping at an exhibition of marquis yi of zeng cultural relics & treasure (hubei provincial museum) #china pic.
;;0.0;;visuals of prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping's one on one meeting in #china's wuhan.
;;0.0;;#watch: prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping witness a cultural programme at hubei provincial museum.
;;-0.7783;;the mns chief has been launching scathing attacks on prime minister narendramodi over the ganga cleaning project, pulwama attack, ujjwala yojana, note ban, gst rollout, etc, at his rallies, which have attracted large crowds.
;;0.0;;beginning may 14, fuel outlets in eight states will be shut every sunday following prime minister narendramodi modis call to conserve oil, a fuel pump owners body said here today.
;;-0.7269;;in his 30-minute speech, the bjp leader also credited prime minister narendramodi for the united nations declaring pakistan-based terrorist masood azhar a global terrorist.
;;0.8271;;prime minister narendramodi was on thursday conferred with united arab emiratess highest civilian decoration, the order of zayed, awarded to those who contribute to international leadership in strengthening relations with the country.
;;0.8591;;we have historical and comprehensive strategic ties with india, reinforced by the pivotal role of my dear friend, prime minister narendramodi , who gave these relations a big boost.
;;-0.4588;;asked about the demand for an apology made by robert vadra and the congress, the union information and broadcasting minister said people criticising do not have any moral right as they have called prime minister narendramodi by different names.
;;0.1027;;they called narendramodi by names like hitler, moussolini, gaddaffi and impotent also.
;;0.0;;follow live updates hereas polling started prime minister narendramodi urged young voters to vote in record numbers.
;;0.926;;the win in up is not a momentary outburst of peoples sentiments for the bjp, but the wind is blowing in favour of the party as people have faith in prime minister narendramodi , rupani said.
;;-0.4019;;the outcome of the five-state, february-march polls has put the spring back on the feet of the partys gujarat unit, which has been besieged by a clutch of problems since its mascot chief minister narendramodi left the state to become the prime minister in 2014.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 09, 2019 06:12 istexternal affairs minister s jaishankar will prepare the diplomatic groundwork for prime minister narendramodi modis unga visit this month and hold bilateral talks with his us counterpart mike pompeo on september 30 to further cement indo-american ties, senior officials familiar with the schedule said on sunday.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi hosted a dinner meeting for key leaders of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) at his residence in delhi on friday, sources said.
;;0.5574;;as per the district adminstration, the campaign has brought around 6,000 girls to government schools in the last one year --- a fact that earned it praise from prime minister narendramodi during his last mann ki baat address to the nation.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi has repeatedly said that the north-east is at the heart of governments act east policy, a rechristening of the look east policy launched by pv narasimha rao government in early 1990s.
;;0.0;;pandjaitan made the remarks while speaking on india-indonesia maritime cooperation at the nehru memorial museum and library in new delhi, days ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to indonesia on may 31.
;;0.3818;;india as the largest economy must take up its leadership, there is need to put dynamism into the commonwealth, he told newspersons in london, adding that prime minister narendramodi will attend the upcoming commonwealth heads of government meeting in april.
;;0.4215;;taking the political fight against the bharatiya janata party to the home state of prime minister narendramodi , the party had decided to contest the high-stakes gujarat assembly elections which are scheduled to be held in december, besides contesting in the hill state of himachal pradesh.
;;-0.8126;;activists have asked prime minister narendramodi not to preside over the unveiling of the 112-foot tall statue of shiva at isha centre in coimbatore on friday over alleged violation of environmental norms by the organisers, isha foundation of yoga guru jaggi vasudev, which has denied the accusations.
;;0.1027;;india friday said its decision to purchase s-400 missile defence system from russia did not figure during the talks between prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump though they discussed ways to step up the bilateral military cooperation.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi often reiterates that his government is dedicated to the welfare of the poorest of the poor, rawat said.
;;0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi flayed chief minister harish rawat for his bahubali (strongman) image on saturday and urged the electorate to help him free uttarakhand from a corrupt government.
;;0.4767;;and the biggest beneficiary of this is prime minister narendramodi modis digital india campaign, which aims to spread internet literacy even in the remotest parts of the country.
;;0.0;;in some of his posts, pandey had requested prime minister narendramodi to find a way for bailing out the traders hit by the policies of the nda government.
;;-0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday treated the congress as his punching bag in the lok sabha during his reply to a discussion in lok sabha, rebutting criticism that his government had attempted to corner credit for indias development and belittled his predecessors.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi address an election campaign rally in jaunpur on saturday.
;;-0.5719;;the congress was a dartboard for prime minister narendramodi as he responded to a marathon discussion in the rajya sabha on wednesday, accusing the opposition party of insulting the mandate of people because the bjp won the national elections and blaming electronic voting machines for their defeat.
;;0.5517;;urging prime minister narendramodi to give the army a free hand to hit back and avenge paramjits death, he said: modi has not lost his brother we cannot tolerate such treatment being meted out to our jawans every day.
;;-0.2732;;the relation between prime minister narendramodi and bengal chief minister mamata banerjee is passing through an all-time low.
;;0.5859;;the talks between doval and patrushev, who is the secretary of the russian national security council, covered preparations for prime minister narendramodi modis visit to vladivostok for the eastern economic forum in early september, bilateral cooperation between the two national security councils, and other regional and international issues, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
;;0.7003;;the cm had written to prime minister narendramodi on wednesday, seeking a special flood relief package for the state.
;;-0.296;;the bjp mp from unnao said, prime minister narendramodi said a crematorium should be constructed next to a graveyard.
;;0.7096;;indiaupdated: aug 08, 2019 23:50 istin his first public address after the government pushed through constitutional changes with regard to jammu and kashmir (j&k), prime minister narendramodi reached out to citizens in the state-turned-union territory with a vision of peace and development for the future.
;;0.3415;;senior congress leader anand sharma said pm narendramodi modis speech was hardly reassuring for the people of the state.
;;-0.4767;;congress president rahul gandhi on thursday continued his attack on the government over the rafale aircraft deal and said prime minister narendramodi was not answering his questions because there was something fishy in it.
;;0.886;;why do fadnavis and his party need such people to win elections, given that prime minister narendramodi is popular and the chief minister himself compares well with the states politicians?
;;0.6486;;the ambassador reminded his guests  who included ceos and business leaders from india and the united states  the importance that prime minister narendramodi attaches to the development of states in india under the larger concept of cooperative federalism.
;;-0.1531;;hailing prime minister narendramodi modis speech at the second raisina dialogue, indias flagship geo-political conference, congress leader shashi tharoor on wednesday said that he has no ideological disagreement with the former on foreign policy, adding that hosting delegates from 65 countries is healthy affair from national point of view.
;;-0.2023;;the maharashtra police claim to have unearthed separate maoists plots to purportedly assassinate prime minister narendramodi in a rajiv gandhi-type incident during one of his road shows and targeting state chief minister devendra fadnavis for initiating operations against rebels.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi said of the mission as anxious faces in the 7,500-strong visitor gallery and tension in the mission control room gave way to cheers and applause.
;;0.0;;corruption was rampant in corporations but prime minister narendramodi did not act.
;;0.4939;;talking to media on wednesday at ahmedabad, prasad said prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah showed immense courage and corrected that historic blunder.
;;0.5994;;it (article 370 of the constitution) was a historical blunder committed (that time) and (by scrapping the special status) narendramodi as our pm, showing immense courage, corrected that historical wrong, prasad said.
;;0.4023;;the money bills cant be rejected by the rajya sabha, where prime minister narendramodi modis government doesnt have a majority to push through key legislation.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday blamed manipurs congress government for not taking the necessary steps to end the economic blockade that has crippled the north-eastern state.
;;0.3612;;he said prime minister narendramodi had assured him full cooperation for the development of the state.
;;0.2732;;singh, who was speaking to reporters outside parliament after meeting prime minister narendramodi , said sidhu should have accepted his new portfolio and not shunned work in the middle of the crucial paddy season.
;;0.0;;use social media for public service and not self-promotion, prime minister narendramodi told bureaucrats on friday, even as he pulled up a section of officials who he said spent too much time online.
;;-0.0516;;also read: chandrayaan 2 moon landing: 60 students to watch india make history along with prime minister narendramodi at isroheres a look at the space agencys big achievements over the years:super spy satellite in 2019: isro, in its third mission of the year in may this year, successfully put into orbit an earth observation satellite that can see through thick clouds and enhance the countrys surveillance capabilities in military and civilian sectors to keep an eye also on terror camps across the border in pakistan.
;;0.0;;li commented about the nsg issue at a media briefing on monday morning, days ahead of a possible meeting between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana during june 8-9.
;;0.6369;;as rightly said by our honourable prime minister narendramodi , sports and fitness is for all, he added.
;;0.7564;;asked whether the union government would consider bihars demand for special status, the former deputy chief minister said what prime minister narendramodi had given to bihar in terms of financial package was much more than granting special status.
;;0.4019;;at a recent national executive meeting of the bjp, prime minister narendramodi advised party leaders not to seek tickets for their kin for the assembly polls to be held in five states.
;;0.0;;up chief minister yogi adityanath said many had initially thought that prime minister narendramodi had nominated namoona (an oddity or maverick) as cm but indicated that it wasnt the case.
;;-0.7717;;prime minister narendramodi on friday met un secretary general antonio guterres here on the sidelines of an economic summit and stressed on multilateralism to address global challenges such as terrorism.
;;0.0;;rapid was coined by prime minister narendramodi during the rajswa gyan sangam (revenue knowledge conclave) of the tax officers last year.
;;0.3818;;the whip comes after prime minister narendramodi on tuesday pulled up his partys members of parliament, who had been skipping sittings or its debates, delivering a clear message that the bjp was keeping a close watch on their attendance in the house and its many panels.
;;0.0;;on friday, when prime minister narendramodi was in guwahati to inaugurate the 9.
;;-0.2023;;in a clear message amidst the chill in bilateral ties, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked pakistan to walk away from terror if it wants to have dialogue with india.
;;-0.9274;;read | raisina dialogue: pm narendramodi slams pakistan, reaches out to chinain an obvious reference to pakistan, the prime minister also asserted that indias belief in delinking terrorism from religion, and rejecting artificial distinctions between good and bad terrorism, are now a global talking point.
;;0.0;;from schools to universities, all educational institutions in madhya pradesh will have to prominently display pictures of prime minister narendramodi and swami vivekananda.
;;-0.6908;;rahul gandhi, congress vice-president then, attacked the government in a series of tweets in november asking why prime minister narendramodi bypassed hindustan aeronautics limited to give the deal to an aa rated businessman with no defence experience.
;;0.0;;the 2017 uk-india year of culture was announced during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the uk in november 2015 as a celebration of the deep cultural ties between india and the uk and the 70th anniversary of indias independence through a year-long programme of events and exhibitions in india and the uk.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 17, 2019 17:59 istprime minister narendramodi arrived in bhutan saturday morning for a two-day visit which is being seen as a bid to diversify indias partnership with the kingdom from the hydro-power sector to enhanced trade and linkages in space and education.
;;0.3182;;pm narendramodi later held delegation levels talk with dr. lotay tshering where steps to further expand india-bhutan partnership across several sectors were discussed said a tweet from foreign ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar.
;;0.1531;;9:57am: prime minister narendramodi wishes former prime minister and janata dal (secular) leader hd deve gowda on his birthday.
;;-0.7003;;8am: hansraj gangaram ahir, the junior home minister in the narendramodi government, says congress president rahul gandhi insulted the country when he compared karnataka political turmoil with pakistan.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi , who has been criticised for calling former prime minister rajiv gandhi corrupt, on wednesday launched a scathing counterstrike at congress chief rahul gandhi and his party with a laundry list of abuses hurled at him, before and after becoming the prime minister.
;;0.3182;;the sena rarely targeted fadnavis personally even when it pulled no punches taking on the bjp and its top leaders, including prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah.
;;0.4019;;she also took on prime minister narendramodi and turned bharatiya janata party chief amit shahs metaphorical kasab, an acronym for the hindi pronunciation of congress-sp-bsp, on its head.
;;0.0;;9) twin villages in uttar pradesh adopted by pm modi seek more attentionjayapur is one of the two villages adopted by prime minister narendramodi in his varanasi lok sabha constituency under the sansad adarsh gram yojna in 2014.
;;0.5106;;thereafter, with every phase the tone grew shriller as campaigning reached its crescendo by the time it reached the last two phases that covered prime constituencies of veteran leaders like narendramodi and mulayam singh yadav.
;;0.0;;7:34 am ist all eyes on varanasi, big test for sp-bsp alliance in east up varanasi, the seat of prime minister narendramodi , will go to polls along with 12 other parliamentary seats on may 19, the last phase of the ongoing general elections.
;;0.0;;chief minister pinarayi vijayan shot off a letter to the prime minister narendramodi saying the centre cannot prepare the menu and change the food habits of the people.
;;0.1779;;cows are considered holy by many hindus, and have gained in importance since prime minister narendramodi stormed to power in 2014 as several bjp-ruled states enacted strict laws to punish cow slaughter.
;;0.25;;at the eas and arf meetings, jaishankar will enumerate indias vision for the indo-pacific as elaborated by prime minister narendramodi in his address at the shangri la dialogue in singapore in 2018, the external affairs ministry said.
;;0.296;;india and malaysia on saturday agreed to strengthen their strategic partnership for mounting an effective response to common challenges of terrorism and extremism during the talks prime minister narendramodi had with his malayasian counterpart najib razak.
;;-0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi gave the message of a united india by abrogating article 370 within a year of vajpayees death, he added.
;;0.4019;;bjp state unit president swatantra dev singh said prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah were working to realise vajpayees dreams for the nation.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi will kick off his nepal visit from janakpur, an important religious centre in the terai plains where lord ram was supposed to have wed sita according to the ramayana.
;;0.0;;after laying the foundation stone for the mumbai-ahmedbad high speed rail corridor in september 2017, prime minister narendramodi described this project as one of the markers of a new india.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi has invited us president donald trump to visit india even as the leaders have agreed to work closely in the coming days to further strengthen ties between their countries.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi said his government has so far distributed 10 crore lpg connections, four crore of which were given free.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping on saturday held talks in qingdao to draw a blueprint for deepening bilateral relationship and reviewed the implementation of decisions they had taken at an informal summit in wuhan, reflecting a renewed momentum in their ties.
;;0.8271;;further strengthening the positive momentum in the bilateral relationship generated at the wuhan informal summit, pm narendramodi had a warm and forward looking meeting with chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the sco summit, kumar tweeted.
;;-0.7184;;defence minister rajnath singh will lay the wreath to the fallen in drass on july 20, and will be with prime minister narendramodi at the national war memorial on anniversary of the day india declared victory at kargil.
;;0.6124;;nawaz sharif was the victim again when pakistan army chief general raheel sharif scuttled a bold peace initiative when prime minister narendramodi landed at lahore airport on december 25, 2015 while returning to delhi from kabul.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and his japanese counterpart, shinzo abe, laid the foundation stone for the mumbai-ahmedabad bullet train project in 2017 to mark indias shift to highspeed trains and as part of efforts to upgrade the countrys infrastructure.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, a third of these were recorded between 3 pm and 4 pm, around the same time that prime minister narendramodi tweeted his victory post.
;;0.0;;5l-rs 5lmixed response in pms constituencyunion budget evoked a mixed response in prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency.
;;0.3818;;sonia named prime minister narendramodi for making tall promises to the people in 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.3818;;sonia said, prime minister narendramodi had made tall promises to the people.
;;0.0;;on march 27, prime minister narendramodi , in a televised address to the nation, announced that india has entered the elite club of nations to possess the capability to hit a target in space.
;;0.296;;they havent signed the proposal yet but they wont oppose it, parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi said after four top bjp leaders including prime minister narendramodi signed the proposal to nominate om birla.
;;0.4404;;the ndas victory, propelled by prime minister narendramodi modis incomparable popularity, was matched only in scale by the congress-led united progressive alliance (upa)s humbling defeat.
;;0.7964;;prime minister narendramodi has encouraged maximum voting and is interested in those constituencies which post maximum votes and i hope sultanpur would be among those, she said.
;;-0.296;;meanwhile, singhvi also claimed that prime minister narendramodi modis use of caste references during the election campaign is a sign of nervousness.
;;0.0;;digigaon projectglobal it firms are making a beeline to india after prime minister narendramodi unleashed the multi-billion dollar digital india initiative.
;;0.4576;;uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav is more interested in doing kaam ki baat (practical work) rather than mann ki baat, sp candidate and his wife dimple yadav said on wednesday in an apparent dig at prime minister narendramodi modis monthly radio address mann ki baat.
;;0.0;;sewa saptah the programme spanning a week is being observed to mark prime minister narendramodi modis birthday on september 17.
;;0.5719;;speaking to ani, maurya said, on the occasion of prime minister narendramodi modis birthday, all the bjp workers have decided to celebrate it in a form of sewa saptah.
;;0.6249;;talking about the first 100 days of narendramodi , maurya said, he has done great things for india in 100 days which congress could not have achieved even in 100 years.
;;-0.7184;;known as one of the most accessible ministers in narendramodi modis first government, swaraj died of a cardiac arrest late tuesday night at the all india institute of medical sciences in delhi.
;;0.6124;;one of the first visitors was prime minister narendramodi , who termed swaraj a prolific orator and an outstanding parliamentarian.
;;0.4019;;also read: tesla seeks apples help to nail robocar-secrets thiefin 2015, prime minister narendramodi visited tesla headquarters at palo alto, california and met musk who gave modi a tour of the companys electric car plant.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi released a new series of visually-impaired friendly circulation coins on march 7.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on friday led at least 30,000 people in a mass session of exercise and meditation in jharkhands capital ranchi as millions across the country stretched and bend on the fifth edition of international yoga day.
;;0.0;;the soldier requested prime minister narendramodi modis intervention.
;;-0.7121;;the congress insulted dalit icon br ambedkar and does not care for the community, said prime minister narendramodi on sunday, responding after the opposition partys president rahul gandhi tweeted a video.
;;-0.8316;;days after 49 celebrities wrote to prime minister narendramodi expressing concern over mob killings, a counter-letter by 61 eminent personalities questions the selective outrage.
;;-0.0857;;prime minister narendramodi is taking the country ahead, but the shiv sena doesnt want to see india leading the world, he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is today scheduled to inaugurate indias longest span, the 9.
;;-0.25;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday took a veiled dig at congress president rahul gandhi, saying the top opposition leader could not still come out of the impact of election results which showed weakness.
;;0.3182;;the best news is that prime minister narendramodi modis government, which has loudly touted its stewardship of the indian economy, appears to have woken up to the scale of the problem.
;;0.3818;;the ncmc meeting, headed by cabinet secretary pradip kumar sinha met, was called on the directions of prime minister narendramodi , who is closely monitoring the situation and have asked the committee to ensure all preparations to deal with any situation, said a statement released by cabinet secretariat.
;;0.5859;;only then will prime minister narendramodi modis vision of a naya kashmir be fulfilled.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis advice to bureaucrats not to use social media for self- promotion today led to a spat between rahul gandhi and smriti irani.
;;0.5106;;the mission was introduced after prime minister narendramodi pledged to make india open defecation free by 2019 during his independence day speech in 2014.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 03, 2019 07:22 ista five-year roadmap on hydrocarbon cooperation and new indian investments in russian oilfields are expected to be announced during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to vladivostok this week, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said monday.
;;0.4215;;businessupdated: aug 29, 2019 15:03 istthe union cabinet on wednesday approved 26  foreign direct investment (fdi) in digital media, in what may be seen as an extension of prime minister narendramodi modis digital india campaign.
;;0.0772;;minutes after he praised rahul gandhis decision to contest from wayanad in north kerala, sinha in a three-part thread on twitter, referred to prime minister narendramodi as sir ji and to union textiles minister and the bjp candidate from amethi smriti irani as madam in his criticism of bjp chief amit shah and smriti iranis remarks on gandhis candidature from a second seat.
;;-0.1027;;addressing workers, aap state convener gurpreet singh waraich said prime minister narendramodi is directly responsible for the problems being faced by common man due to demonetisation.
;;-0.3182;;we will go door-to-door and convince people to break the negativity and contribute to the development of the city under leadership of prime minister narendramodi , tiwari had said.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 12, 2019 18:37 istprime minister narendramodi on thursday turned teacher and guided state legislators on how to stand for group photographs.
;;0.6369;;sinha asked prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah to take note of the unparliamentarily utterances of some people against a senior and party loyalist.
;;-0.6908;;indian prime minister narendramodi on tuesday defended his decision to abolish high denomination bank notes that has left the economy reeling, calling it a fight for the poor.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to visit the united states in september for the upcoming un general assembly meetings and along with his usual interactions at the world body and other leaders on the sidelines, he is likely to address indian americans at an event in houston, houston.
;;0.5719;;zero tolerance for terroryogi, who also addressed rallies in agra and etah districts on the day, applauded prime minister narendramodi for serving the nation tirelessly and implementing welfare schemes without any discrimination among citizens.
;;0.7506;;the three summit-level meetings that prime minister narendramodi has had with frances president emmanuel macron (august 22-23), united states president donald trump (august 26), and finally, russian president vladimir putin (september 4-5) display a remarkable dexterity in our foreign policy.
;;0.4767;;a tmc spokesman, however, said the matter is politically motivated and continues the trend of political vendetta by prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah against political opponents.
;;-0.3612;;madhya pradesh chief minister kamal nath has cleared the decks for implementing two central schemes including the 10  reservation for education and jobs for economically weaker sections after meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on june 6, officials said on wednesday.
;;0.34;;trinamool congress leader and nephew of west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, abhishek banerjee, on saturday sent a defamation notice to prime minister narendramodi for his alleged derogatory remarks made against him in a public rally on wednesday at bengals diamond harbour.
;;0.296;;in india, westinghouse has been in talks with state-owned nuclear power corporation of india about a contract to build six ap1000s, a project strongly backed by both prime minister narendramodi and former us president barack obama.
;;0.3612;;whats more, prime minister narendramodi is expected in up at least thrice - in greater noida on september 9, varanasi on september 17 (his birthday) and mathura on september 11.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi arrived in russia , the third leg of his four-nation tour of europe, late on wednesday evening.
;;-0.836;;a joint statement issued following a meeting here between visiting indian prime minister narendramodi and his spanish counterpart mariano rajoy said both leaders recognised that terrorism poses the gravest threat to international peace and stability and expressed their strong commitment to combat terrorism in all its forms and manifestations.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/ajrm8jiief  gopal baglay (@meaindia) may 31, 201711:35pm:russia: pm narendramodi meets people outside the hotel in saint petersburg pic.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/0vztis0euh  narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 31, 201710:30pm: pm modi arrives in st petersburg, russia: anirussia: pm narendramodi arrives in saint petersburg pic.
;;0.2732;;3pm: india and spain sign 7 agreements during pm narendramodi modis visit, reports pti.
;;0.0;;2pm:#watch pm narendramodi and prime minister of spain mariano rajoy interact at palace of moncloa in madrid pic.
;;0.0;;25pm:india & spain can cooperate in so many areas, including infrastructure; we must have even closer economic ties: pm narendramodi in madrid pic.
;;0.0;;10pm: pm narendramodi meets president of spain mariano rajoy in madrid.
;;-0.6908;;external affairs minister sushma swaraj on wednesday jumped into the vitriolic battle of words between prime minister narendramodi and west bengal chief miniser mamata banerjee with some advice for the firebrand west bengal leader.
;;0.2732;;that is why when narendramodi came to bengal and accused my party of being tolabaaz, i wanted to give him a tight slap of democracy.
;;0.1531;;this could be good news and the way forward for indians concerned about how to work with trumps america-first policy or buy american, hire american, which has appeared to some as posing a conflict with prime minister narendramodi modis make in india push.
;;0.0;;new delhi: toyota president akio toyoda and suzuki chairman osamu suzuki on thursday called on prime minister narendramodi to discuss future technological development and plans for make in india.
;;0.6124;;wani appealed to prime minister narendramodi to adopt a people-friendly and soft approach in j&k and to take immediate measures for reconciliation and restoration of peoples trust in the administration.
;;-0.2263;;the growing bonhomie between prime minister narendramodi and bihar chief minister nitish kumar seems to have upset the congress calculations in poll-bound punjab.
;;-0.128;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 04:29 istprime minister narendramodi interacted with about 70 students from across the country at the space centre here and cheered them to do well in life amid gloom over loss of contact with lunar lander vikram while descending towards the moon on early saturday.
;;0.6115;;the chief ministers committee on digital payments headed by andhra pradesh chief minister chadrababu naidu on tuesday submitted its interim report to prime minister narendramodi and recommended a slew of measures to make such payments more attractive than cash.
;;0.3612;;the importance of haridwar, bordering uttar pradesh, can be gauged from the fact that both prime minister narendramodi and congress vice-president rahul gandhi visited the religious city to galvanise voters.
;;0.3818;;bsp activists and dalit groups burnt prime minister narendramodi in effigy, holding him responsible for the growing bias against dalits in the country.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi performed the bhoomipujan of the project at indu mills in dadar on october 2015.
;;0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi and president donald trump will meet for the first time on june 26 during the indian leaders two-day visit to the united states, with their discussions expected to set the agenda for strengthening the bilateral strategic partnership.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi said on friday the centre has released more than rs 100o crore to all the states, which will face the brunt of cyclone fani that made landfall near puri killing two people, and all those affected that the entire country was with them.
;;0.6597;;last month, former agriculture minister and nationalist congress party leader sharad pawar wrote to prime minister narendramodi , calling for measures to support the sugar industry and cane farmers.
;;0.0;;bhattacharya was in st petersburg for the annual forum at which russian and foreign businesspeople gather and which indian prime minister narendramodi is attending this year.
;;-0.296;;in his independence day speech, prime minister narendramodi had urged people to avoid using plastic bags.
;;-0.3612;;congress president rahul gandhi on saturday accused the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) of attacking the countrys institutions and said the message from karnataka is that prime minister narendramodi is not bigger than india.
;;0.4019;;under the leadership of pm narendramodi and party chief amit shah, bjp is working strategically and insistently.
;;0.0258;;theres no doubt prime minister narendramodi modis appeal led to the massive win.
;;-0.8465;;indiaupdated: aug 27, 2019 16:32 iststepping up attack on the centre over economic slowdown, congress leader rahul gandhi today said prime minister narendramodi and finance minister nirmala sitharaman are clueless about how to solve self created economic disaster and that the borrowing from the rbi wont help.
;;0.6597;;union steel minister birender singh on wednesday said his son brijender was the personal choice of prime minister narendramodi and bharatiya janata party chief amit shah as the party nominee from hisar constituency.
;;0.0;;talk that rajinikanth could visit new delhi soon to meet prime minister narendramodi has intensified speculations that the tamil superstar is set to take the plunge into politics.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi expressed grief on twitter.
;;0.8622;;modi tweets congratsprime minister narendramodi , who had called up captain amarinder on the day of the declaration of the results, took to twitter to congratulate the new punjab cm, wishing him the very best in working for punjabs development.
;;0.4404;;during the bhiar elections in 2015, the actor-turned-politician had given prime minister narendramodi modis rally a miss, while praising bihar cm nitish kumar, calling him a man of development.
;;0.7845;;with its industry friendly policies, uttar pradesh has created a favourable atmosphere for investment and realise prime minister narendramodi modis dreams.
;;0.6656;;prime minister narendramodi has not hidden his disdain for the capital and its mode of functioning; his supporters have viewed lutyens delhi as an elitist bubble.
;;0.2732;;read: skill development panel report to be made publiclaunched in july, 2015 by prime minister narendramodi , the much-hyped scheme with a corpus of rs1,500 crore, which was later increased to rs6,000 crore, aimed at training 2.
;;0.3182;;the sena rarely targeted fadnavis personally, even when it pulled no punches to take on the bjp and its top leaders, including prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi -- in keeping with his neighbourhood first policy -- has now sensibly visited sri lanka twice in as many years.
;;-0.1027;;the west bengal government is readying its defence for a controversial decision to shelter dozens of rohingya families in various parts of the state ahead of a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and his bangladeshi counterpart, sheikh hasina, at santiniketan on friday.
;;0.34;;back in delhi, the triumvirate of prime minister narendramodi , home minister amit shah and national security adviser ajit doval had gone over their blueprint several times over.
;;0.4019;;the two officials handpicked by prime minister narendramodi were clued in to many of the secret discussions that had preceded the decision to end the special status for jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;in his report to the government after a quick visit to the kashmir valley after article 370 push became public, ajit doval told prime minister narendramodi that the public sentiment on the ground mostly matched their calculations.
;;0.0;;but it was the meeting between prime minister narendramodi with the research and analysis wings new chief samant goel that set the balling rolling this time.
;;0.6115;;just when you thought twitterverse couldnt get any more on point, prime minister narendramodi has made it even more wonderful.
;;0.8519;;scroll down to see the best tweets on pm modis #pinkturban:after demonetization first republic day, pm modi welcomed pink rs. 2000/- note by wearing pink turban   rm (@rajendra_maurya) january 26, 2017prime minister of india narendramodi , wearing a pink turban to show his support to the lgbt community, on india's 68th republic day.
;;-0.0772;;tmc chief and chief minister mamata banerjee has routinely attacked prime minister narendramodi and his party.
;;0.0;;expressing condolence on the demise of ahamed, prime minister narendramodi said the formers empowerment of the muslim community would be remembered.
;;0.1901;;chief minister arvind kejriwal has promised a hands-on role in running delhis municipal corporations if aap comes to power in sundays elections but ruled out any involvement of prime minister narendramodi in the citys administration if the bjp retains power.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the defence corridor in uttar pradesh at investors summit in february last.
;;-0.3182;;addressing his first election rally here in the state, which goes to simultaneous assembly and lok sabha polls, gandhi said while the previous congress-led upa had created poverty eradication schemes, prime minister narendramodi dismantled everything.
;;-0.8956;;the congress celebrates sultan jayanti to get votes in karnataka but doesnt honour other leaders, said prime minister narendramodi on sunday in remarks seen as referring to tipu sultan, the erstwhile ruler of the kingdom of mysore who died fighting the british.
;;0.5423;;bjp, playing catch up after sena released its social media campaign a day earlier, also issued posters on occasion of national voters day that headlined fadnavis and prime minister narendramodi with party president amit shah, state president raosaheb danve and city unit chief asish shelar also featuring in the background.
;;0.7579;;over the past few years, prime minister narendramodi modis government has cracked down on delinquent borrowers, and indias banks moved to seize their assets, a dramatic change for a country where the wealthy once enjoyed almost complete protection.
;;0.765;;taking a cue from prime minister narendramodi modis efforts to end the vip culture in the country, jharkhands raghubar das government has asked all states to refrain from recommending vip darshan at the famous abode of lord shiva, baba baidyanath dham in jharkhands deoghar district during the upcoming holy month of shravan.
;;0.6249;;bharatiya janata party president amit shah said on saturday that the uttar pradesh verdict was a validation of the trust and connect that prime minister narendramodi had developed with the poorer sections of society.
;;0.4215;;the issue of palayan or alleged hindu exodus from western uttar pradesh (up) could find resonance during the bjps campaign with prime minister narendramodi likely to raise the matter during his rallies in the region in february, party insiders said.
;;0.5106;;students of government schools across uttar pradesh are likely to get free schoolbags featuring photographs of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath soon.
;;-0.7351;;focusing more on prime minister narendramodi , singh alleged that the man with 56 inch chest lacks place in his heart for poor, deprived and farmers.
;;0.6705;;samajwadi party leader mohammad azam khan on thursday attacked the bharatiya janata party (bjp), prime minister narendramodi and rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), to woo muslim voters.
;;-0.0772;;samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav attacked prime minister narendramodi for his comments that sp has a tacit understanding with the congress and bsp boss mayawati has been kept in the dark.
;;0.0;;the document, sankalp patra (document of resolve), is rooted in reality, jaitley said after prime minister narendramodi released the manifesto.
;;-0.3818;;the uncertainty that surrounds the consequences of gst is arguably the single greatest political danger facing prime minister narendramodi as he begins his fourth year in office.
;;0.8957;;lucknowupdated: sep 17, 2019 23:00 ista congress mla from rae bareli lok sabha constituency, represented by party president sonia gandhi, held a yagna to celebrate prime minister narendramodi modis birthday, much to the embrassment of his party which has now decided to again approach up assembly speaker hriday narain dikshit for his quick disqualification from the party.
;;0.3612;;former chief minister vasundhara raje credited the victory to prime minister narendramodi , saying, this is not a wave or a tsunami, this is the magic of namo.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is also likely to participate in the event.
;;0.25;;a war of words broke out between the bjp and congress on saturday over the barmer refinery as former chief minister ashok gehlot said prime minister narendramodi should reconsider his decision to re-lay the foundation stone while the ruling party said it had saved the state rs 40,000 crore under a revised agreement.
;;0.4767;;lucknow is the lok sabha constituency of union home minister rajnath singh, rae bareli the bastion of the gandhis, varanasi takes pride in sending prime minister narendramodi to the lok sabha, while azamgarh is represented by mulayam singh yadav, up strongman and father of chief minister akhilesh yadav.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, 563 kilometres away in varanasi, the campaign managers of prime minister narendramodi have given a similar call, fixing 700,000 as his victory margin.
;;0.0;;on july 23, bengal chief minister mamata banerjee had written to prime minister narendramodi not to corporatise and privatise ordnance factories.
;;0.7184;;nepal is gearing up for a grand welcome to prime minister narendramodi during his state visit beginning on may 11.
;;0.4767;;indian economy will have to grow at a sustained rate of 8  or more for the next 6 years to achieve the ambitious target of turning into a $5 trillion economy, set up by prime minister narendramodi , said the economic survey 2018-2019 released on thursday.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi had laid out the growth target in his first meeting with niti aayog governing council on june 15, barely a month after his government swept the lok sabha polls and returned to power.
;;0.3182;;centres funding cut for maternity benefit scheme may prove detrimentalthe 2016 study holds relevance in the context of the central government announcement on may 18, 2017, that it is revising the indira gandhi matritva sahyog yojana (maternity benefit programme), announced by prime minister narendramodi on december 31, 2016, by restricting the scheme to firstborns instead of first two live births as applicable earlier.
;;-0.5859;;though lalu is known to attack the bjp and prime minister narendramodi frequently, what set the cat among the pigeons was his mention of new alliance partners of the saffron party, which many believed is a threat to his ally nitish kumar.
;;-0.34;;, he stressed in response to a jibe at prime minister narendramodi modis comment in this regard.
;;-0.128;;uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav hit back at the prime minister narendramodi on saturday evening for the latters scam jibe, saying the acronym actually stands for save the country from amit shah and modi.
;;0.4939;;even today, prime minister narendramodi in his man ki baat session praised savarkar and asked the people of the country to visit the cellular jail on andaman nicobar islands, where he was kept.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi also held a high-level meeting to review the preparedness for cyclone fani.
;;-0.4404;;the move is in line with prime minister narendramodi modis call for steps by the state governments to lessen the burden of cases on courts, a senior official of up law department said.
;;-0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi modis reference to the magnum opus bahubali and its character katappa at his election meeting in mau on monday pitchforked the question katappa ne bahubali ko kyun maara (why did katappa kill bahubali?
;;0.5719;;the rjd member also pulled up the government for not doing enough to popularise yoga even though prime minister narendramodi had taken several initiatives to create awareness of the ancient art world wide.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi greeted abu dhabi crown prince mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, with, quite literally, open arms as he arrived in new delhi on tuesday to attend the republic day celebrations.
;;0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi greets sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, crown prince of abu dhabi and deputy supreme commander of the armed forces, upon his arrival on a state visit to india, at afs palam in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with the crown prince of abu dhabi at hyderabad house in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on friday urged the students of visva-bharati to turn 100 villages around santiniketan in birbhum district of west bengal self-sufficient to mark the central universitys centenary in 2021.
;;-0.2732;;gandhis tweet comes after the congress accused prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley of ignoring economic wisdom and dealing a catastrophic blow to indias growth.
;;-0.9001;;an arrogant prime minister narendramodi and a failed finance minister arun jaitley, hell bent upon ignoring economic wisdom, have dealt a catastrophic blow to indias growth story as proved by the latest gdp estimates slumping from 7.
;;-0.4541;;all three major initiatives  beti bachao, beti padhao, swachh bharat abhiyan and ujjawala yojana  taken by prime minister narendramodi could not reach the government high school at lakkar village of chhachroli block of yamunanagar district.
;;0.3818;;consumption and investment activity were dampened after prime minister narendramodi on november 8 announced the bold decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;0.9618;;andhra pradesh chief minister jagan mohan reddy may have turned down any standing offer of having a deputy speaker from his party but he is clear that he wants a good relationship with prime minister narendramodi and hopes that the pms heart would soften one day to grant the state special category status.
;;0.2732;;president xi and prime minister narendramodi during their meetings have agreed to deepen bilateral cooperation and make joint efforts to build even closer development partnership, he said.
;;0.6486;;the punjab election will provide the necessary impetus to the winner and decide who will be the main challenger to the bjp in prime minister narendramodi modis home turf.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 04, 2019 17:58 istprime minister narendramodi on wednesday took a trip down the memory lane during 20th india-russia summit at vladivostok, recalling the summit of november 2001 when he was a part of late atal bihari vajpayees delegation as chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.8834;;referring to the prime minister narendramodi modis speech at paris climate summit, javadekar said while the united states president donald trump has opted out of paris climate agreement, india has reassured its commitment and has taken the lead.
;;0.0263;;4 percent, despite the pain caused by prime minister narendramodi modis shock crackdown on cash.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi announced april 28 as a historic day, claiming that all villages in the country were electrified on that day.
;;0.0;;the mann ki baat radio programme of prime minister narendramodi will resume on june 30 after it was discontinued during the lok sabha elections in which he was a candidate.
;;0.0;;mann ki baat is back again as pm narendramodi assumes office for the second term.
;;0.4215;;the appointments committee of the cabinet (acc), headed by prime minister narendramodi , approved the extension, said an order by the ministry of personnel.
;;0.5719;;after thanking prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah, puri said representing up was an honour for him.
;;-0.802;;devmuni singh yadav, father of three boys and a resident of chhulkar village under sanjhauli block of rohtas district, in a letter to prime minister narendramodi and chief minister nitish kumar, had requested the government to arrange for treatment of his children who suffer from a rare muscular disorder, otherwise allow for euthanasia.
;;-0.6369;;lance naik yagya pratap singh of the army in yet another video surfaced on social media earlier this year alleged harassment by superiors for writing to prime minister narendramodi over the problems faced by the soldiers.
;;-0.0516;;leaders like rajnath singh are misleading prime minister narendramodi , he went on to add, urging the home minister to visit the homes of slain soldiers.
;;0.2716;;most top leaders, including prime minister narendramodi , uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, bsp chief mayawati and sp leader akhilesh yadav have visited the constituency.
;;-0.1027;;he defeated narendramodi bhati of the samajwadi party (sp), now with bjp.
;;0.3182;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , cleared amendments in the new urea policy (nup) of 2015, to allow production beyond reassessed capacity.
;;0.0;;ahead of the mishrana parva meet, unknown people vandalised posters and hoardings of prime minister narendramodi and dhramendra pradhan along the main road of this district headquarters town.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi wants every home and school to have access to a toilet by 2019, in time for the 150th anniversary of mahatma gandhis birth.
;;0.0516;;jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti is likely to meet prime minister narendramodi on monday to discuss the volatile situation in the valley, amid growing demand from the opposition for imposition of governors rule in the state.
;;-0.936;;indiaupdated: sep 11, 2019 18:00 istterrorism has become a global threat and this ideology is deeply rooted and flourishing in pakistan, prime minister narendramodi said today, recalling the horrific 9/11 twin tower terror attack in the us.
;;0.0;;the cm also met prime minister narendramodi earlier this month.
;;0.25;;during his visit to india in june, pompeo also met prime minister narendramodi who outlined his vision for the indo-us strategic partnership in the new tenure of his government.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis decision in november to scrap rs 15.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis nov.
;;0.0;;it was here that prime minister narendramodi wielded a spade in november 2014 to remove silt and launch the varanasi leg of the swachh bharat campaign.
;;0.4019;;the bharatiya janta party (bjp) also fielded all the sitting lawmakers from the state, except varanasi and lucknow, the lok sabha constituencies of prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh.
;;0.7845;;in the run-up to elections earlier this year, prime minister narendramodi announced a flurry of ambitious programs to win over voters.
;;0.4215;;the bse sensex was up by 600 points as early trends in counting of votes for lok sabha elections showed prime minister narendramodi modis national democratic alliance (nda) was ahead of its main opposition united progressive alliance (upa) .
;;-0.5719;;in lakhimpur, chief minister akhilesh yadav accused prime minister narendramodi of manipulating facts and figures about up.
;;0.0;;addressing a press briefing in new delhi on monday, swaraj said that prime minister narendramodi addressed lakhs of indians in janakpur during his visit there earlier this month.
;;-0.296;;regrettable that indias external affairs minister sushma swaraj described janakpurs population that narendramodi greeted as indians.
;;-0.5106;;the decision to issue id cards to gau rakshaks considered genuine was taken by the state government in august last year after prime minister narendramodi spoke out against those posing as gau rakshaks and disturbing law and order.
;;-0.6808;;saeed further said if prime minister narendramodi thinks that he would get respite in kashmir after his (saeed) arrest he is seriously mistaken.
;;0.0;;preparations for hosting the international day of yoga, a pet project of prime minister narendramodi , are already underway although there is still a week to go for declaration of the lok sabha election results.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will be at the isro around midnight to watch the event.
;;-0.8979;;he alleged that the sit formed by prime minister narendramodi to probe the remaining cases of 1984 anti-sikh riots had proved a hoax and it was used to give clean chit to criminals and leaders of congress and bjp involved in the killings of sikhs.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday began the process of outlining his vision for a new india, by calling on people to demonstrate greater civic responsibility.
;;0.0;;pro-active action on the part of the narendramodi damodardas modi government has been invisible, the biju janata dal leader said.
;;-0.875;;prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday the arrogance of pakistan and terrorists had vanished after the balakot air strikes by the indian army.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath at a rally in ballia on tuesday.
;;-0.1027;;twitter.com/blgoia4tos  inc india (@incindia) may 27, 2017gandhi also blamed prime minister narendramodi and his party for stoking anti-national forces and unrest in kashmir.
;;-0.5267;;congress leader and former chief minister prithviraj chavan wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi asking him to recall two ministers on the tour organized at a time farmers in the state are in distress.
;;0.6705;;the karnataka results have also strengthened the perception that the congress on its own cannot take on prime minister narendramodi and the bjp, and that it needs to go in for alliances with regional parties.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi brought back about 2,000 antiquities from the us last june, including some that had been smuggled by the kapoor syndicate, the dri said.
;;0.4019;;and i want to assure you that at the highest level of the government, right from prime minister narendramodi to the finance ministry and my ministry, we are working towards that objective, union housing and urban affairs minister hardeep singh puri told ht.
;;-0.1531;;the sudden cash shortage forced millions to join the formal banking sector for the first time, helping prime minister narendramodi meet a long-term goal.
;;0.0;;it was inaugurated by prime minster narendramodi in november 2015.
;;0.5719;;singh rubbished congress spokesperson randeep surjewalas comment that he is an opportunist, and said he joined the bjp because of his admiration for prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0387;;acharyulu was recently divested of the charge of hrd ministry but retained cbse by chief information commission rk mathur barely few days after he ordered inspection of ba records of delhi university pertaining to 1978, the year in which prime minister narendramodi passed out.
;;0.3182;;on january 8, it was reported that acharyulu had directed the delhi university to allow inspection of records of students who had passed ba course in 1978, the year in which prime minister narendramodi , according to the university, had also cleared the examination.
;;0.4019;;the announcement comes at a time when prime minister narendramodi has put special emphasis on saving and educating the girl child in the country.
;;0.0;;modernisation of madrasas is in line with prime minister narendramodi modis plan that he laid out in run-up to lok sabha elections in 2014.
;;0.4939;;hold quran in one hand and computer in other, prime minister narendramodi had said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi understands this.
;;0.6555;;modi reaches out to backward muslim communities, asks bjp to start dialogue on triple talaqprime minister narendramodi on sunday sought to expand his obc outreach by asking party colleagues to attend to weaker segments within the muslim community and push for resolution of such issues as triple talaq through dialogue, and not conflict.
;;0.0;;you need lessons on keeping quiet: pm modi tells bjp leaders at odisha meetbjp leaders need to watch their words, as prime minister narendramodi is watching.
;;0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping have the opportunity to meet at least three times this year to take forward their friendship forged during their unprecedented informal summit in wuhan, chinas ambassador to india luo zhaohui said on friday.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 18, 2019 16:42 istthe cpwd will install big led screens for the live telecast of ganga aarti at all ghats and the kashi vishwanath temple in varanasi, prime minister narendramodi modis constituency.
;;0.4019;;in a social media post, bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader pushapraj added chowkidar to negis name seeking votes for prime minister narendramodi on wednesday.
;;-0.3865;;minorities have never been more safe in the country than under prime minister narendramodi , bjp leader k j alphons said in the rajya sabha wednesday amid opposition references to lynching cases.
;;0.0;;the american president first acknowledged indian push back to his offers at a joint news briefing with prime minister narendramodi on august 28, on the sidelines of g-7 summit in biarritz, france.
;;-0.2732;;the idea is to cut down on food wastage, a concern voiced by prime minister narendramodi during his monthly radio address to the nation  man ki baat.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and senior cabinet ministers also attended the meeting.
;;-0.3182;;my condolences to the families of those who lost their lives, prime minister narendramodi tweeted earlier in the day.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has a well-deserved reputation for throwing up catchy phrases and acronyms, which is why his economic policies have often been loosely branded as modinomics.
;;0.1531;;limping back to healththose two factors could let the rbi make its first cut since october to boost an economy dealt a major blow when prime minister narendramodi in november abolished high-value notes in a bid to target unaccounted cash.
;;0.0;;he met prime minister narendramodi on thursday.
;;0.25;;on the lines of what prime minister narendramodi has said in his punjab election rallies, shah, who was addressing a rally in support of bjp and sad assembly candidates and also bjps lok sabha bypoll candidate, rajinder mohan singh chhina, said, the election in punjab is an election for the security of the nation.
;;0.4939;;patnaupdated: aug 27, 2019 17:31 istinvestigations have come very close to revealing the hand of a senior faculty of the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims), patna, for sending a malicious e-mail to prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah, among others claiming there was a sex and money racket running in bihars premier medical hospital and college.
;;-0.4767;;nearly a month after the email, portraying the director of the institute and a woman colleague in poor light, was sent to prime minister narendramodi , union home minister amit shah, communications minister ravi shankar prasad, union health secretary preeti sudan and a host of other bureaucrats along with heads of different investigating agencies and doctors of aiims-patna, the police believe that the senior doctor used the computer of his brother-in-law to send the e-mail.
;;-0.4215;;the police on monday registered a sedition case against an organising member of jat dharnas in rohtak for allegedly calling to behead prime minister narendramodi within 24 hours if jat leader yashpal malik asked for it.
;;0.0;;in his first five months in office, during which prime minister narendramodi abruptly abolished high-value currency notes and roiled economic activity, patel gave nine public speeches or press conferences, according to reuters analysis.
;;0.7506;;the congress on tuesday termed as regressive the proposed executive order of the us administration that seeks to double minimum wages of h-1b visa holders, and asked prime minister narendramodi to take up the matter with president donald trump to help protect indias interests.
;;-0.0516;;the up cm also asked prime minister narendramodi to swear by ganga maiyya (river ganga) and clarify if the latters constituency kashi (varanasi) was getting electricity for 24 hours or not.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/gcir7fbbo3  josh butler (@joshbutler) september 23, 2019earlier, the bonhomie between prime minister narendramodi and us president donald trump was on full display at the mega event in houston on sunday.
;;-0.6467;;up chief minister akhilesh yadav stirred quite a poll hee-haw when he advised bachchan not to promote gujarats gadhe or asses  viewed as a nuanced attack on prime minister narendramodi who is from that state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi attended nearly 200 programmes in 125 days, from december 25 to may 1 and across 27 states and union territories, a schedule issued by the pms office revealed.
;;0.6369;;consultation and consensus is the best and often the only way forward, he said, lauding the speech of prime minister narendramodi after the bjp scored landslide victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand.
;;0.0;;it was a comment by the chief protocol officer anchoring a ceremony on signing of mous after talks prime minister narendramodi had with his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina, leaving almost everyone at the event in splits.
;;0.4767;;the decision was taken as the popularity of the first meditation cave opened in kedarnath soared after prime minister narendramodi spent a night in it during his two-day visit to the shrine in may.
;;0.0772;;amid widespread farmers protests and the debt waiver of agriculture loans in uttar pradesh, the union cabinet headed by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday decided to extend the interest subsidy on short-term crop loans given to farmers in the current fiscal.
;;0.3612;;the epfo e-court management system has also been launched which is in tune with the vision of prime minister narendramodi of digital india.
;;0.4588;;godfrey pimenta, trustee, watchdog foundation, said the plan goes against prime minister narendramodi modis vision of housing for all.
;;0.3182;;at the nai sadak area in varanasi, prime minister narendramodi modis constituency, it was business as usual at mohammad meerajs mutton shop  a steady flow of customers lining up for fresh meat from a well-stocked trader.
;;0.5719;;also watch | watch: how has narendramodi celebrated his birthday since becoming pmthe prime minister is also expected to meet his nearly 99-year-old mother heeraben, who lives near gandhinagar.
;;0.5719;;the bjp is celebrating prime minister narendramodi modis birthday as seva saptah from september 14 to september 20.
;;-0.4939;;on wednesday, prime minister narendramodi and rawat paid their last respects to three of four soldiers, including a major, who were killed in two separate encounters in kashmir on tuesday.
;;-0.4404;;jet pilots appealed for intervention from prime minister narendramodi , who is facing wider criticism over the scarcity of jobs as he campaigns for re-election in polls now underway.
;;0.4019;;india handed over a number of vehicles to nepals election commission on monday, following through on prime minister narendramodi modis assurance to assist in the countrys upcoming local elections.
;;0.4019;;new delhis help was sought by foreign secretary boris johnson, who is currently on a visit to india, during wednesdays meeting with prime minister narendramodi , london-based sources told ht.
;;-0.2732;;indiaupdated: aug 28, 2019 10:37 istprime minister narendramodi on wednesday wrote a thank you note to actor aamir khan who a day earlier had lauded the pms initiative to ban single-use plastic.
;;-0.6908;;co/awki1szxde  narendramodi (@narendramodi) august 28, 2019this littered plastic makes its way into rivers, oceans and ground soil, polluting the environment, hampering regeneration of plants, blocking drains and canals and upsetting the ecosystems.
;;-0.8126;;opening another front in her fight against prime minister narendramodi on demonetisation, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on wednesday accused him of removing crucial files related to the notes ban.
;;0.0;;crucial files are being removed by narendramodi and his office.
;;-0.2023;;activist ajay kumar had written to prime minister narendramodi in november, urging him to ban plastic toys that are given as freebies with packaged snack items.
;;0.0;;the rrts project is pegged to cost 30,274 crore and the project was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in march during his visit to ghaziabad.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi will give a pep talk to chief ministers of 13 bjp ruled states at the party headquarters here on sunday.
;;0.7351;;the paris climate agreement is a shared legacy of the world and it will benefit the future generations, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday, vowing to go above and beyond the accord to combat climate change.
;;0.0;;dehradun: the bjp is looking for a chief ministerial candidate in uttarakhand who can implement prime minister narendramodi modis agenda for development and is steeped in the saffron partys ethos.
;;-0.7269;;3) pm modi degree row: du says it has no data of students passing out in 1978the controversy over prime minister narendramodi modis degree refuses to die down.
;;0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping will have an opportunity to make a quick assessment of the progress made on the consensus they had reached in wuhan when they meet on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation summit (sco) in the coastal city of qingdao on saturday.
;;0.9062;;pakistan pm imran khans comment that chances of peace talks with india are better if the bjp wins the general election is a ploy by the congress to oust the narendramodi government, defence minister nirmala sitharaman said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 10:18 istprime minister narendramodi on thursday showcased the scrapping of articles 370 and 35-a from the constitution as a key achievement of the nda government that had been delivered in less than 70 days.
;;0.4215;;his comments come at a time when india and russia are hoping to hammer out the rs 39,000-crore deal in october when prime minister narendramodi and president vlamidir putin meet in new delhi for the annual summit between the two countries.
;;0.4939;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi paid a tribute to bal thackeray with a tweet on monday morning, saying, balasaheb thackeray personified courage and emerged as a voice for the aspirations of many people.
;;-0.5106;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) january 23, 2017the sena also said that it was because of bal thackeray that the bjp did not oust narendramodi , now prime minister, when he was the chief minister of gujarat, after the communal riots following the godhra carnage.
;;0.6734;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday asked isro scientists not to get disheartened by the hurdles in the moon mission chandrayaan-2 and asserted that there will be a new dawn and better tomorrow.
;;0.7906;;addressing the media persons here on monday, state party president ashok parnami said that on the call given by prime minister narendramodi for a congress-free india, bjp has set upon mission 2018 (in rajasthan) after stunning victory of the party in uttar pradesh.
;;0.1027;;chief minister devendra fadnavis said budget 2017 had focused on all the vulnerable sections  including the poor, farmers, women, youth, dalit and tribals - ringing true prime minister narendramodi modis mantra of sab ka saath, sab ka vikas.
;;-0.5423;;ara as emerged as the centre for a decisive fight between rightist and left forces, because of cpi-ml(liberation)s relentless struggle against prime minister narendramodi modis failure to deliver on [the ruling partys] promises, be it employment, farm sector, and repatriation of black money, said dm diwakar, former director of the an sinha institute of social sciences and a social scientist.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi is known better in china than his predecessors, partly due to his weibo account, which was launched in 2015.
;;0.4019;;g20 summit live updates: prime minister narendramodi met the presidents of indonesia and brazil separately on the sidelines of the g-20 summit in osaka, japan saturday, and discussed ways to boost bilateral ties and enhance cooperation in trade and investment.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/myfzfhutxh  narendramodi (@narendramodi) june 29, 20198:41 am ist pm modi holds bilateral meeting with president of turkey in osaka japan: prime minister narendramodi holds a bilateral meeting with president of turkey recep tayyip erdogan in osaka, on the sidelines of g20 summit.
;;0.0;;japan: prime minister narendramodi holds a bilateral meeting with president of turkey recep tayyip erdogan in osaka, on the sidelines of #g20summit pic.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/wgbu9fzsgg  ani (@ani) june 29, 20197:39 am ist donald trump meets pm modi before start of session 3 at g20 summit us president donald trump meets prime minister narendramodi before the start of session 3 at g20 summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;#watch us president donald trump meets prime minister narendramodi before the start of session 3 at #g20summit in osaka, japan pic.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/5offlhr7ks  pmo india (@pmoindia) june 29, 20197:29 am ist pm modi with his sherpa at g20 summit prime minister narendramodi with his sherpa at the g20 summit, suresh prabhu, eam s jaishankar, and nsa ajit doval in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with his sherpa at the #g20summit, suresh prabhu, eam s jaishankar, and nsa ajit doval in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/kccg0nduun  ani (@ani) june 29, 20197:27 am ist pm modi with us president donald trump and white house adviser ivanka trump in osaka, japan prime minister narendramodi with us president donald trump and white house adviser ivanka trump in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with us president donald trump and white house adviser ivanka trump in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/jijb5iwxcb  ani (@ani) june 29, 20197:24 am ist pm modi holds bilateral meeting with brazilian president jair bolsonaro in osaka japan: prime minister narendramodi holds a bilateral meeting with brazilian president jair bolsonaro in osaka, on the sidelines of g20 summit.
;;0.0;;japan: prime minister narendramodi holds a bilateral meeting with brazilian president jair bolsonaro in osaka, on the sidelines of #g20summit pic.
;;-0.296;;tuesdays dawn raids saw officers swoop down on locations across new delhi, gurugram, mumbai and chidambarams hometown chennai, escalating pressure on the senior congress leader who has been a vocal opponent of prime minister narendramodi modis government.
;;-0.4588;;rahul gandhi and akhilesh yadav on tuesday attacked bjp and bsp claiming the sp-congress storm sweeping uttar pradesh will blow them away and finish prime minister narendramodi who is trying to bring company raj in india.
;;0.4404;;this storm will finish narendramodi , bjp, mayawati and bsp, he told his supporters.
;;0.0;;but, on tuesday narendramodi is bringing a kind of company raj in india, rahul alleged.
;;0.5719;;indiaupdated: aug 14, 2019 20:44 istthe uttarakhand tourism department, in an effort to attract more tourists, would develop the trekking route taken by prime minister narendramodi and adventurer bear grylls as modi trail, said officials of tourism department on tuesday evening.
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi is challenging bjp leaders to spread the partys ideology to the farthest corners of the country.
;;0.1027;;indeed, about a fortnight ago, representatives of prime minister narendramodi reached out to kcrs office.
;;0.743;;the bjp top brass set the tone for the 2019 lok sabha polls at its parliamentary party meeting on thursday with prime minister narendramodi asking party leaders to reach out to the youth.
;;0.0772;;a home ministry order giving nageshwar rao his new assignment was issued hours after the appointments committee of the cabinet led by prime minister narendramodi cut short his tenure at the central bureau of investigation and placed his services with the home ministry.
;;0.2023;;rao was again the governments first choice for the job after a high-powered committee led by prime minister narendramodi decided to move out alok verma from the top post.
;;0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi on monday took a jibe at the congress, saying when the misdeeds of the grand old party are questioned, they reply back saying hua toh hua (so what, if it happened).
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit uttarakhand wednesday where he would inaugurate the research centre of yoga guru ramdevs patanjali ayurveda, which claims to have developed a new variety of wheat seed and chilli with record high yield.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi will be given a grander reception when he lands in bhubaneswar on saturday.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi today arrived in russias black sea coastal city sochi for an informal summit with president vladimir putin that will focus on pressing global and regional issues, including impact of the us withdrawal from the iran nuclear deal.
;;0.5106;;the bjp notice to the indore legislator for his action last month comes soon after prime minister narendramodi signaled his strong disapproval of the legislators conduct.
;;-0.5267;;congress president rahul gandhi on friday renewed his attack on prime minister narendramodi amid bharatiya janata party leaders giving him the credit for recent air strike at a terror camp in pakistans balakot in the aftermath of pulwama attack in february.
;;-0.4215;;but no, (they say) narendramodi did it.
;;-0.8271;;prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah have blamed the special status for much of the states problems, right from hindering development to terrorism.
;;0.795;;prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah are rightly seen as the chief architects of this success.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressed the nation in the 31st edition of the monthly radio address mann ki baat.
;;0.4404;;up bjp general secretary (organisation) sunil bansal handed over the gift, a miniature fibre statue of prime minister narendramodi , to adityanath.
;;0.4939;;president ram nath kovind, prime minister narendramodi , up governor ram naik, union home minister rajnath singh along with several other union ministers, chief ministers of various bjp-ruled states as well as several ministers and leaders from up either greeted yogi on phone or met him for that personal touch.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi modis government had amended the bankruptcy law last year to protect homebuyers rights in bankruptcy proceedings.
;;-0.5719;;congress leader imran masood, who had come into focus for his hate speech against prime minister narendramodi during 2014 elections, is contesting from nakur assembly constituency of saharanpur.
;;-0.296;;prime minister narendramodi has no achievement to take to people.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has not yet visited saharanpur for campaigning after announcement of assembly elections.
;;-0.6124;;the congress had called her patriot remark an insult to the country and demanded an apology from prime minister narendramodi and bjp boss amit shah.
;;0.0;;the 55-year-old father of two daughters is still awaiting replies to letters written to prime minister narendramodi , finance minister arun jaitley and the reserve bank of india.
;;0.0;;the congratulatory call from pompeo comes nearly three weeks after jaishankar was appointed by prime minister narendramodi as his external affairs minister.
;;-0.7269;;family members of a bsf jawan whose body was mutilated by pakistani soldiers on tuesday refused to perform his last rites, demanding the presence of either prime minister narendramodi or chief minister yogi adityanath and an assurance of avenging his killing.
;;-0.6249;;indiaupdated: aug 01, 2019 09:43 istthe uncle of the woman identified as the unnao rape victim met his lawyers on wednesday and through their help drafted a five-page letter to prime minister narendramodi , seeking his intervention in the ordeal that had befallen his family.
;;0.0;;the last lok sabha election was to make narendramodi pm and know we will be contesting on the work done by modi, he said.
;;0.4019;;both prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah are supposed to attend.
;;-0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi modis informal summit with chinese president xi jinping was also discussed within the apex group with the bottomline being that there should be no lowering of the guard or delaying of critical border infrastructure projects in the name of any perceived bonhomie between the two countries.
;;-0.0516;;the seriousness with which the bjp has taken their fight to amethi is clear from the fact that prime minister narendramodi has already addressed a rally in rahuls constituency.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi offered his condolences to the families of slain crpf personnel .
;;0.4767;;in the run up to the 2014 polls, both prime minister narendramodi and sena chief uddhav thackeray had tried to woo bhide, who has sway in western maharashtra districts of sangli, satara.
;;0.0;;sakshi singh was right there when prime minister narendramodi arrived at the main gate of the banaras hindu university (bhu) on 25 april to kick off his 7-km road show and election campaign for the varanasi lok sabha seat.
;;-0.34;;khattar has been under fire from the opposition first for not arranging a meeting with prime minister narendramodi on the syl issue and later for meeting him without taking opposition leaders along.
;;0.6124;;armed with his assessment, prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah decided to nullify articles 370 and 35a with the objective of ensuring kashmirs development and a better future.
;;-0.8859;;read: 4 terrorists, 3 iaf men killed in pathankot air force base attackhow security forces fought backthe terrorists, who struck just a week after prime minister narendramodi modis unscheduled visit to lahore, could not penetrate the defence cordon at the air base as they met with effective response from the security forces.
;;-0.765;;even before the gunfire had died down at the pathankot airbase, people across india had begun asking the inevitable question: would this brazen terror attack neutralise the bonhomie and gains generated by prime minister narendramodi modis surprise visit to lahore?
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi modis government has predicated its recent actions on a better deal for the kashmir valley.
;;-0.4019;;us president donald trump complained about indian tariffs once again on tuesday, raising the issue just days after discussions with prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the g-20 summit in osaka, japan, in june.
;;0.5106;;ashtari also took to online petition forum change.org and appealed to prime minister narendramodi to come to her rescue.
;;0.6705;;he wrote a strongly worded letter to the ec last week seeking to know whether the ec would prevent national security advisor and intelligence bureau chief from meeting prime minister narendramodi and also impose restrictions on the prime minister from conducting review meetings.
;;-0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi on friday used indias new membership of the sco to pitch for coordinated efforts to combat terrorism and enhance connectivity without impinging on sovereignty and territorial integrity, indirectly flagging key concerns with pakistan and china.
;;0.0;;the nda meet in new delhi was attended by prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah, union ministers arun jaitley and sushma swaraj, andra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu, shiv sena chief udhav thackrey and others.
;;0.7506;;read: prime minister narendramodi praised at nda meet: five things you need to knowan autonomous body, the gta was formed in 2012 through a tri-partite agreement between the centre, the bengal government and gjm after a long movement by the gorkhas.
;;0.0;;the 500 participants were shown video clips of prime minister narendramodi and bill gates talking about digital india and investments.
;;0.0516;;disagreement over the procedure followed for deciding mcc cases erupted in the poll panel following lavasas objection to the process followed to give clean chits to prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah and congress president rahul gandhi.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi on friday continued his spate of attacks on the congress saying that the party is not concerned about protecting the interests of the nation.
;;0.3818;;indiaupdated: jul 31, 2019 21:56 istin the first pragati review meeting of his second term in office, prime minister narendramodi reiterated on wednesday his governments commitment for the housing for all by 2022 mission and urged bureaucrats to remove hurdles to achieve the objective.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi has no bias against muslims and is, in fact, concerned about the lack of leadership among the community, former lieutenant governor of delhi najeeb jung has said.
;;0.0;;he also made it a point to get thackeray on board when prime minister narendramodi performed the jalpujan for the shivaji statue off the mumbai coast.
;;0.0;;many believed the meeting between prime minister narendramodi and the jammu and kashmir chief minister was held primarily to discuss the strained relationship between the two parties in the light of a statement made by ram madhav, the bjps pointsman on kashmir.
;;0.0;;both prime minister narendramodi and congress president sonia gandhi attended his 75th birthday celebration at the capitals vigyan bhawan auditorium in 2015.
;;0.0129;;on thursday, the us said indias decision on article 370 was an internal matter but has regional implications and president donald trump expected to hear from prime minister narendramodi on the issue when they meet on the margins of the upcoming g-7 meetings.
;;-0.296;;after prime minister narendramodi raised the issue during in election rallies in uttar pradesh last month, the issue of the alleged preferential treatment of graveyards over crematoria was raised by bjp members in the bihar assembly on friday.
;;0.836;;this gives him a clear edge over his ministers as prime minister narendramodi during his election campaign in the state had expressed his resolve to uproot corruption if the bjp won the election.
;;0.2732;;the renewed emphasis comes after prime minister narendramodi in his december 31 speech, increased the target of constructing rural houses by 33 .
;;-0.4215;;also read: in the new- age world, governments intentions are aligning with the youths hopesboth before his meeting with prime minister narendramodi on june 28 in osaka, japan, and the visit of the us trade officials to india, trump criticised indian tariffs on us products in his tweets.
;;0.7579;;sinha conveyed greetings from president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi to the queen, and reiterated indias commitment to work towards implementation of the roadmap agreed upon during british pm theresa mays november visit to new delhi.
;;0.802;;the success, and his proximity to prime minister narendramodi , catapulted him to the top of the party.
;;0.0;;a three-member committee headed by prime minister narendramodi selected verma as the cbi chief.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi met bjp mps from uttar pradesh over breakfast on thursday, where he was expected to exhort them to work towards development.
;;0.3818;;haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar on saturday urged prime minister narendramodi to ensure early construction of the sutlej-yamuna link (syl) canal.
;;0.4019;;the sadhvis outfit is among many such fringe groups which became active after the bjp-led government under prime minister narendramodi took over at the centre.
;;0.0;;things finally started moving when prime minister narendramodi visited nepal in august 2014.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on monday visited garhwa ghat ashram in varanasi, which has considerable following among the backward castes, and later paid tributes to former prime minister lal bahadur shastri at his ancestral home.
;;0.7501;;(karun sharma/ht)10: 47 am: wishing you the very best in working for punjabs development, prime minister narendramodi congratulates capt amarinder singh on twitter.
;;0.5106;;governor, who had taken up the issue with president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi , union minister for finance arun jaitley, welcomed the decision to allow the cag to audit the income and expenditure of gda.
;;0.0;;bjp is banking on prime minister narendramodi modis development agenda.
;;0.5574;;indiaupdated: sep 17, 2019 08:26 istthe bharatiya janata party tweeted a video wishing prime minister narendramodi on his 69th birthday on tuesday.
;;0.9287;;best wishes to ma bharatis true son and the inspiration of crores of youth shri narendramodi from the bjp family on his birthday, the ruling party tweeted in hindi along with the video.
;;0.802;;watch: watch: how has narendramodi celebrated his birthday since becoming pmnarendra modi, who was born on september 17, 1950, will visit his mother in gujarats gandhinagar to seek her blessings on his birthday.
;;0.7351;;then looking at some of the officials there she said, aap logo ko toh votes hanin chahiye, hame to chahiye (you dont need votes but we do) and then she goes on to add, tabhi narendramodi bhai (prime minister narendramodi modi) ka 2022 ka sapna pura hoga (only then will narendramodi modis dream of 2022 be fulfilled.
;;0.4767;;joined by president ram nath kovind and leaders across the political spectrum, prime minister narendramodi congratulated the scientists and said every indian is immensely proud today.
;;0.5988;;at election meetings, they allege that the government of prime minister narendramodi had told the supreme court in an affidavit that it cannot pay farmers one-and-a-half times the cost of their produce.
;;0.0;;many within the congress are even betting on her to take on prime minister narendramodi from varanasi constituency.
;;0.6249;;a commentary by a global times reporter said the dip in indias economy growth was the result of prime minister narendramodi modis drastic reformist drives like demonetisation.
;;0.6369;;hours after the icj verdict, prime minister narendramodi tweeted: we welcome todays verdict in the icj.
;;0.0;;goyal also tells official from varanasi discom that he will himself come and monitor the work in prime minister narendramodi modis constituency.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah are among the boards 12 members who also include union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley, nitin gadkari, sushma swaraj, venkaiah naidu, ananth kumar, thawarchand gehlot and j p nadda.
;;-0.25;;kumar, in 2010, as part of the nda, had cancelled a dinner for the bjp national leadership at the eleventh hour, apparently after photographs showing him holding hands with the then gujarat chief minister narendramodi appeared in newspaper advertisements.
;;0.0;;russian president vladimir putin held talks with indian prime minister narendramodi on thursday on the sidelines of the kremlins annual economic forum.
;;0.0;;co/vnviykmtd9  narendramodi (@narendramodi) june 1, 2017the press statement by prime minister narendramodi during his visit to russia can be read here.
;;-0.25;;twitter.com/drbg3yb2fh  narendramodi (@narendramodi) june 1, 20176:30 pm: in an interview to pti, putin says there is no other country in the world that russia has deep cooperation in delicate areas such as missiles.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi met russian president vladimir putin in st petersburg, russia pic.
;;0.3919;;in 2014, he was declared a candidate from gautam budh nagar on a congress ticket but made a surprise exit just ahead of the polls and rejoined the bjp during an election rally held by prime minister narendramodi in ghaziabad.
;;0.1531;;the previous success was in 2002 when narendramodi singh shishodiya had defeated sps dharmesh tomar from modi nagar.
;;-0.2732;;keeping aside her identities of congress president rahul gandhis sister, former prime minister rajiv gandhis daughter and the congress general secretary, priyanka gandhi vadra wednesday chose to hit the narrow lanes of brahampuri as a delhi girl, challenging prime minister narendramodi to fight the last two phases of the parliamentary elections on the issues of demonetisation, goods and services tax, womens safety and youth unemployment.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi during his akhnoor rally on march 28 had sent a strong warning to pakistan and militants saying any act detrimental to india will cost them heavily.
;;0.0;;in december, prime minister narendramodi had already announced an entitlement of ?
;;-0.7003;;accusing the bjp-led nda government of targeting dalits and other minorities, gujarat mla and dalit leader jignesh mevani on friday said prime minister narendramodi must articulate his stand on the violence against dalits in maharashtras koregaon.
;;0.7184;;(pti photo)union minister giriraj singh said he refused to participate in the event though prime minister narendramodi had on january 5 praised the resilience of the chief minister in initiating this brave move.
;;0.3612;;why was not the conversion of old currency notes allowed till march 31, 2017 for indians as assured by prime minister narendramodi in his speech on november 8 announcing demonetisation?
;;0.0;;earlier on wednesday, prime minister narendramodi released a stamp in memory of bahuguna in delhi.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to campaign in chaibasa on may 6 for bjp candidate from singhbhum laxman gilua, followed by congress president rahul gandhi on may 7 in the same town for party candidate geeta koda.
;;0.7845;;the mla went on to praise the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , saying that he had provided a strong leadership to the country and taken revolutionary decisions.
;;0.4939;;75 lakh crore outstanding liabilities of the state was not even on the agenda of chief minister captain amarinder singh at his maiden meetings with prime minister narendramodi and union finance minister arun jaitley in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: jul 30, 2019 00:21 istindia now has 2,967 tigers, or 7 out of every 10 big cats in the wild in the world, according to the all india tiger estimation results released on monday by prime minister narendramodi on the occasion of international tiger day.
;;-0.7145;;the remarks came after pdp chief and former jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti said if prime minister narendramodi was opposed to article 370 and if it was so bad, then leave the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is targeting 175 gigawatts of renewable capacity in the south asian nation by 2022, more than double the 80.
;;-0.0772;;while kukde got 4, 42,213 votes, patle secured 3, 94,116 votes in the by-elections necessitated after bjp leader nana patole resigned from the lok sabha in protest against the autocratic style of prime minister narendramodi last year.
;;-0.4606;;while resigning from the lok sabha and as the primary member of the bjp, patole had alleged that prime minister narendramodi does not like being asked questions.
;;-0.2732;;over the last few days, prime minister narendramodi and his partys top leadership have scaled up attacks on the gandhi family, particularly on former prime minister rajiv gandhi.
;;0.0;;the first session of the 17th lok sabha is underway with prime minister narendramodi and other lawmakers taking oath as mps.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi visited the somnath temple in gujarats gir-somnath district this morning and offered prayers.
;;-0.34;;indiaupdated: aug 24, 2019 14:45 istprime minister narendramodi on saturday mourned the death of former union finance minister arun jaitley, saying he has lost a valued friend.
;;-0.7845;;kejriwal blames bjpon sunday morning, addressing a press conference, kejriwal blamed prime minister narendramodi and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) for the assault.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi will host a dinner for about 50 leaders from the bjp and its 31 allies to discuss his governments achievements and challenges.
;;0.0;;the narendramodi government completes three years in may.
;;-0.6597;;if something is wrong, let us admit it and not live in denial simply because prime minister narendramodi has said it is wrong, she said.
;;0.9179;;terming indias prime minister narendramodi is the most successful and impressive political leader in the world, leading foreign brokerage clsa said the demonestisation and goods and services tax will help spur economic growth.
;;-0.5719;;in his first bid to woo the trader community in delhi, aap national convener and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal monday accused prime minister narendramodi of unleashing tax terrorism on traders.
;;0.0;;a case was registered at the kotwali police station here on thursday against bihar minister abdul jalil mastan for allegedly asking a crowd at a public rally to hit the photograph of prime minister narendramodi with shoes.
;;0.0;;according to the bengal bjp chief, while the slogan of prime minister narendramodi is sabka sath, sabka vikas, banerjees slogan is muslim ka sath, trinamool ka vikas.
;;-0.4588;;pm modis kabristan comment unfortunateabdullah also said prime minister narendramodi modis kabristan-shamshaan comment in uttar pradesh was unfortunate.
;;0.7184;;ali had won the by-poll from deoband on a congress ticket with strong support of senior congress leader imran masood, who came into focus for his hate speech against prime minister narendramodi during 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.2023;;a top panel of secretaries has told prime minister narendramodi to make public broadcasters doordarshan (dd) and all india radio (air) corporate entities to reduce their dependence on government funds and give them elbow room to take decisions.
;;0.4767;;the consultations were held on the direction of prime minister narendramodi and a report was presented to hrd minister ramesh pokhriyal nishank for his approval.
;;0.7184;;a move by the khadi and village industries commission (kvic) to publish prime minister narendramodi modis photo on its 2017 calendar and table diary has triggered a controversy with the congress and other opposition parties taking strong exception to replacing mahatma gandhis picture.
;;-0.8442;;the party also kept up its vitriolic attack on prime minister narendramodi over his raincoat jibe at manmohan singh, asking him to stop peeping in others bathrooms and threatening opposition by flagging their horoscopes.
;;-0.8422;;we dont expect the prime minister narendramodi to respond to every heinous crime in the country but he must respond to the situation when those in power use the law enforcing agencies to shield themselves after committing crimes and harass the victims at will.
;;0.2263;;so, this weekend, when noted journalist tavleen singh chose to defend her son, the new york-based author aatish taseer, over the polarising cover story he wrote on prime minister narendramodi (indias divider in chief) for the latest issue of an international magazine, there were many who were surprised.
;;-0.6249;;after heading an aiadmk mps delegation to president pranab mukherjee, aiadmk leader and lok sabha deputy speaker m thambidurai thanked prime minister narendramodi for helping the tamil nadu government come out with an ordinance on the jallikattu issue but complained that the centre was ignoring the state on a number of issues.
;;0.128;;on may 6, shia clerics and citys heritage enthusiasts had written to prime minister narendramodi demanding a check on pre- and post-wedding shoots at bada imambara.
;;0.0;;speculations about the four mlas joining the bjp had been doing the rounds for few weeks and it was expected they would switch sides during prime minister narendramodi modis rally in shillong last month.
;;0.7783;;there are no plans to meet prime minister narendramodi , but sudworth said if the archbishop had the opportunity, there will be things he would want to share, but added that the church leader would not want to lecture another country.
;;0.34;;eyes will also be on kanhaiya kumar, who has on several occasions criticised the policies of prime minister narendramodi and has received support from celebrities like shabana azmi, swara bhasker and jnu students during his campaign.
;;0.4019;;namo tv, a channel on the air since march 31 that exclusively featured prime minister narendramodi modis past speeches and content related to the ruling bhartiya janata party (bjp) went off the airwaves on may 17, according to executives of two direct-to-home (dth) operators who asked not to be named.
;;0.0;;analysts had projected a status quo on rates as banks are flush with cash with indians depositing old currency notes after prime minister narendramodi announced on november 8 the historic decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 bank bills.
;;0.5591;;that is an irony, considering that prime minister narendramodi , who is quite vocal about ending the countrys corruption, could not stop the illegal liquor trade.
;;0.0;;in a thread of 10 tweets, jaitley congratulated prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah for nullifying article 370.
;;0.0;;prime minister shri narendramodi and home minister shri amit shah achieved the impossible with the new kashmir policy.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on monday reviewed the preparations for the rollout of the goods and services tax (gst) regime from july 1 and said it will be a turning point in the countrys economy.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi had declared demonetisation of two high value currencies of rs 1000 and rs 500 denomination on november 8 last year.
;;0.2023;;and because of its unique indian connection, three weeks from now prime minister narendramodi will become the first head of government to visit its capital mistralino, a significant international recognition of zantean independence.
;;0.296;;ajit doval, who returned from russia today, is leaving for france to join prime minister narendramodi modis entourage.
;;0.296;;while the narendramodi government is tight-lipped about the powers of the cds, it is learnt that he will be single-point military advisor to the defence minister, and interface with the nsa in the defence planning group and defence acquisition council (dac) as a member of the bodies.
;;0.2732;;reform to transform approach to build new india: pm modion the third anniversary of the bjps victory in lok sabha polls, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said his government was committed to build the new india through the reform to transform approach.
;;-0.3612;;responding to the congresss claims of having conducted surgical strikes, prime minister narendramodi on friday had taken a swipe at the congress saying, when you have to do it on paper only, or in video games, then whether they (surgical strikes)?
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi had last year questioned the long vacation.
;;-0.5267;;gandhi on friday had accused prime minister narendramodi of humiliating advani, saying disrespecting ones guru is not hindu culture.
;;0.0;;president ram nath kovind with prime minister narendramodi during the swearing-in ceremony of vice-president venkaiah naidu at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on friday.
;;0.7096;;pm welcomes farmers sonprime minister narendramodi praised naidu for his various development schemes.
;;0.4215;;congress president rahul gandhi on saturday sharpened his attack on prime minister narendramodi alleging that he extended undue favours to his industrialist friends, who looted the country.
;;0.7184;;soon after assuming office on january 20, president donald trump described india as a true friend of the us and invited prime minister narendramodi to visit the country later this year.
;;-0.7717;;indiaupdated: aug 21, 2019 07:53 istbritish prime minister boris johnson on tuesday held a telephonic conversation with prime minister narendramodi and regretted the incidents of violence outside the indian high commission in london on independence day last week.
;;0.7845;;hailing the budget presented by finance minister arun jaitley, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje termed it as prime minister narendramodi modis vision and jaitleys agenda to transform, energise and clean india.
;;-0.743;;asserting that he will not rest till those who looted the country paid back, prime minister narendramodi on sunday asked the voters in uttarakhand to give exemplary punishment in the polls to people who ruined their future.
;;0.4019;;party state unit president ajay bhatt said prime minister narendramodi was requested to be present during the opening of the portals of the kedarnath temple on may 3.
;;0.0;;we will submit our plea to prime minister narendramodi after getting 25,000 signatures, district rss leader lhundup chosang, who is spearheading the campaign said.
;;0.1002;;nonetheless there was overall disappointment both among supporters and detractors of prime minister narendramodi when the union government suo moto ended up awarding a padma vibhushan to pawar this year (the state did not recommend pawar as is the usual practice).
;;0.0;;for all indian premier league 2017 stories | click herewe have invited prime minister narendramodi , railway minister suresh prabhu, bollywood actor randeep hooda, haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar, entire state cabinet and many others from the sports and bollywood industries.
;;-0.7269;;prime minister narendramodi on monday spoke to assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal over phone and took stock of the ongoing flood situation in the state, where 15 people have been killed in floods and landslides and over 46 lakh have been affected.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi had scrapped rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes in a surprise decision on november 8, 2016, making thousands queue up in front of banks and atms over the next two months.
;;-0.5106;;a new york times editorial that described the recent raids on properties belonging to ndtv founder prannoy roy as an alarming new level of intimidation of indias news media under prime minister narendramodi has been trashed by the central bureau of investigation (cbi).
;;0.4019;;akhtar, who took over as the first woman v-c of jmi in april, met prime minister narendramodi recently and sought help for the project.
;;0.3612;;prime minister shri narendramodi during a meeting with jamia millia islamias vc najma akhtar has assured all assistance in setting up a medical college-cum-hospital during her tenure, the university said in a statement.
;;0.128;;in this campaign, led by prime minister narendramodi himself, the bjp has repeatedly called the opposition treacherous for questioning the security forces after the balakot strike.
;;0.0258;;the centre wednesday informed rajya sabha that it has not yet given its nod to change the name of west bengal to bangla as proposed by the state government following which chief minister mamata banerjee dashed off a letter to prime minister narendramodi for expediting the matter.
;;0.4774;;this decision by prime minister narendramodi on an otherwise calm november evening is without parallel  legally, as well as in implementation and impact.
;;0.5574;;girls outsmarting boys in this examination indicates prime minister narendramodi modis beti bachao beti padhao has brought positive changes in the society, adityanath said.
;;-0.3182;;my condolences to the families of those who lost their lives, prime minister narendramodi tweeted earlier in the day.
;;-0.4767;;10) mythical characters to aligarhs locks: modi uses local icons for voter connectprime minister narendramodi modis metaphors  from festivals to funerals  for attacking opponents have been the talking point of mandate 2017 in uttar pradesh.
;;-0.0258;;twenty-one-year-old krishnakant sarangi, a btech student from gandhi institute for technology, bhubaneswar and 19-year-old subrajit barik, a bsc student from kalinga bharati residential college, cuttack have been travelling to meet prime minister narendramodi to request him to resolve the mahanadi water dispute between odisha and chattisgarh.
;;-0.0701;;prime minister narendramodi did not violate the poll code of conduct in his wardha speech in which he had claimed the opposition was scared to contest from seats where the majority community accounted for most of the constituencys population.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi has been taunting it, saying it will become a ppp party (punjab, puducherry and parivar) and that the karnataka is currently being used as an atm.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and bjp's chief ministerial candidate bs yeddyurappa while campaigning for karnataka elections in chamarajanagar on tuesday.
;;-0.128;;our volunteers will soon fan out in minority dominated districts carrying prime minister narendramodi modis message of development, he said, adding, we will also educate them about the schemes launched by the nda government for their education and poverty alleviation.
;;-0.7629;;columnsupdated: aug 30, 2019 18:14 istpresident donald trump will not easily forget prime minister narendramodi modis unequivocal rejection of his offer to mediate the kashmir dispute at the biarritz g-7.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on friday hammered his partys bhopal lok sabha candidate pragya thakur for calling mahatma gandhis assassin nathuram godse a patriot, underlining that this kind of a language could not be tolerated in a civilised society.
;;0.0;;on time magazine cover describing prime minister narendramodi as divider in chief, captain said: the pm has made brazen attempts to divide india on the basis of caste and religion to further his political ambitions.
;;-0.8074;;anguished by the merciless killing of animals and birds in the wild during the festival last monday, murmu has written to the president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi to take stringent action against those who uphold such a tradition and also penalise forest officials who failed to discharge their duties in saving wildlife.
;;0.6597;;from red beacons to rats creating a ruckus in city courts, here is a roundup of all the tricity has been talking about:lal battis go for allprime minister narendramodi modis decision that no one will get beacons on cars may have annoyed some of the affected bureaucrats and political leaders but everyone else is jubilant.
;;-0.3818;;hours after that, prime minister narendramodi delivered a televised address in which he made the shock announcement.
;;-0.6428;;authorities had lifted this ban after the visit of prime minister narendramodi to nepal.
;;0.891;;indian shares gave up early gains and slipped into the red on friday tracking global cues and on doubts over the exit polls that showed the ruling bharatiya janata party winning in the uttar pradesh assembly elections that will increase chances of prime minister narendramodi modis second term at the centre.
;;-0.7906;;of late, prime minister narendramodi , during his election rallies, has been mentioning the recent air strikes on a jaish-e-mohammad camp at balakot in pakistan after the february 14 pulwama suicide bombing.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will attend the 18th sco summit, to be held in qingdao in eastern china on june 9 -10.
;;-0.4404;;the issue has come under criticism from various muslim bodies, including the all india muslim personal law board (aimplb), while prime minister narendramodi has denounced the practice, urging muslims not to view the issue through a political lens.
;;-0.34;;tit-for-tat moves in bengal politics, came thick and fast on wednesday after bjp womens wing leader juhi chowdhurys arrest on tuesday night with bjp leaders moving court against trinamool congress rajya sabha mp derek o brien for morphing a picture of prime minister narendramodi and showing it in a press conference before the bengal assembly elections last year.
;;-0.4754;;in a tweet on sunday, prime minister narendramodi said he was extremely pained by the incident.
;;-0.4019;;police complaints were filed in cities across the country on thursday against a man after a vulgar cartoon on prime minister narendramodi was uploaded on his twitter handle.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and union home minister rajnath singh were present at the swearing-in of the first majority government of the party in up after 1991.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi even visited the maldives for mr solihs inauguration in november 2018.
;;0.0;;these moves notwithstanding, prime minister narendramodi modis government had been a model of restraint in responding to president donald trumps provocations.
;;-0.7906;;harvard student writes to modi: mocking credible varsities will only isolate indiaa harvard university student has written a letter to prime minister narendramodi objecting to his recent jibe at the renowned us university, and said mocking economists and credible academic institutions will only isolate india from the world.
;;0.0;;a copy of the letter has also been sent to prime minister narendramodi , finance minister nirmala sitharaman, civil aviation minister hardeep singh puri and commerce minister piyush goyal among others.
;;-0.7096;;patna just days after he landed in trouble for his disparaging remarks on prime minister narendramodi , bihar excise minister abdul jalil mastan has stoked another controversy by vowing to burn down trucks laden with alcoholic drinks, in order to crack down on the liquor mafia.
;;-0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said congress president rahul gandhis public rebuke to his party leader sam pitroda for his hua to hua remark on the 1984 anti-sikh riots was a mere stunt in view of the elections in punjab where polling is scheduled to be held on may 19.
;;0.1027;;the conference will also be attended by prime minister narendramodi and defence minister manohar parrikar.
;;-0.1695;;after chief minister arvind kejriwal had announced the scheme, sreedharan, who is now the principal adviser of the delhi metro rail corporation (dmrc), had written to prime minister narendramodi urging him not to allow the proposal.
;;0.6597;;columnsupdated: aug 26, 2019 07:49 istwhen, in his independence day speech, prime minister narendramodi extolled the vital role of indias wealth creators, it was reminiscent of chinas then paramount leader deng xiaopings iconic exhortations four decades ago.
;;0.0;;the two also consulted about the agenda for prime minister narendramodi modis visit to germany next month.
;;0.0;;congress president rahul gandhi has hit back at prime minister narendramodi for his comments against his father, former pm rajiv gandhi.
;;-0.0772;;speaking at her first election rally in two years, upa chairperson sonia gandhi on tuesday accused prime minister narendramodi of intolerance and discriminating against congress-ruled karnataka, questioning his promise of sabka saath, sabka vikas.
;;-0.7351;;in the video, lance naik yagya pratap singh, posted in 42 infantry brigade in dehradun, said he was being harassed for writing to prime minister narendramodi on the problems faced by soldiers.
;;0.3818;;the congress said shah, and prime minister narendramodi , must apologise for the comments.
;;-0.4019;;the congress submitted 11 complaints to the ec against prime minister narendramodi and the watchdog disposed of them without sending a single notice to the pm.
;;-0.1027;;the non-bjp parties need to understand that the only way for them to have a chance at defeating narendramodi is by fighting the bjp locally in 543 constituencies.
;;0.7579;;the chief minister has already met prime minister narendramodi and union finance minister arun jaitley on august 8 for relaxation in the borrowing limit under the fiscal responsibility and budget management (frbm) act, 2003, so that the state is able to raise a rs 10,000-crore loan to provide relief to at least the 10.
;;0.0;;on july 12, the sc was told by punjabs lawyer ak ganguly during a hearing that prime minister narendramodi will meet chief ministers of punjab and haryana to iron our differences.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday launched his election campaign in the poll-bound karnataka to add heft to the bjps efforts to unseat the congress and form government in the southern state for the second time.
;;0.6778;;28pm: your love is such, that language cannot act as a barrier between us: pm narendramodi to the audience at a rally in udupi.
;;0.0;;15pm: narendramodi begins his address at the public rally in udupi.
;;0.0;;55pm: narendramodi ends his speech at chamarajanagar.
;;0.0772;;18pm: i want to dedicate the historical achievement of the country on 28 april, when all villages in india were electrified, to the workers and labourers of the country on this labour day: narendramodi at chamarajanagar rally.
;;0.0;;05pm: pm narendramodi begins his address at chamarajanagar.
;;0.0;;40am: bs yeddyurappa is addressing the rally ahead of narendramodi modis address in chamarajanagar.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi is chairing a meeting of all political parties to discuss the possibility of holding simultaneous elections in the country and fast tracking development projects in 117 districts.
;;0.0;;bhagwat pawar, 75, a farmer, said he has not yet decided whom to vote for even as he attended prime minister narendramodi modis rally in osmanbad last week.
;;-0.3818;;according to reports, surfaced in the first month of demonetisation, where prime minister narendramodi weeded out 86  of the countrys currency in circulation, the governments cost to print notes was estimated at rs 11,000 crore.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi also congratulated the 12 para-badminton players who brought laurels to the country.
;;-0.5267;;a week after prime minister narendramodi modis graveyard-cremation ground remark sparked a row, bjp leader sakshi maharaj said on tuesday there should be no graveyards at all in the country and all should be cremated.
;;-0.296;;the bjp mp from unnao said, prime minister narendramodi said a crematorium should be constructed next to a graveyard.
;;0.6319;;prime minister narendramodi told scientists to not lose heart and thanked them for the milestones achieved during this historic attempt.
;;0.0;;along with the scientists from the indian space research organisation, prime minister narendramodi and over 70 children across india were at the isro telemetry, tracking and command network in bangaluru to watch the final moments.
;;0.0;;bjp insiders said prime minister narendramodi has his own mechanism of assessing the state governments performances.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/hjwpebyprx  ani (@ani) may 28, 2018swaraj was addressing media personnel on the completion of four years of the narendramodi government and released a book on the achievements of her ministry.
;;-0.3818;;in his visits to many countries, prime minister narendramodi has saved many people from severe punishments.
;;0.6486;;indiaupdated: aug 07, 2019 13:15 istan emotional prime minister narendramodi led the nation in paying tributes to former union minister sushma swaraj, who had won millions of hearts in the country and abroad by putting people at the core of indian diplomacy.
;;0.3182;;#watch prime minister narendramodi pays last respects to former external affairs minister and bjp leader #sushmaswaraj.
;;0.4404;;thus it was not as much the anti-incumbency sentiment against chief minister harish rawat that dethroned his government, as the energetic electioneering by prime minister narendramodi that took the wind out of the sails of rawats campaign.
;;0.5574;;a high-powered committee led by prime minister narendramodi , after getting a go-ahead from the supreme court, removed verma on january 10, 20 days before the last day of his tenure.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi lauded the successful test of interceptor missile on saturday and used the occasion to take a dig at opponents, saying they would now have to travel very high if they want proof of it.
;;-0.1531;;the government and local agencies are providing real-time information, which i urge those in affected areas to closely follow, prime minister narendramodi said in a tweet on wednesday.
;;0.0772;;the other reason for the fall in profits was due to demonetisation: the economic situation announced by prime minister narendramodi that weeded out 86  of the countrys currency in circulation, leading to the largest cash crunch india has ever faced.
;;-0.296;;ahead of the first phase of lok sabha elections, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday accused the congress of funding elections by looting money meant for pregnant women and kids and said nothing will be left if they return to rule india again.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi will bring with him a sense of guarded optimism about the future of bilateral ties with china when he reaches wuhan, the capital of hubei province, around thursday midnight for an informal summit with chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.0;;the cave where prime minister narendramodi meditated in kedarnath in uttarakhand is equipped with all modern facilities and is available for just rs 990 a day.
;;0.0;;varanasi, which is prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency, has been ranked the 32nd cleanest city in india among the 434 participating cities in the survey this year.
;;-0.25;;just days after prime minister narendramodi talked about roti banks and how this concept could mitigate or at least contribute in mitigating hunger from the country, the first such bank is all set to roll out in patna.
;;0.296;;thirty-year-old subhash nayak has dedicated his initiative to prime minister narendramodi modis cashless drive, which came on the heels of a controversial decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8.
;;0.4019;;the congress has called for a broad-based grand alliance of opposition parties to defeat prime minister narendramodi and the bjp in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray slammed prime minister narendramodi as he kick-started his state-wide tour on maharashtra day, with a rally in vasai near mumbai.
;;0.4019;;at a time when prime minister narendramodi introduced the concept of smart cities, the government should be able to construct the houses much faster.
;;0.4404;;the gsat-9, which indias prime minister narendramodi described as a priceless gift to our saarc neighbours in his mann ki baat on april 30, will piggyback on the indian space research organisations (isro) geosynchronous satellite launch vehicle (gslv-09).
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit the us to address the un general assembly.
;;-0.0258;;her announcement assumes significance as it indicates formation of a larger front to stop the bjp in the 2019 lok sabha elections when prime minister narendramodi is likely to seek a second term.
;;0.0772;;a number of dialogues are scheduled and prime minister narendramodi is expected to visit the coastal city of qingdao for the shanghai cooperation organisation summit in june.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will attend the function to mark the 550th parkash purb of guru nanak dev on november 12 at sultanpur lodhi.
;;0.5859;;as waiver of crop loan for small and marginal farmers is the first poll promise mentioned in the manifesto and prime minister narendramodi had promised to implement it at the first cabinet meeting of the new government, senior officers are busy collecting details about total loan amount and financial implications of implementing the decision.
;;0.6597;;legendary indian cricketer sachin tendulkar on tuesday thanked prime minister narendramodi for promoting cricket during the ongoing icc cricket world cup 2019.
;;-0.2819;;writer-historian ramachandra guha tweeted on tuesday that he had been getting identical threat mails warning him not to be critical of prime minister narendramodi and the ruling bharatiya janata party.
;;-0.7841;;ians had earlier quoted defence minister nirmala sitharaman as saying that the people of karnataka have rejected the divisive, toxic and very negative politics of congress to vote for prime minister narendramodi modis development thrust.
;;0.9001;;he tweeted, by accepting the peoples mandate, i extend my congratulations to prime minister narendramodi for the emphatic win of the bjp-led nda.
;;0.34;;union minister ram kripal yadav, who defeated misa bharti from pataliputra, said people of bihar had eventually realised that only a government led by narendramodi could ensure development for all sections of the society and do good for the nation and them.
;;0.9136;;i congratulate my friend and prime minister narendramodi , master strategist bjp national president amit shah and my family friend ravi shankar prasad for their triumph.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will be addressing poll rallies in uttar pradeshs amroha and saharanpur and uttarakhands dehradun on friday.
;;0.0;;12:26 pm ist pm modi addresses rally in amroha pm narendramodi addressing election rally in amroha, up.
;;-0.4149;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said that india will not allow its differences with china to turn into disputes.
;;0.0;;the document was expected to the tabled in sundays meeting of the niti aayogs governing council chaired by prime minister narendramodi and attended by nearly two dozen chief ministers.
;;0.0;;the case of our prime minister narendramodi is not different.
;;0.9022;;on the world press freedom day, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday expressed unwavering support to the freedom of the media, saying it is essential in democracy.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi is not the only one championing the cause of make in india.
;;-0.34;;however, sources also attribute the development to a recent election rally in ghaziabad in which prime minister narendramodi slammed the state government for denying the comptroller and auditor general (cag) an audit of gda.
;;0.0;;but some analysts say new delhi has adopted a firmer approach to china since prime minister narendramodi took power in 2014 and invited the head of the india-based tibetan government-in-exile to attend his swearing-in ceremony.
;;0.5267;;with prime minister narendramodi modis intervention, apple is likely to see a relaxation on this.
;;0.0772;;corruption was another plank where the ga was on a weak wicket, with prime minister narendramodi making it a poll issue to nail the alliance as a coalition of corrupt leaders out to save their skin.
;;-0.8248;;aap boss arvind kejriwal, on the other hand, appeared to be bickering so much  not just in punjab but at the national level with prime minister narendramodi  that it came across as empty rhetoric, a hallmark of traditional politicians, or as amateurish foot-stomping, which does not inspire confidence.
;;0.0516;;orders issued by the election commission of india (ec) giving a clean chit to prime minister narendramodi and bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah, in cases pertaining to violations of the model code of conduct, have no record of the lone dissenting view by one of the election commissioners, according to people aware of the matter who asked not to be named.
;;0.5423;;modi ki sarkartravelling on the ground, it is astonishing to see the admiration narendramodi evokes.
;;-0.1779;;raj also hit out at the bjp, prime minister narendramodi , and bjp president amit shah, accusing them of conspiring to separate mumbai from maharashtra.
;;-0.861;;prime minister narendramodi should be shown exit door as his five-year rule has been most traumatic and devastating for indias youths, farmers, traders and every democratic institution, his predecessor manmohan singh said sunday.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi flagged off last week a scheme to make flying cheaper, aiming to put air travel in reach for the countrys middle class with more flights to smaller towns.
;;0.5574;;the global fallout of us sanctions on russia and iran will dominate prime minister narendramodi modis informal meeting with russian president vladimir putin at sochi on monday even as new delhi will try to make its position clear that it would like moscow to invest much more in the bilateral relationship with india rather than in europe.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi and trinamool congress (tmc) chief mamata banerjee sustained their rancorous war of words until the last moment, and the entire opposition ranged behind the latter and against the election commission of india (ec), before the campaign drums fell silent prematurely in west bengal on thursday, three days before the seventh and final phase of voting in the 17th general election.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi met a delegation of uk-based sikhs during his visit here in november 2015.
;;0.0;;the bjps spokesperson of its jharkhand unit dindayal barnwal attributed the partys performance in the state to the development agenda of the prime minister narendramodi and raghubar das governments.
;;0.6486;;we thank voters for reposing faith in the development agenda of narendramodi and raghubar das governments, he added.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 09, 2019 13:45 istwith three days to go for the airing of prime minister narendramodi modis tryst with man vs wild anchor bear grylls on discovery channel, bjp on friday tweeted a video showcasing the episode that will be aired on august 12.
;;0.0;;speaking about the show, prime minister narendramodi , had said, for years, i have lived among nature, in the mountains and the forests.
;;0.0;;to put that in context, the rise of mobile phone assembly is at the heart of prime minister narendramodi modis make in india.
;;-0.1779;;he said prime minister narendramodi has failed to deliver on the promises.
;;0.0;;the swearing-in ceremony will take place tomorrow, union minister venkaiah naidu announced, with prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah in attendance.
;;0.5106;;here are the highlights of the day:9pm: uttar pradesh chief minister-elect yogi adityanath on saturday said that he would follow prime minister narendramodi modis sabka saath, sabka vikas slogan and exuded confidence that the state would march on the path of development.
;;0.0;;17pm: venkaiah naidu says pm narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah will attend the swearing-in ceremony.
;;0.4404;;is there a wave in favour of prime minister narendramodi modis re-election?
;;-0.4215;;the senior bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader had filed the case before the chief judicial magistrates (cjm) court here in april, taking exception to a snide remark made by gandhi at an election rally in karnatakas kolar district that all thieves had the surname modi -- referring to prime minister narendramodi , bank-fraud accused nirav modi and former indian premier league (ipl) commissioner lalit modi.
;;0.4215;;the decision to declare the irf unlawful was approved in a cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi on tuesday.
;;-0.6249;;read | post demonetisation, a farmers wish list from the budgetcongress party, which has been at the forefront of attacks against prime minister narendramodi and the nda government on demonetisation that also brought several opposition parties together, has criticised demonetisation, saying the move had hurt farmers and the rural poor, and ravaged the agrarian economy.
;;0.0;;the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1000 was declared by prime minister narendramodi on the night of november 8, 2016.
;;0.0;;his plans were pushed back when prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8.
;;0.0;;(ht file photo)6) setting the agenda with modi: on march 21, adityanath went to delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi to discuss distribution of portfolios to his ministers.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi is like a student struggling with complex issues and he has failed in solving major issues, said congress president rahul gandhi in his report card of the government which is celebrating its fourth anniversary on saturday.
;;0.0;;it would mean prime minister narendramodi continues to get votes for the bjp in the state and also the partys decision to forge an alliance with shiv sena has clicked.
;;-0.0258;;a day after voting, all sections of the local people, from intellectuals to rickshaw-pullers and students were seen discussing possible results of the up assembly elections in prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency that turned a poll battleground last week.
;;0.0;;dates are being discussed for prime minister narendramodi modis meeting with president trump in washington.
;;-0.1779;;the congress on tuesday urged the election commission to take action against prime minister narendramodi for allegedly giving wrong information in an earlier election affidavit.
;;0.8834;;while prime minister narendramodi is keen on signing the teesta water sharing agreement with bangladesh, chief minister mamata banerjee has taken a stand against sharing north bengals principle rivers water with the neighbouring country.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday cited income tax raids in madhya pradesh to target the congress, alleging that corruption is the character of the principal opposition party.
;;0.1779;;the ruling bjp does seem to have realized that climate change and droughts are a growing concern, and prime minister narendramodi announced a separate ministry for water called jal shakti.
;;-0.1531;;a day after bengal chief minister mamata banerjee said at a public rally that prime minister narendramodi is drenched in blood from head to feet, alluding to the 2002 gujarat riots, bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders in bengal lashed out at her, alleging that the blood stains are in fact on the hands of the trinamool congress (tmc) leader.
;;0.3818;;state bjp president dilip ghosh said that the stronger the bjp got in bengal, the more banerjee was targeting narendramodi personally.
;;0.6444;;also read: half of india faces drought with low pre-monsoon rain, heat spellpoonia also said that following prime minister narendramodi modis call for water conservation in his mann ki baat last sunday, bjp workers and leaders are taking oath in party meetings to neither waste nor let anyone else waste water.
;;0.5423;;the bjp thursday accused rjd leadership of promoting dynasty and using politics for personal enjoyment, as it hit out at tejashwi yadav after he questioned prime minister narendramodi modis obc credentials.
;;0.7717;;on the 120th birth anniversary of netaji subhash chandra bose on monday, prime minister narendramodi on monday hailed the revolutionary freedom fighter leader and made files related to him available on the internet.
;;0.0;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) january 23, 2017the first lot of 100 files relating to bose were put in the public domain by prime minister narendramodi on 23 january last year, on the occasion of the 119th birth anniversary of netaji.
;;-0.0258;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 07:43 istas chandrayaan-2s vikram lander lost communication with the ground stations early on saturday just ahead of the soft landing, prime minister narendramodi expressed solidarity with isro scientists.
;;0.1779;;in december 2016, prime minister narendramodi had announced to extend igmsy  then an existing pilot scheme being implemented across 53 districts  across the country.
;;0.0;;the beheading is understood to have featured in his discussion with prime minister narendramodi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;a television actor-turned-politician, irani was named the human resource development minister when prime minister narendramodi took office in 2014.
;;-0.7862;;i dont care whose son he is, said prime minister narendramodi with obvious anger and irritation, referring to bharatiya janata party (bjp) general secretary, kailash vijayvargiya, whose son, akash vijayvargia, went after a civic official with a cricket bat.
;;-0.4767;;the attack was meant to send a message that whoever raises his voice against prime minister narendramodi will gface consequesnces, kejriwal said.
;;0.9153;;a supreme court lawyer, bhatia, who was appointed as additional advocate general of the up government led by then chief minister akhilesh yadav, credited prime minister narendramodi and shah for inspiring him to join the party.
;;0.25;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , the employees had alleged that shanmuganathan seriously compromised the dignity of the raj bhavan and made it a young ladies club.
;;-0.1027;;i just apologized to indian ambassador harsh shringla for trumps amateurish and embarrassing mistake, congressman brad sherman tweeted hours after trumps stunning claim that prime minister narendramodi sought his mediation or arbitration efforts to resolve the kashmir issue.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi has lost the plot.
;;0.4588;;a grand alliance of foes: congress mulls ties with regional parties to break modi, bjp wave in 2019the congress on thursday said it would explore all options, including a grand alliance, to defeat prime minister narendramodi and pose a formidable challenge to the bjp in the 2019 lok sabha election.
;;0.0;;mansukh mandaviya had also cycled to the rashtrapati bhavan in may to take an oath as a minister for another term in the prime minister narendramodi modis government.
;;-0.296;;and there has been no perceptible change in the trend even after prime minister narendramodi took charge of the nation in 2014.
;;0.0258;;25 lakh beneficiaries under ayushman bharat that provides for illness cover of up to rs 5 lakh per annum, she had said just ahead of the march 3 rally of prime minister narendramodi in amethi.
;;0.0772;;these immediate challenges to the economy topped the extensive discussion that prime minister narendramodi and senior cabinet colleagues had on wednesday with economists and sector experts from across the country.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi said, the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run india but to create a new india, adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last five-years during which the youth, women, farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes.
;;0.2732;;disability pension too would be increased from rs 300 to rs 500, officials said, and the states handicapped welfare department would now be known as the divyang jan kalyan vibhag, in accordance with the term  divyang  coined by prime minister narendramodi for the disabled.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi also attacked the earlier congress-ncp regime for completing only one metro line in the city in 11 years  metro-1 (versova-andheri-ghatkopar).
;;0.0;;this could be a first of sorts  an informal meeting between prime minister narendramodi and the chinese president xi jinping in wuhan on april 27-28  six weeks before the two leaders will meet yet again, formally, in a multilateral setting of the shanghai cooperation organisation summit meeting in qingdao.
;;0.5562;;worldupdated: sep 17, 2019 00:44 istpresident donald trump will join prime minister narendramodi modis september 22 diaspora outreach event in houston called howdy, modi!
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi said on sunday the sp and the bsp created a culture of kuch logo ka saath, kuch logo ka vikas in politics for the sake of votes.
;;-0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi and president donald trump friday aired their concerns over the bilateral trade disputes and agreed for an early meeting of their commerce ministers to sort out the issues, a day after the us leader demanded withdrawal of the very high tariffs levied by india on american goods.
;;-0.6808;;prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation on november 8, a decision that sucked out 86  of the currency notes in circulation and left millions lining up at banks and atms for cash.
;;0.743;;in a phone call with prime minister narendramodi on tuesday, president donald trump said the us considers india a true friend and partner in addressing challenges around the world, according to a white house statement.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on friday presented specially made prints of paintings by legendary chinese artist xu beihong, who spent time at santiniketan, to president xi jinping during their informal summit.
;;0.128;;the sun city of rajasthan is set for a poll battle between 39-year-old vaibhav, who is making his electoral debut, and union minister gajendra singh shekhawat (51), a trusted man of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi , defence minister rajnath singh and home minister amit shah later reached the hospital to check on jaitley.
;;0.5023;;jaitley had pointed out that he had indicated to prime minister narendramodi right after the campaign for the 2019 national elections ended that he had discharged the responsibilities assigned to him for the elections but would, for some time, like to concentrate on his treatment and health.
;;0.0;;and under the guidance of prime minister narendramodi , we will be able to do all this in four years.
;;-0.4019;;the rashtriya janata dal (rjd) and trinamool congress on thursday boycotted a dinner hosted by prime minister narendramodi for newly elected members of parliament, the first since the bharatiya janata party-led national democratic alliance (nda) government returned to power after the general elections.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 18, 2019 12:47 istprime minister narendramodi on sunday pitched for extensive cooperation between india and bhutan in new areas such as space and digital payments and said the students in bhutan have the power and potential to do extraordinary things, which will impact future generations.
;;0.2144;;the sena in an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana said that the erstwhile royal had different views about prime minister narendramodi and the bjp earlier, but he has had a change of heart, and now both modi and amit shah are following shivajis principles in leading the country.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will address jharkhands maiden global investors summit (gis) through video conferencing on february 16, officials of the state industry department said on wednesday.
;;0.5423;;praising prime minister narendramodi for his decision to scrap higher denomination banknotes, human resource development minister prakash javadekar claimed that the country has been transformed.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi , in a recent interview, revealed these backroom details of the military strikes against pakistan.
;;0.1531;;the result will force the aam aadmi party, especially its chief arvind kejriwal, who was positioning himself as a challenger to prime minister narendramodi by taking him on in public discourse, to ask some uncomfortable questions.
;;0.2023;;between now and early next year, the union road transport and highways ministry plans to get prime minister narendramodi to inaugurate at least 50 big-ticket and strategically important highway projects,one of the officials cited above said.
;;0.1779;;interacting with party workers in the state through video conference ahead of the may 12 assembly elections, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday that there was a conspiracy afoot to play down the wave for change by publishing opinion polls that predicted a hung assembly in the upcoming polls.
;;0.7845;;former attorney general harish salve, indias lead lawyer at the icj, was praised by prime minister narendramodi and sushma swaraj for his strong defence of jadhav.
;;0.7964;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday approved a 2  increase in dearness allowance (da) from january 1, 2017.
;;0.0;;30 pm on saturday, and a day after prime minister narendramodi inaugurated asias longest all-weather road tunnel at chenani in udhampur district.
;;-0.9201;;the death triggered national outrage and a demand to rein in right-wing vigilante groups, whom prime minister narendramodi had blamed last august for fomenting social tension and called for action against them.
;;-0.631;;indias economy lost momentum in the final three months of 2016 after prime minister narendramodi modis ban on high-value notes hurt consumption and businesses but it is set to pick up this quarter, a reuters poll found.
;;0.4019;;andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu on saturday hit back at prime minister narendramodi , who referred to telugu desam party president as u-turn babu at an election rally in adnhra pradeshs kurnool a day before.
;;-0.6908;;this amounts to licence to kill, wrote indian medical association to prime minister narendramodi on tuesday.
;;0.2732;;indiaupdated: sep 04, 2019 23:59 istindia and russia are opposed to external interference in the internal affairs of any country, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday as the two countries signed several energy deals to bolster bilateral economic ties.
;;-0.6249;;adhia, viewed as close to prime minister narendramodi , dismissed those fears outright and ruled out a delay to a reform that has been more than a decade in the making.
;;0.0;;highlighting the railways has provided wi-fi on 115 railway stations, including mumbai central station, across the nation, prabhu said that his ministry will try to link the digital railway initiative with prime minister narendramodi modis digital india campaign.
;;-0.4588;;the high temperatures also renew fears a another drought that is likely to sap rural demand, gut agriculture and pose a challenge to prime minister narendramodi modis plan to double farm income by 2022.
;;0.4404;;the 45-minute meeting, between jaitley and sikka accompanied by other top company officials, also assumes significance as prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit the us later this month.
;;0.2486;;having risen to power on a plank of avowed opposition to dynastic politics, it probably wasnt easy for prime minister narendramodi to invite united states president donald trumps daughter ivanka trump to india for the global entrepreneurship summit in november.
;;0.4019;;parents from maharashtra are also approaching prime minister narendramodi for help in streamlining the medical admission process.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi interacted with two women from alwar during the radio programme mann ki baat on digital india on friday.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi will skip the makeshift ram temple and hanuman garhi temple on his maiden visit to ayodhya as pm for an election rally on may 1, people familiar with the matter in the bjp said on monday.
;;0.0;;but that will not have any bearing on our relationship with the us, madhav said, when asked about prime minister narendramodi modis recent meetings with chinas xi jinping and russias vladimir putin.
;;0.891;;the emergence of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) as the largest party in the karnataka assembly after the may 12 election is an indication of the peoples faith in prime minister narendramodi modis administration and is a popular riposte to vote bank and caste politics that pit hindus against each other, rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) leaders said while summing up the verdict in the southern state.
;;0.6808;;while prime minister narendramodi , whose energetic campaign n karnataka, where he addressed over 20 election rallies, gave the party an electoral fillip, hindu consolidation was a key factor, he said.
;;0.0;;still, both prime minister narendramodi and ljp chief ram vilas paswan chose gaya to hold their joint rally on april 2.
;;0.5267;;the visit of prime minister narendramodi to saudi arabia during april last year added new dimensions to our vibrant relationship, he said.
;;0.1027;;a five-year-old conglomerate of insurgent groups in manipur has called for a shutdown in the state to ensure prime minister narendramodi has no listeners while campaigning for the bjp in imphal on saturday.
;;0.0;;the aligarh constituency is set for lok sabha elections and prime minister narendramodi has already addressed a mega rally at numaish maidan which is not new to public meetings.
;;0.4404;;india will launch the geosynchronous satellite launch vehicle (gslv-f09) carrying the gsat-9 or the south asia satellite, which prime minister narendramodi said will be a priceless gift to neighbouring countries, from the satish dhawan space centre in sriharikota in andhra pradesh on friday.
;;0.7906;;he said that soon a delegation will meet prime minister narendramodi with the demand to revive ndrf norms or give special relaxation to the barmer and jaisalmer districts.
;;-0.498;;breaking his silence, mohammed mohsin, the ias officer who was suspended by the election commission of india (eci) on april 16 for checking the helicopter in which prime minister narendramodi was travelling, said he had not violated any rules and was unaware of the charges against him.
;;-0.1027;;on july 22, during his joint media appearance with pakistan prime minister imran khan at the white house, president trump stunned india by saying that prime minister narendramodi sought his mediation/arbitration on the kashmir issue, a claim that was seen by many as outlandish and carrying little credibility.
;;0.0;;referring to prime minister narendramodi modis appeal in his programme mann ki baat on radio for saving petrol-diesel once a week, maurya said his government would strictly follow the advice.
;;0.0;;ghulam nabi azad (congress), farooq abdullah (national conference), ram gopal yadav (samajwadi party) and derek obrien (trinamool congress or tmc) were among the opposition leaders, who attended the meeting that prime minister narendramodi chaired.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was on friday addressing the plenary session of the st petersburg international economic forum.
;;-0.7351;;his death was condoled by senior politicians, including prime minister narendramodi who said he was in a meeting with dave on wednesday evening and described the demise as a personal loss.
;;-0.2617;;facing opposition attack over his caste, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said he was born a backward but he doesnt do politics on such lines.
;;0.0;;deol arrived in amritsar by air on sunday afternoon after meeting prime minister narendramodi in new delhi.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi , in his tweet, also called it a victory of gender justice that will further equality in society.
;;0.0;;kodnani later became state minister for women and child development during chief minister narendramodi modis government.
;;0.5423;;importantly, it also encourages banks to increase their deposits at the rbi, setting up the rbi to start withdrawing some of the big cash pile accumulated in the banking system since prime minister narendramodi in november banned circulation of big currency-notes.
;;0.8316;;it is the victory of crores of party workers, who worked under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , and it is the victory of party president amit shahs organizational skill and strategy, said sharma after winning the seat.
;;-0.7717;;the leader of asias other behemoth, indian prime minister narendramodi  who is due to visit the white house shortly  has said failing to act on climate change would be morally criminal.
;;0.8591;;worldupdated: sep 16, 2019 13:04 istus president donald trumps confirmation to join the indian-origin community at the houston event is a special gesture that signifies the special friendship between india and usa, said prime minister narendramodi on monday.
;;-0.4404;;#howdymodi  narendramodi (@narendramodi) september 16, 2019indias envoy to the us harsh vardhan shringla has described the joint presence of the two leaders addressing the howdy modi event as historic and unprecedented.
;;0.0;;jharkhands backward sahebganj district is all set to emerge as a new industrial hub with prime minister narendramodi laying the foundation stone for a multi-modal terminal (mmt) and a six-kilometre bridge over the ganga on thursday.
;;0.8481;;he agreed that the sentiment is inspired by prime minister narendramodi modis promise to ensure all-round development in the state.
;;0.3612;;like his mentor prime minister narendramodi , the rss pracharak-turned-politician has a penchant for wearing colourful jackets and kurtas with white churidaars.
;;-0.8176;;prime minister narendramodi mourned his death and described it as a major loss.
;;-0.7096;;prime minister narendramodi on friday launched a sharp attack on congress and its leader sam pitroda for his comments on the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
;;0.765;;parrikar was hand-picked by prime minister narendramodi in november 2014 as defence minister for his clean image and proven administrative abilities to relieve arun jaitley -- who was then also holding the crucial charge of finance ministry -- at a time when the six-month-old nda government was still trying to find its bearings.
;;0.0;;also watch | mint budget round-table: how modi govt can achieve $5 trillion economy aimthe economic headwinds have come at a time when political traction for the narendramodi government is the highest it has ever been.
;;0.296;;this is exactly what make in india, the first important flagship programme announced by prime minister narendramodi , sought to do for the indian economy.
;;-0.2975;;to be sure, the first narendramodi government had its share of legacy issues in terms of economic problems, the most important of which was the twin-balance sheet crisis in the banking sector.
;;0.2263;;it was worth rs 30,000 crore, accounting for 1  of indias total exports, part of the pink revolution that prime minister narendramodi had so derisively talked about during the 2014 lok sabha campaign.
;;0.7096;;addressing a rally on april 24, prime minister narendramodi had appreciated the initiative of the banda dm to motivate people to exercise their right to franchise.
;;-0.5574;;they have urged prime minister narendramodi to ban the release of the film padmavat.
;;0.5106;;the seat has become a prestige issue for the bjp, the governing party in the state as well as at the centre, as patole left the party blaming prime minister narendramodi for doing nothing for the farmers community in the last four years.
;;0.2732;;he is currently in singapore working away the phones as he has been tasked by prime minister narendramodi to convince unhrc members that kashmir is an internal matter of india.
;;-0.3804;;he is also highly critical of prime minister narendramodi and his alleged anti-muslim policies.
;;-0.743;;in response to a question from a reporter, president trump had made the offer during prime minister khans white house visit in july, saying even prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate -- a claim that was swiftly and summarily denied by new delhi, which also reiterated that the kashmir dispute can only be resolved bilaterally, and only after pakistan stopped supporting terrorism.
;;-0.2023;;the release of the biopic on prime minister narendramodi which was slated to hit the theatres tomorrow has been postponed.
;;0.0;;sandip singh, the producer of the film tweeted, this is to confirm, our film pm narendramodi is not releasing on 5th april.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , who returned to office for a second term in may, has pledged to grow india to a $5-trillion economy by 2024, from $2.
;;0.128;;actor urmila matondkar, who is contesting the lok sabha election as a congress candidate from mumbai north, thursday said the biopic made on prime minister narendramodi was a joke as he has failed to fulfil his promises.
;;-0.9509;;the mob lynching also echoed in parliament on monday when leader of the opposition in rajya sabha gulab nabi azad mocked prime minister narendramodi modis idea of new india, asserting that he preferred old india which had no place for hatred, anger and mob killings.
;;-0.1901;;the uk-india year of culture was announced during prime minister narendramodi modis november 2015 visit to london but the brexit vote has prompted extra focus as india is among the top countries britain is courting to compensate for the loss of the european market.
;;-0.5994;;a war of words has erupted between prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav over the pms kabristaan and shamshaan remarks at a public rally in fatehpur.
;;0.7351;;pm narendramodi , bjp president amit shah and all top leaders of the party have been trying to corner akhilesh and the samajwadi party on the law and order front.
;;-0.8074;;read | narendramodi , amit shah are terrorists spreading fear: uttar pradesh ministeraddressing a rally in unchahaar on monday, akhilesh said: we believe in the ganga.
;;0.4767;;the policy will help foster prime minister narendramodi modis flagship make in india initiative.
;;-0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday invoked gujarati pride at an election rally in states junagarh to target the congress saying that the rival party has always harboured hatred towards gujarat.
;;0.6369;;india needs a movement akin to the freedom movement for its development, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday.
;;-0.1027;;bjp-led governments have had fewer reasons to be cautious about the relationship with israel and swarajs visit is expected to pave the way for a trip by prime minister narendramodi  the first such visit by an indian premier.
;;0.8271;;indiaupdated: sep 18, 2019 06:03 istbill gates speaks on why the gates foundation is awarding prime minister narendramodi for improving sanitation at the goalkeepers global goals awards in new york on september 25 and 26.
;;0.0;;nakate and singhla had visited pachpadra on wednesday to monitor the preparations for prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the town on january 14 to inaugurate a refinery.
;;0.4404;;a mumabi-based lawyer, who was lauded on sunday by prime minister narendramodi for the cleanliness work at versova beach, thanked the prime minister saying his words will act as a morale booster.
;;-0.4215;;with their being limited resources at the state governments disposal, rawat met prime minister narendramodi and demanded a 13,000-crore package for relocating the villages.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , has approved the proposal of the ministry of power for signing of a memorandum of understanding (mou) for establishment of the bimstec grid interconnection, an official statement said today.
;;-0.743;;the rajasthan government drew criticism from prime minister narendramodi and bahuajan samaj party chief mayawati during the lok sabha election campaign for delay in lodging the fir in the case and not taking action until the purported video of the sexual assault began circulating on social media.
;;-0.0083;;prime minister narendramodi and punjab chief minister amarinder singh have not fulfilled even a single poll promise they made to the people.
;;0.0;;addressing the voters of his parliamentary constituency on tuesday through a video message, prime minister narendramodi hinted at not campaigning in varanasi, his lok sabha constituency, ahead of the seventh phase of polling.
;;-0.3612;;i know that every citizen of kashi is himself fighting elections for and as narendramodi , modi said.
;;-0.7579;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday invited the g20 countries to join a global coalition on disaster resilience, saying disasters require quick and effective remedial measures as they invariably affect the poor the most.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi and up cm yogi adityanath have also condemned incidents in which someone takes the law into their hands.
;;0.0;;on april 24, chief minister mehbooba mufti met prime minister narendramodi in delhi and pushed for dialogue.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi announced rs 1000 crore assistance for odisha and he also did an ariel survey of cyclone ravaged area.
;;0.5994;;if narendramodi , who was a tea seller, could become the prime minister then surely we all have a chance, she said.
;;0.6808;;analysisupdated: sep 17, 2019 20:58 istlater this month, prime minister narendramodi will visit the united states (us) to address the united nations general assembly in new york.
;;0.0772;;a recent letter from the home department addressed to the top brass of state police has said that prime minister narendramodi , governor droupadi murmu and other political dignitaries visiting the state ahead of elections could face risk from maoists.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday hailed indian athletes, particularly women, for their stunning performance at the recently concluded commonwealth games in australia.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi , re-elected in may, has been pushing nationalist policies with higher tariffs on everything from electronic goods to tighter controls on foreign firms in the fast growing e-commerce market to help foster domestic companies and create jobs for millions of youth.
;;0.872;;with the bjp winning 303 seats for a clear majority in parliament, masoodi said prime minister narendramodi has been gifted with a unique opportunity to create history.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has asked for the details of all the union ministers who did not attend parliament despite being asked to be present for the session, pulling up bjp members for the second time this month.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has figured prominently, along with us president donald trump and russian president vladimir putin, in posters for netanyahus campaign.
;;0.4019;;editorialsupdated: jul 29, 2019 19:33 istprime minister narendramodi on monday released the all india tiger estimation report 2018, and said india has emerged as of one of the biggest and safest habitats for big cats in the world.
;;0.4019;;xis assurance to khan comes a day after prime minister narendramodi told him during bilateral talks that pakistan needs to create an atmosphere clear of terror.
;;-0.4215;;sonia has been mostly out of action after she was taken ill during a roadshow in varanasi, prime minister narendramodi modis constituency, on august 2 last and was hospitalised.
;;-0.296;;the madrasas in the mountain state of uttarakhand have no objection to installing prime minister narendramodi modis portraits on their premises, the state madrasa board has said, taking a u-turn from its earlier stand.
;;0.2023;;top ministers of the union cabinet are camping in the holy city of varanasi where prime minister narendramodi is a candidate.
;;-0.128;;prime minister narendramodi , who calls himself the pradhan sewak (a servant of the people) of the country, knows how to strike a chord.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with bihar chief minister nitish kumar during the 350th birth anniversary celebrations of guru gobind singh at gandhi maidan in patna .
;;0.0;;it is almost fortuitous that prime minister narendramodi has come for the intergovernmental consultations held every two years between new delhi and berlin at this point.
;;0.25;;both countries endorsed the need to resume military ties when prime minister narendramodi met chinese president xi jinping for an informal' summit at wuhan in central china during april 28-29.
;;0.6597;;after coming to power, prime minister narendramodi laid down an ambitious rs 6 lakh crore investment plan to increase the solar power capacity to 100 gw by 2022.
;;0.1779;;the uk is also keen that india comes on board a bilateral agreement on returning illegal immigrants; the pact could not be signed when prime minister narendramodi visited london in april because of a range of concerns; they ranged from fears of mass deportation to possible security breaches.
;;0.4588;;according to israeli and indian diplomats familiar with the matter, prime minister narendramodi will receive netanyahu on january 14 at new delhi, and possibly host a private dinner hosted at 7, lok kalyan marg for the visiting dignitary.
;;0.0757;;it will not easy for prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah to foist a leader of their choice as the chief minister, they said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi revived the debate on holding simultaneous polls soon after coming to power in may 2014.
;;0.5719;;the alliance in up cant be compared with the grand alliance of bihar where two strong leaders, nitish kumar and lalu yadav, had sunk their differences to stop narendramodi led bjps victory march that conquered major states like maharashtra, haryana and jharkhand after occupying the north block.
;;0.7003;;in the absence of bjps cm face, the party will have to heavily bank on the popularity of prime minister narendramodi and election management skills of bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;this reminds one of what an old muslim gentleman had said in bahraich in 2012 much before narendramodi modis juggernaut had hit the roads.
;;0.0;;president xi jinping gifted prime minister narendramodi a replica of a 2,400-year-old musical chime during their informal summit in the central chinese city of wuhan.
;;0.0;;two and a half years ago, prime minister narendramodi hit the headlines for a different reason.
;;0.4576;;however, the most special of them all perhaps came from the indian prime minister narendramodi , and the king of bollywood, amitabh bachchan.
;;0.6705;;china's vice foreign minister kong xuanyou will arrive in new delhi next month for a round of meetings with top indian officials to advance bilateral ties, reflecting the desire of both sides to build on the momentum created by the informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping, people familiar with the development said.
;;0.7579;;this also signals the end of a brief spell of cordial relations between the two ruling allies weeks after thackeray participated in a meeting of the ruling national democratic alliance (nda) convened by prime minister narendramodi and the bjps unconditional support to the sena to win power in the mumbai civic body.
;;-0.3612;;the supreme court has asked the election commission to decide before sunday on the complaints of poll code violations against prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;0.5859;;if that happens, prime minister narendramodi , the face of the bjps campaign, will win a second term in office.
;;0.0;;9:15 am ist pm modi leads in varanasi by over 11,000 votes pm narendramodi is currently leading by over 11,000 votes in uttar pradeshs varanasi lok sabha seat.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , several union ministers, bjp chief amit shah, congress president rahul gandhi and upa chairperson sonia gandhi are among key leaders who contested the polls.
;;0.2263;;6:45 am ist battle of margins for political bigwigs all eyes will be on uttar pradesh on thursday, the day of counting of votes, when the fate of top leaders including prime minister narendramodi , upa chairperson sonia gandhi, congress chief rahul gandhi, samajwadi party patron mulayam singh yadav and president akhilesh yadav, rld chief ajit singh and his son jayant chaudhary will be decided.
;;0.2263;;twitter.com/5iv5qzoux4  bjp (@bjp4india) september 8, 2019earlier today, union home minister amit shah enumerated the historic decisions under prime minister narendramodi modis decisive leadership during the first 100 days.
;;0.5859;;in the meantime, a well wisher suggested that he seek help from prime minister narendramodi , who is also the varanasi mp.
;;0.0;;hasina would travel to india after seven years on an invitation extended by prime minister narendramodi , it said.
;;0.5574;;the election commission (ec) will submit on monday its report on a biopic on prime minister narendramodi to the supreme court.
;;0.0;;congress has found a word to taunt prime minister narendramodi in uttarakhand: mitron (friends).
;;0.3818;;the present government under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi is looking at this sector as a major growth engine.
;;-0.4588;;it is a key reason prime minister narendramodi has been touring the indian ocean, making forays in the troubled waters of the persian gulf and wooing littoral africa.
;;0.0;;the cabinet decided to rename viklang jan vikas vibhag (handicapped development department) as divyang jan sashakti karan vibhag following a similar decision taken by prime minister narendramodi at the centre.
;;-0.34;;the congress president has been mostly out of action after she was taken ill during a roadshow in varanasi, prime minister narendramodi modis constituency, on august 2 last and was admitted to the hospital.
;;0.0;;the prime ministers office has started directly monitoring development projects in varanasi, prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency.
;;0.0;;the dismantling of the plan and new fund flow mechanism for the states started with prime minister narendramodi modis first independence day speech in 2014 where he announced the scrapping of the planning commission.
;;0.0;;a letter written by sukam invertors and solar systems cmd kunwer sachdev to prime minister narendramodi claimed that pending technology patents were hindering the centres make in india initiative.
;;-0.6908;;a court in assam has issued an arrest warrant against delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal after he failed to appear before it in a defamation case over his tweet on prime minister narendramodi modis education qualifications.
;;-0.34;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday said mahamilawat meant chaos and corruption and only the bjp could effectively develop upaddressing a rally at madhopur in bhadohi district, modi said india topped the world in producing handmade carpets because of the weavers of bhadohi and added that modern looms were being provided to weavers and they were being trained.
;;0.5106;;indiaupdated: aug 20, 2019 00:14 istus president donald trump conveyed to prime minister narendramodi the importance of reducing tensions between india and pakistan and maintaining peace in the region in a phone conversation during which they discussed regional developments and the us-india strategic partnership.
;;0.7783;;it was raining praises for prime minister narendramodi from some global ceos at the vibrant gujarat summit here while one of them went on to say that many in the us wished he could take over the american leadership.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi , whose bjp is said to have pushed the two factions to come together, hailed the merger.
;;-0.5859;;it would be an immoral and criminal act to spoil the environment for future generations, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday, and underlined the need to protect nature, as the donald trump administration mulls to overturn the us position on the 2015 paris climate accord.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and german chancellor angela merkel look on as mous are exchanged between commerce minister nirmala sitharaman and a german representative in berlin on tuesday.
;;0.0;;german foreign minister sigmar gabriel and india's minister of state for external affairs mj akbar sign documents as prime minister narendramodi and german chancellor angela merkel look on in berlin on tuesday.
;;0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi modis first government dropped india shining and focused on antyodaya, or improving the life of the last person in the line.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the procurement of a batch of 36 rafale jets after talks with the then french president francois hollande on april 10, 2015 in paris.
;;-0.5994;;they handed over two separate memorandums to deputy commissioner dilraj singh  one addressed to prime minister narendramodi seeking sacking of the bjp government in mp for police firing on farmers and the other for punjab chief minister capt amarinder singh on debt waiver.
;;0.4404;;uttarakhand chief minister trivendra singh rawat is likely to be asked to speed up governance and adopt a visibly pro-active instance on the bjps policy of zero tolerance against corruption at his meeting with prime minister narendramodi on sunday, bjp insiders said.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi modis first budget since sweeping to victory in the recent national election has sought to boost investments while continuing his governments focus on social sector spending.
;;0.0;;earlier, several bjp leaders, including prime minister narendramodi had repeatedly said that dozens of tmc leaders, including mlas and mps are in touch with bjp and are waiting for the results of the parliamentary elections to switch camp.
;;0.6908;;kumars party had stayed out of prime minister narendramodi modis government when he dumped bihars early version of the grand alliance comprising lalu yadavs party and the congress and teamed up with the bjp again.
;;0.3182;;whatever may be the outcome of exit poll, we were optimistic of the return of narendramodi government, kumar said.
;;-0.1027;;if implemented, the plan would resolve a major headache facing indian regulators: how to reduce a surge in cash deposits since prime minister narendramodi banned higher-value notes in november.
;;0.0772;;so, you think bengal is going to add to prime minister narendramodi modis number of seats?
;;0.0;;at the niti aayogs governing council meetingon june 15, prime minister narendramodi presented an ambitious target for indias gross domestic product  $5 trillion by 2024, and a doubling of farmers income.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi had on may 16, promised to build a grand panch dhatu (traditional five-metal alloys of sacred significance) statue of vidyasagar at the same spot where the old one stood before being vandalized.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted a new yoga video on wednesday morning listing the benefits of the surya namaskar or the sun salutation pose.
;;0.0;;6) setting agenda with modi: on march 21, he went to delhi to meet prime minister narendramodi to discuss distribution of portfolios to his ministers.
;;0.0;;the president indicated that it was up to prime minister narendramodi to take up his mediation offer.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that the government has initiated major infrastructure projects in the seven northeast states, including investing rs 40,000 crore to improve the roads and highways, with the aim to make the region a gateway of southeast asia.
;;-0.4939;;earlier in the day prime minister narendramodi expressed grief at the incident.
;;0.4404;;he had thanked prime minister narendramodi for the scheme during a meeting in new delhi.
;;0.128;;the book, edited by former state bjp president mahesh chandra sharma, was launched by prime minister narendramodi at new delhis vigyan bhawan on october 9 last year.
;;-0.5574;;he must talk to prime minister narendramodi and introduce an ordinance to circumvent the 2014 ban on bullock cart racing, said shiv sena mp shivajirao adhalrao patil.
;;-0.2057;;however, the much-anticipated pact pertaining to the $75 billion investment fund for infrastructure development in the country, was not among the agreements signed after talks between prime minister narendramodi and crown prince of abu dhabi, sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan.
;;0.0;;the deal was signed by oil minister dharmendra pradhan and a representative of adnoc after a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and abu dhabis crown prince.
;;-0.5574;;president trump had made the mediation offer during khans white house visit in july with a claim that even prime minister narendramodi had asked him to, which was swiftly and summarily denied by new delhi, and reiterated that the kashmir issue can only be resolved bilaterally, and only after pakistan stopped supporting terrorism.
;;-0.4767;;though yogi was primarily here to mark the three years rule of the narendramodi government at the centre, he chose to attack the nitish kumar regime for its inertness.
;;0.3612;;the up cm, however, did not speak on the prohibition policy of the state or respond to bihar chief ministers dare to apply prohibition in up  a policy, which prime minister narendramodi had lauded  and grant 50  reservation to women, as bihar had.
;;0.0258;;the narendramodi government has risen over such matters and is intent on implementing the provisions of the indian constitution.
;;-0.0572;;referring to the minorities, yogi said the narendramodi government did not want to use them as vote banks.
;;-0.8995;;prime minister narendramodi has turned the country into hiroshima and nagasaki by dropping the demonetisation bomb, the shiv sena has said in its most vicious attack on the government over the shock recall of high-value banknotes.
;;0.4939;;last week, mint reported that nripendra misra, principal secretary to prime minister narendramodi , wrote to sanjeev ranjan, secretary, ministry of road transport and highways, suggesting that nhai consider becoming a road asset management company without actually holding road assets or building any more of its own.
;;-0.6486;;the election commission cleared prime minister narendramodi on saturday of any wrongdoing in a complaint by the congress of violating the model code of conduct in speeches made in gujarats patan earlier this month.
;;0.0;;the ndmc in a meeting on friday passed the resolution a day after prime minister narendramodi had announced the renaming at st petersburg while issuing a joint statement with russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;there is also a similar proposal to rename teen murti marg as teen murti haifa marg, after the third-largest city in the country of israel ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit in july.
;;0.0;;he claimed that the officials refrained from frisking the choppers and vehicles used in prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shahs election campaign in uttarakhand.
;;0.7906;;given shahs proximity to prime minister narendramodi , and the relationship of trust they share, the home ministers autonomy to take decisions is expected to be far greater than any other cabinet minister.
;;0.0;;the himachal pradesh government is providing all possible assistance that is required, prime minister narendramodi tweeted.
;;-0.6597;;despite prime minister narendramodi modis initial overtures to pakistan, zhao blamed india for derailing the peace process between the two countries by accusing pakistan of harbouring terrorists.
;;0.0;;lucknow, the city of nawabs, has been finalised to host the main event of the international day of yoga (idy) celebrations in which prime minister narendramodi will participate.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi had in april, 2015, said there is a need to brainstorm over whether tribunals lead to faster delivery of justice or are acting as barriers to it and slowing it down.
;;0.2023;;congress president rahul gandhi on thursday congratulated prime minister narendramodi for the ndas massive win and assumed responsibility for the partys massive defeat.
;;0.6908;;birol, who met pradhan on the sidelines of the ceraweek which kicked off yesterday, told reporters that the leadership of prime minister narendramodi has provided a strong impetus to indian economy, particularly in terms of boosting oil and gas production.
;;0.0;;guwahati/new delhi: addressing an election rally in silchar in southern assam, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the mood in the country can be guessed by the crowds in his rallies.
;;0.2023;;demanding a thorough investigation into the incident, they raised slogans against prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh, the bharatiya janata party and the rashtriya swayamsewak sangh.
;;0.0;;in june, eesl had given 8,591 led lights (costing rs 22,000 each) to the civic body and these were to be installed before june 21 when prime minister narendramodi was scheduled to visit lucknow on world yoga day.
;;0.4019;;with the bjp set to return to power, its parliamentary board is expected to meet thursday evening at the party headquarters where prime minister narendramodi is likely to make a speech.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi wants the bjp go for a talent hunt to infuse new blood in the party.
;;-0.5719;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 23:46 istin his sixth independence day speech from red fort, but the first after taking over for a second term in office, prime minister narendramodi on thursday highlighted the removal of articles 370 and 35a of the constitution, ending the practice of instant talaq among muslims, strengthening of laws to fight terror, and moving towards one nation, one constitution as some of the key accomplishments of the national democratic alliance (nda) government in less than 70 days of its second term.
;;-0.7351;;addressing a press conference here, jakhar, who is also gurdaspur mp, said the arrogance of prime minister narendramodi and amit shah had been crushed by the results of recent bypolls in uttar pradesh and the congress performance in gujarat and karnataka.
;;-0.0516;;the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on sunday raked up a jeep scandal of 1948 to claim that the party-led nda regimes under prime minister narendramodi and former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee were corruption-free.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis make in india and startup india have their own effect on swadeshi -- one talks of manufacturing in india and the other talks of building more companies out of india.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi modis commitment -- sabka saath sabka vikas -- policies have inspired me, he said at a press conference on monday at the state bjps headquarters on pandit pant marg.
;;0.0;;5) bjp to ring in governments fourth year with modi fest from may 26the bjp will sell what sells the most  narendramodi modi.
;;0.34;;i believe that under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and security agencies intervention, india will ultimately prevail in kashmir, he said at the samvaad conclave organised by india tv.
;;0.7693;;he was now a bit distant from day-to-day politics though he did mention with great affection the fact that even now prime minister narendramodi called to check on him almost every evening, no matter in which time zones they were.
;;-0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday fired a salvo at the congress and dmk in tamil nadu and said that their alliance had no vision of mission for the future of the country.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi failed to fulfil the promises he made in 2014.
;;-0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi is surprised over the bill to accord constitutional status to an obc commission getting stuck in the rajya sabha.
;;0.836;;from a leader who limited exposure to media, people saw may up close and personal during the campaign; opinion divided whether they liked her or notincreased new registrations by young voters enthused by corbyns promise of scrapping tuition feesconservative party releasing a slick video titled theresa ke saath with a hindi song and images of indian prime minister narendramodi to appeal to the british indian communitymay performing abhishek in a hindu temple; corbyn wearing saffron headgear during a gurdwara visit.
;;0.7096;;prime minister narendramodi has praised odisha chief minister naveen patnaik for overseeing the relief and rescue operation after cyclone fani left a trail of destruction in the eastern state.
;;0.9118;;also read | pm narendramodi in cyclone fani-hit odisha to review situationhe said everyone, including the central and state teams as well as in the district and grassroots level, worked with great coordination in the rescue and relief work.
;;0.0;;delhi bjp spokesperson tajinder pal singh bagga, in a letter to prime minister narendramodi , requested the road should be named after the slain soldier.
;;0.5106;;on the back of exit polls forecasting a return of the narendramodi government, the nda also expressed its confidence that it will emerge victorious.
;;0.3612;;ahead of the dinner, prime minister narendramodi and amit shah met the union council of ministers at the bjp headquarters in new delhi to thank them for their service to the nation during last five years.
;;0.0;;a controversy has erupted over prime minister narendramodi modis comments in a television interview in which he said that he sent an email in 1987-88.
;;-0.3818;;fight for rera, an umbrella body of more than 100 home-buyers associations from across india, had in november written to prime minister narendramodi and the chief ministers of up and gujarat, saying the changes would render the new law redundant.
;;-0.8074;;the shiv sena on monday called the assassination plot against prime minister narendramodi and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis a thrilling horror story and said such threats have the tendency to surface ahead of elections.
;;0.7269;;prime minister narendramodi , in one of his first political initiatives after winning a spectacular mandate, convened an all party meeting on wednesday to deliberate on a pet theme: one nation; one poll.
;;-0.3871;;targeting prime minister narendramodi modis flagship schemes swacch bharat and smart city projects, gandhi said that taking photographs with brooms wont help clean mumbai, which does not have adequate solid waste management infrastructure and rs 100 crore cannot transform a megapolis into a smart city.
;;-0.6369;;in the latest of a series of attacks on its ally, the shiv sena took digs at prime minister narendramodi modis decision to demonetise rs1,000 and rs500 notes, claiming that it had weakened farmers financial state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has few options left as a slowing economy crimps tax revenue, while investors have been concerned about his plans to borrow a record 7.
;;0.0;;yeddyurappa said he will meet vala to stake claim after consulting prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday lashed out at the harish rawat-led congress government for poor development of a young state.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi condoled the death of the children in the mishap.
;;-0.0772;;india has denied trumps claim that prime minister narendramodi requested him to mediate between india and pakistan for resolving the kashmir issue.
;;-0.0772;;previously, during his bihar visit, prime minister narendramodi had appreciated chief minister nitish kumars step of total liquor ban in his state.
;;0.2732;;calling herself a supporter of prime minister narendramodi , barot said she was mainly campaigning through social media and posters.
;;0.0;;as polling began at 7am, prime minister narendramodi urged young voters to vote in record numbers.
;;-0.1419;;i dont like prime minister narendramodi and bjp national president amit shah but i dont see congress national president rahul gandhi as the prime minister either.
;;0.0;;yashwant sinha claimed that a group of 10-20 people accompany prime minister narendramodi wherever he goes and chants modi, modi.
;;0.6597;;the bharatiya janata party (bjp) member of legislative assembly (mla) from gurgaon, umesh agarwal, on thursday, alleged that the congress raised slogans against prime minister narendramodi outside kingdom of dreams (kod).
;;0.1531;;the result will force the aam aadmi party, especially kejriwal, who was positioning himself as a challenger to prime minister narendramodi by taking him on directly in public discourse, to ask himself some uncomfortable questions.
;;0.4019;;during his election rallies for the lok sabha elections in bengal, prime minister narendramodi and amit shah, now the home minister, spoke about corruption in the ruling party.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has announced to get the sacrilege incidents probed by the cbi, sukhbir said.
;;-0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi modis claim that the congress tried to kill samajwadi party (sp) patriarch mulayam singh yadav in 1984 is the latest in a series of remarks targeted at the main opposition party and its leaders.
;;-0.3182;;here are some of the digs and accusations he has made after taking over as the prime minister in may 2014:may 16, 2015: at a reception hosted by the indian community in shanghai, china, prime minister narendramodi took a dig at congress vice-president rahul gandhi for going on a two-month vacation earlier that year.
;;-0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday took aim at the congress government of karnataka and accused it of having reduced bengaluru to a valley of sin from silicon valley.
;;0.0;;the exit polls predicted that prime minister narendramodi was set to retain power with the nda led by him likely to get seats in the range of 336 and 360 in the house of 542.
;;0.3657;;indiaupdated: sep 15, 2019 13:45 istbengal chief minister mamata banerjee, one of prime minister narendramodi modis most trenchant critics, called upon people on sunday to do everything it takes to protect rights and freedoms guaranteed by the constitution as she warned of a super emergency under the current regime.
;;0.4939;;nilangekar, who had contested on a bjp ticket against his grandfather and former cm shivaji patil nilangekar, took the decision inspired by prime minister narendramodi , who is against dynasty politics.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi spoke to patnaik and discussed the situation in the aftermath of fanis landfall.
;;0.4482;;earlier that week, he had been involved in a spat with the congress unit in kerala unit which alleged that he had praised prime minister narendramodi after he endorsed another congress leader jairam rameshs statement that demonizing modi wont help the opposition.
;;0.4588;;these are over and above interest rate subventions announced by prime minister narendramodi on december 31.
;;-0.5106;;taking a swipe at prime minister narendramodi for his remark that poverty was his caste, mayawati said, the pm has now started harping on his caste.
;;-0.5106;;in view of unfulfilled election promises and the public agitation, their swayamsevaks are not being seen putting in the work, it has made narendramodi nervous, the bsp chief tweeted.
;;-0.8807;;watch: mayawati accuses pm modi of doing dirty politics over alwar rape caseprime minister narendramodi on sunday hit out at bahujan samaj party chief mayawati, accusing her of shedding crocodile tears over an alleged gang rape in rajasthans alwar and dared her party to withdraw support from the congress government in that state.
;;-0.34;;recently, in an election rally in ghaziabad, the prime minister narendramodi slammed the state government for denying the comptroller and auditor general (cag) an audit of gda.
;;0.6486;;after wooing karnataka voters on the hindutva plank, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath is set to take forward the religious outreach in ayodhya on saturday, when he welcomes a bus launched by prime minister narendramodi from nepal.
;;0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi thanked the people for their unwavering faith in politics of development and good governance.
;;0.0772;;in a breather to prime minister narendramodi , the supreme court on wednesday rejected a plea for probing the alleged payoffs by the birla-sahara groups when he was the gujarat chief minister.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi on friday held talks with us president donald trump and discussed various bilateral and global issues including iran, 5g communications networks, trade and defence ahead of the g-20 summit.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has asked all cabinet ministers to delegate more work to their juniors and involve them in decision-making.
;;0.0;;in delhi, the union cabinet headed by prime minister narendramodi met on monday, amidst speculation that the government may take some decisions on jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;the comments by trump were his first and comes two weeks since his meeting with prime minister narendramodi on the sidelines of the g7 summit in france on august 26.
;;0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday appealed to the states to work closely with the centre to realise the dreams of a new india, days after he spoke about his governments strong political will to push economic reforms.
;;-0.6369;;in yet another social media video that surfaced on the social media earlier this year, army lance naik yagya pratap singh alleged harassment by superiors for writing to prime minister narendramodi over problems faced by soldiers.
;;0.0;;the up ke ladke slogan has been chosen as the alliance theme ostensibly to target pm narendramodi who hails from gujarat but is now an mp from uttar pradesh.
;;0.8625;;deepa recently joined the bharatiya janata party (bjp), attributing her decision to join the party to the assistance provided by the nda government under prime minister narendramodi to para-athletes, that resulted in a vast improvement in their performance at the international level.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to take part in the summit.
;;0.25;;the beti bachao, beti padhao initiative is one of prime minister narendramodi modis pet projects, and in a state like haryana  which has been deemed unsafe for women from the womb to adulthood  the message was a ray of hope for the otherwise neglected girl child.
;;0.8622;;prime minister narendramodi , who had called up captain amarinder on the day of the declaration of the results, took to twitter to congratulate the new punjab cm, wishing him the very best in working for punjabs development.
;;-0.3818;;this election is a fight between prime minister narendramodi and rahul gandhi, he said.
;;0.7351;;narendra modi keeps asking who is the leader in the opposition and i keep saying, every leader in the opposition is as strong or better than narendramodi , he said.
;;0.0;;a meeting of the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , decided that central rule, which has been continuing in jammu and kashmir since june 20, 2018, will remain for six months.
;;-0.128;;indiaupdated: jul 29, 2019 16:27 istcome august 12 and the world will see a completely different side of prime minister narendramodi when he features on man vs wild, learning the tricks of survival in untamed wilderness with the show host bear grylls to raise awareness about protecting nature.
;;0.0;;speaking about the show, prime minister narendramodi , said, for years, i have lived among nature, in the mountains and the forests.
;;0.0;;they plan to petition prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis to intervene.
;;0.5994;;indiaupdated: aug 25, 2019 18:46 isthow did bear grylls converse with prime minister narendramodi in the special episode of man vs wild when the famed adventurer and survivalist does not understand hindi?
;;0.0;;will prime minister narendramodi and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray meet soon?
;;-0.7165;;the survey comes barely three months after prime minister narendramodi pulled out about 86  of all cash from the economy, disrupting economic activity in asias third-largest economy and hit particularly the poor.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis lookalike abhinandan pathak on friday filed his nomination papers from lucknow lok sabha constituency where union home minister rajnath singh is in the fray.
;;0.34;;besides holding talks with his indian counterpart s jaishankar, pompeo will meet prime minister narendramodi and national security adviser ajit doval on june 26, the main working day of his visit.
;;0.6369;;consultation and consensus is the best and often the only way forward, he said, lauding the speech of prime minister narendramodi after the bjp scored landslide victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand.
;;0.7713;;i have also been deeply impressed by the focused approach, energy and capacity for hard work of prime minister narendramodi , he said.
;;0.3612;;the informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president x jinping in wuhan last month saw them developing the kind of rapport that the two leaders can now speak to each other directly on any issue of importance, external affairs minister sushma swaraj said at her annual press conference on monday.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi modis vehicle already displays its registration number.
;;-0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi also condoled the loss of lives in the accident.
;;0.8074;;wayanad member of parliament rahul gandhi spoke to prime minister narendramodi requesting money for relief and rehabilitation of the district, and was assured that all help will be provided.
;;-0.4215;;11:45 am ist rahul gandhi last week asked pm modi to quell apprehensions about kashmir rahul gandhi last week asked prime minister narendramodi to quell apprehensions about kashmir.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi said on saturday that the upcoming uttar pradesh election was the bjps fight against scam, an acronym that he used to refer to the samajwadi party, congress, uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav and bsp chief mayawati.
;;0.6124;;so far nobody has bought the innovative idea that frying pakoras is also a job, he said, referring to prime minister narendramodi modis remark which he has targeted in the past as well.
;;-0.2263;;the protests came on a day when jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi and pressed for a dialogue with separatists in the state.
;;0.1027;;the decision was taken at the cabinets first meeting here on sunday evening in order to give an impetus to the prime minister narendramodi modis flagship programme.
;;0.4019;;the two-day mega show in the capital of odisha, a state that prime minister narendramodi is trying to project as a laboratory for his development agenda, will likely push regional parties to close ranks.
;;-0.296;;intriguingly, after a controversy over the mention of kabristan (burial ground) by prime minister narendramodi at a poll rally during the up assembly elections in march, the word went missing from the manifesto.
;;0.0;;watch | pok a part of india, expect to have jurisdiction over it: jaishankarthere was also a question on the message that us president donald trumps presence at prime minister narendramodi modis houston diaspora event would send to pakistan.
;;-0.6808;;communities and countries develop a reputation, he said, underscoring a point made by prime minister narendramodi in afghanistan when he had contrasted how it, because of the difference in reputation of the two neighbours had different meanings in context of india and pakistan; information technology in reference to india and international terrorism in pakistans case.
;;0.128;;the party also lauded prime minister narendramodi for unequivocally stating that kashmir is indias internal issue on the sidelines of the g7 summit and has refused intervention from any other country.
;;0.8934;;expelled samajwadi party (sp) leader aman mani tripathi, who recently won the nautanwa seat as an independent candidate, showered praise on prime minister narendramodi and bharatiya janata party (bjp) national president, amit shah, in ghaziabad on thursday.
;;0.7579;;indiaupdated: sep 17, 2019 18:26 istas greetings poured in for prime minister narendramodi on his 69th birthday, the indian farmers fertiliser cooperative ltd. (iffco), one of indias largest cooperatives, decided to celebrate it a bit differently with the kick-off of a nationwide tree plantation campaign from madhya pradesh on tuesday.
;;0.7506;;last year prime minister narendramodi was awarded with the uns highest environmental honour, for his leadership of the international solar alliance and pledge to eliminate single use plastic in india by 2022.
;;-0.4939;;congress strikes back, speaker smilesembroiled in the sand mining controversy, the three-month-old government was able to tackle the opposition by the fiery speech of amrinder singh raja warring, who heaped lavish praise on the cm and mimicked sukhbir, kejriwal and prime minister narendramodi , using drama and substance.
;;-0.1901;;the year of culture was announced during the november 2015 visit of prime minister narendramodi , but the brexit vote six months later has prompted extra focus as india is among the top countries britain is courting to compensate for the loss of european market.
;;-0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi launched a scathing attack at rahul gandhi at his maharashtra rally on wednesday, accusing the congress president of targeting him and his community because he was from a backward community.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi too has attacked the congress over the condition of dalits.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi too, time and again, has batted for womens empowerment.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi said on sunday states need to work together for what he calls a vision to create a new india, addressing a meeting of the niti aayogs governing council that was skipped by chief ministers mamata banerjee and arvind kejriwal  two of his staunchest critics.
;;-0.4767;;the election commission of india (eci) has suspended a karnataka-cadre indian administrative service (ias) officer who was serving as general observer for the sambalpur lok sabha constituency in odisha for checking a vehicle in the convoy of prime minister narendramodi in breach of the poll watchdogs guidelines.
;;0.0;;of course, prime minister narendramodi had pre-empted union finance minister arun jaitley by announcing some goodies at the turn of the year (the budget speech mentions them) leaving that much less for him to dole out.
;;0.0;;shivpur assembly segment is part of the chandauli lok sabha constituency that borders prime minister narendramodi modis varanasi lok sabha constituency.
;;0.0;;responding to prime minister narendramodi modis remarks about upa chairperson sonia gandhis italian origin, congress president rahul gandhi said on thursday that she was more indian than many indian people i have met.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi has appointed samant goel as the next chief of indias external spy agency, research and analysis wing (r&aw) and arvinda kumar as the director, intelligence bureau.
;;0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi is often described by his party as a workaholic who sleeps for just a few hours, presenting him as a sharp contrast to congress president rahul gandhi who is projected by the bjp as a politician lacking commitment.
;;-0.0516;;also read: exclusive | narendramodi is obsessed with my family: rahul gandhihow do you define work?
;;0.0772;;i will bet you, whatever you want, that as far as thinking about india is concerned, im spending at least 10 times the amount of time, that mr narendramodi is spending, the congress president said.
;;-0.4588;;and mr narendramodi bought it hook, line and sinker, said gandhi, who has been the target of a campaign that attempts to ridicule him.
;;-0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday paid his tributes to former prime minister rajiv gandhi, who was assassinated 28 years ago by an ltte suicide bomber in tamil nadu.
;;0.7184;;columnsupdated: sep 16, 2019 21:30 istwhen united states (us) president donald trump joins prime minister narendramodi modis 50,000-strong public rally in houston next week, it will showcase the strength of the us-india relationship.
;;0.296;;the announcement comes in the backdrop of a litmus test for prime minister narendramodi modis administration as it begins to restore normalcy in the region against the backdrop of unrest in the valley.
;;0.34;;this also comes at a time when prime minister narendramodi modis second term in office has been clouded by the economic slowdown, tepid job growth and decelerating exports.
;;0.4939;;while the exact date has not been decided, netanyahu is expected to meet his friend prime minister narendramodi either on september 7 or 8.
;;-0.8555;;prime minister narendramodi on friday attacked congress president rahul gandhi hours after he said that sam pitroda should be ashamed of his comment on the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
;;-0.34;;days after prime minister narendramodi accused indian doctors of having a nexus with pharmaceutical companies for unethical rewards, the indian medical association (ima) hit back with claims that modis madison square meeting was co-organised by a leading pharmaceutical company.
;;0.1027;;when prime minister imran khan says that he wants to resolve the main sticking point in bilateral relations, namely kashmir, with prime minister narendramodi before walking into the sco summit at bishkek, it sounds like a stuck record playing a bad rendition of yesterday once more.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath have appreciated the efforts being put in by gupta.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi will formally launch an aadhaar-based mobile app platform for traders along with two incentive schemes on april 14, to push indians towards a less-cash economy and curb black money generation.
;;0.34;;security was beefed up at the pathankot air force base during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the air base.
;;0.4927;;prime minister narendramodi and sharma were the only two indians to make it to an annual list of 100 most influential people in the world this year released by the time magazine.
;;0.3818;;china on wednesday applauded prime minister narendramodi modis positive remarks on bilateral ties but made it clear even before the applause ended that beijings position is not changing any time soon on indias nuclear suppliers group membership, terrorist tag for masood azhar and the economic corridor with pakistan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi sanctioned rs 50,000 for an orphan brother-sister duo in kota who had found rs 96,500 in demonetised bank notes months after the deadline to exchange such notes was over.
;;0.0258;;the janata dal (united) president was the first non-bjp chief minister to support prime minister narendramodi modis shock announcement to recall 500- and 1,000-rupee notes last november.
;;0.0;;sakshi singh was right there when prime minister narendramodi arrived at the main gate of the banaras hindu university (bhu) on 25 april to kick off his 7-km road show and election campaign for the varanasi lok sabha seat.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , bharatiya janata party president amit shah, the law commission and many political commentators have been advocating simultaneous elections, occurring in 60-month cycles.
;;-0.4767;;ljp mp from munger, chirag paswan, who got a pat from prime minister narendramodi for showing his parliamentary skills, too, joined the issue on wednesday and demanded tejashwis resignation from he lop post.
;;0.0;;obviously there has been a premium on candidatures from the bjp and its minor functionaries now seem to have put both narendramodi and devendra fadnavis to a good deal of embarrassment.
;;-0.5994;;organised by the international institute for strategic studies (iiss), the indian high commission and the all party parliamentary group on india, the event saw akbar reiterating prime minister narendramodi modis objective of replacing poverty alleviation with poverty elimination.
;;0.7783;;the farmers uprising in madhya pradesh, as well as neighbouring maharashtra over similar demands, poses a big challenge for prime minister narendramodi , who stormed to power three year ago with the promise of freeing farmers of a cycle of debts.
;;0.0;;us secretary of state mike pompeo plans to use prime minister narendramodi modis election campaign slogan  modi hai to mumkin hai  to explore new frontiers of bilateral relations during his upcoming india visit during which he expects discussions on a host of issues, including trade.
;;0.4019;;delhiupdated: aug 18, 2019 21:28 istbharatiya janata party (bjp) mp hans raj hans has suggested that the jawaharlal nehru university (jnu) should be renamed after prime minister narendramodi , drawing sharp reactions.
;;0.0;;45pm: yeddyurappa says prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah made me the chief ministerial candidate.
;;0.0;;last year, prime minister narendramodi paid obeisance at sant ravidas temple.
;;0.4019;;the party also said that prime minister narendramodi should make a statement in parliament on the current situation in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.6808;;the chief minister also thanked pm narendramodi for his support and assistance.
;;0.34;;the indiscretion was disconcerting enough to prompt even prime minister narendramodi to harp on security and stability of punjab in his rallies.
;;0.0;;in reply to a query, sharma claimed that prime minister narendramodi had never talked about congress mukt bharat but had talked about getting rid of the congress mindset.
;;0.7845;;prime minister narendramodi made three requests on his first mann ki baat address after returning to power while inviting his listeners to help fulfill them.
;;0.3612;;earlier in his address, prime minister narendramodi replied to controversies over his kedarnath trip and the last mann ki baat address apart from reminding his listeners of the importance of upholding democracy and reading books.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi modis radio programme mann ki baat resumed today almost a month after the pm returned to power.
;;0.0;;he said the media has made this an election between prime minister narendramodi and cm ashok gehlot while this election was one between nationalism and dynasty.
;;0.0;;chief minister harish rawat on friday took a jibe at prime minister narendramodi modis statement on building roads to connect haridwar, gangotri, yamnotri and badrinath.
;;0.4019;;the bjps victory in karnataka is unprecedented because it busts the perception that the party belongs to the hindi-speaking parts of the country, said prime minister narendramodi on tuesday.
;;-0.765;;he accused prime minister narendramodi of creating trouble in kashmir and said: it is all because of hitler modi that we smell war over kashmir.
;;0.0;;the woman, who has written to prime minister narendramodi and prabhu,has described the executive as a predator.
;;0.4019;;bahujan samaj party chief mayawati ranted against electronic voting machines as she trolled prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah on results night.
;;0.7506;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi launched the partys election campaign in gujarat on monday with a promise to give a government that would listen to `mann ki baat of people while he took pot shots at prime minister narendramodi for catering only to the rich.
;;0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi promised to create two crore jobs a year.
;;0.4588;;besides promising an anti-romeo squad along with three separate battalions and three women police stations in each district, the cleverly coined slogan targets sp not just over law and order but on corruption tooissues that prime minister narendramodi touched upon at his meerut and aligarh rallies.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi and saudi crown prince mohammad bin salman on friday agreed that the iran-us tensions in the persian gulf could affect energy supplies and the pricing of oil.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi on monday said the oppositions mission mahamilavat is keen to form a khichdi government at the centre, the strings of which will remain in the hands of the congress.
;;0.7351;;indian auto shares rose on robust february sales growth of some automakers, which are returning to normalcy from the red since prime minister narendramodi demonetised high currency notes on november 8.
;;0.0;;codenamed mission 150, the plan centres around prime minister narendramodi , who is expected to visit his home state at least once every month till the elections.
;;0.7003;;micro planning 33 district executive meets by april 30over 240 taluka executive meets by may 7vistarak yojana from may 28 to june 4top leaders to travel to assigned areas for booth strengthening programmespublic events to mark three years of the narendramodi government in mayreaching out to farmers through month-long krishi mohatsav (agriculture fair)amitbhais message in recently concluded state executive meet was loud and clear - congress-mukt booths, pandya added.
;;0.3818;;the congress also urged prime minister narendramodi to ensure that his ministers maintained a high standard of morality.
;;0.3384;;as far as other issues concerned, our prime minister narendramodi is always very committed to the cause of morality.
;;-0.4767;;since both prime minister narendramodi and up chief minister yogi adityanath have gone on record saying they would be bringing a strict law to prevent mob-lynchings and take action against the perpetrators, we have decided to defer the july 26 camp, which was scheduled to be held inside bada imambara, said jawad.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 20, 2019 13:31 istdid you know that prime minister narendramodi authored a book peelu phool on untouchability and discrimination in his youth?
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and shah have changed the definition of politics in the country.
;;-0.5106;;the bjp came back to power as prime minister narendramodi is a very big salesman while the congress failed to market its product in the lok sabha polls, congress leader in the lok sabha adhir ranjan chowdhury said monday.
;;0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday pledged his governments commitment to the modernisation of the armed forces, took a swipe at pakistan and credited indias victory in the 1999 kargil war to the people of the country.
;;-0.743;;lalit modi, the former indian premier league chief, has threatened to sue congress president rahul gandhi for his all modis are thieves remark while targeting prime minister narendramodi in the election rallies.
;;0.2023;;mega defence deals, including procurement of an air defence system for the indian navy, are likely to be sealed during prime minister narendramodi modis upcoming visit to israel which will be first by an indian pm to the jewish nation.
;;0.0;;the jd-u president also met prime minister narendramodi to discuss developmental issues of the state and said that he will come back again this month to have a detailed meeting.
;;0.8519;;nirmala sitharaman (@nsitharaman) september 17, 2019wishes for pm narendramodi from several bjp leaders and people from across the party started pouring since midnight itself as many called him an inspiration and praised his leadership.
;;0.128;;union home minister and bjp president amit shah launched the partys seva saptah (service week) as part of prime minister narendramodi modis birthday celebrations on september 14.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi reached ahmedabad late monday night.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will visit germany, spain, russia and france during a europe trip between may 29 and june 3.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi been promoting the handloom fabric with the slogan khadi for nation, khadi for fashion.
;;0.4767;;in what is being seen as the bharatiya janata partys move to woo voters ahead of the 2017 assembly elections, prime minister narendramodi will visit uttarakhand in february to lay the foundation stone of a network of all-weather roads for the chardham.
;;-0.34;;he also stressed that prime minister narendramodi did not seek zakir naiks extradition when the two leaders met earlier this month.
;;0.1531;;apparently all political parties wanted it as issues were losing the potency to swing the votes and the vulnerable voters, smitten by personal aura of primarily prime minister narendramodi , chief minister akhilesh yadav and bsp national president mayawati, played into their hands.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the bjp is rooting for bollywood actor sunny deols victory from gurdaspur lok sabha constituency in punjab.
;;0.0;;with a rally to be addressed by prime minister narendramodi , scheduled at ramlila maidan on wednesday afternoon, and a congress road show in north east delhi around the same time, the delhi traffic police has alerted commuters about possible jams on roads in central and east delhi during this period.
;;-0.4404;;he alleged there was resentment among all castes and communities against the chief minister and that was evident when black flags were shown during prime minister narendramodi modis public meeting at jhunjhunu in march.
;;0.4019;;earlier today, prime minister narendramodi hugged and consoled a teary eyed sivan outside the mission operations complex after his address to the scientists and the nation.
;;0.34;;the other two major shrines of kedarnath and badrinath on the chardham circuit are scheduled to reopen on may 3 and may 6 respectively with prime minister narendramodi and president pranab mukherjee slated to visit them on the opening day itself.
;;0.3612;;yanamala equated prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah with dictators like hitler and mussolini, and said their dictatorial attitude had led to deterioration of the political culture of the bjp.
;;-0.34;;it also alleged that the narendramodi government was trying to make the states paupers by denying them funds so that they would depend on the centre.
;;0.5574;;chief minister said that the government is moving in the direction of prime minister narendramodi modis target of doubling farmers income and with this objective, the state government for the first time purchased crops worth rs 8900 crore on minimum support price.
;;0.0772;;thomas said the pac has asked reserve bank of india (rbi) to come out with the exact number of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes which were demonetised and deposited with banks after prime minister narendramodi announced the move on november 8.
;;0.7783;;he said the prime minister narendramodi , home minister amit shah and defence minister rajnath singh have been briefed on the rescue and relief efforts in karnataka.
;;0.2263;;11:25 am ist pm has assured to provide assistance: rahul gandhi wayanad mp rahul gandhi has spoken to prime minister narendramodi regarding assistance for people affected by floods and landslides in kerala, especially in wayanad, which is the worst-hit district.
;;0.0258;;the congress leader late thursday tweeted that he would reach out to prime minister narendramodi to brief him about the situation in the state and to request for assistance from the central government.
;;0.0;;in varanasi, where prime minister narendramodi stood for a re-election, the voter turnout was 57.
;;0.4215;;jagan and kcr also confabulated on their respective stands on issues slated to be discussed at the all-party meeting convened by prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on june 19, they said.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi had in october 2017 laid the foundation stone of five infrastructure projects there including widening of approach road to kedarnath, construction of ghat and a retaining wall on rivers mandakini and saraswati, construction of houses for purohit (priest) community, and construction of a museum and grand samadhi sthal of adi shankaracharya.
;;0.4023;;this means they cant be rejected by the rajya sabha, where prime minister narendramodi modis government doesnt have a majority.
;;-0.3612;;it was this deposit made three days after prime minister narendramodi announced scrapping of 500 and 1,000-rupee banknotes that caught the attentions of tax authorities, who are closely examining all suspicious high-value transactions done after the november 8 demonetisation announcement.
;;0.4019;;political heavyweights in the fray in up include prime minister narendramodi , union home minister rajnath singh, former congress president sonia gandhi, samajwadi party patron mulayam singh yadav and his son and sp national president, akhilesh yadav.
;;0.2732;;according to observers, gandhi referred to prime minister narendramodi modis new fitness video posted on twitter and asked if others had seen it.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had undertaken the ground-breaking ceremony for metro-5 in december 2018.
;;0.3818;;international union of architects (uia) had earlier written to prime minister narendramodi urging him to ensure protection, preservation and maintenance of the trio.
;;0.0;;the holy city of varanasi, which is also prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency, is the only exception.
;;-0.0772;;the whole country wants prime minister narendramodi to form the next government, because of his record of development, his action against terror and his efforts to make india proud in the international community of nations, said singh.
;;0.9001;;johnson, who won the race within the conservative party to become the countrys next prime minister, is expected to rely on his declared personal connect with prime minister narendramodi to deliver a truly special uk-india relationship.
;;0.5267;;india on monday ruled out any meeting between prime minister narendramodi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif when the two will be in kazakhstan this week, and asserted that pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to the international court of justice (icj).
;;-0.4215;;kumaraswamy criticised prime minister narendramodi for his pilgrimage to kedarnath and badrinath shrines.
;;0.4767;;meanwhile, the bhartiya janata party held rallies by prime minister narendramodi , bjp chief amit shah, home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley and defence minister manohar parrikar in the two states.
;;0.6124;;the congress is hoping to regain its lost glory in varanasi, the lok sabha constituency of prime minister narendramodi , during the final phase of uttar pradesh polls.
;;-0.4804;;another area of concern is climate change, which prime minister narendramodi sees as an almost existential threat to india.
;;-0.7906;;launching a sharp attack on prime minister narendramodi , maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray in his annual gudi padwa speech on saturday said his tenure as pm had been disastrous.
;;0.0;;we are a developing country, we meet those criteria, said foreign secretary vijay gokhale in a press briefing before prime minister narendramodi modis us visit.
;;-0.5994;;former union minister and son of former prime minister lal bahadur shastri, anil shastri will write to prime minister narendramodi after the parliament session for declassifying documents, including the raj narain committee report of 1977, relating to the death of his father in tashkent in 1966.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi led top politicians and bjp leaders as well as several chief ministers, including those from non-bjp ruled states, in wishing uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath on his 45th birthday.
;;-0.25;;the tie-ups may have underlined the urgency and the desperation in the opposition camp, but they also have the potential to grow into a national alliance against prime minister narendramodi in the 2019 general elections.
;;0.6597;;besides measures to clean up the system, prime minister narendramodi is pushing for simultaneous lok sabha and assembly elections in states, a move that will help reduce poll expenditure.
;;0.0;;preparations are in full swing in uttarakhands chardham in view of president pranab mukherjees visit to badrinath on may 6, which will be preceded by prime minister narendramodi modis trip to kedarnath, officials said.
;;0.0;;the term population explosion has regained currency, especially after prime minister narendramodi mentioned it in his independence day speech and said those having small families were doing an act of patriotism.
;;-0.7351;;the amu administration has suspended mohd zaid who was booked and arrested by aligarh police on wednesday for having objectionable image of prime minister narendramodi in his mobile phone.
;;-0.4019;;the citys ruling aam aadmi party (aap) has accused prime minister narendramodi of using central agencies and the lieutenant governor, who reports to the centre, to harass the government of chief minister arvind kejriwal.
;;-0.34;;read the story herepm modi meets xi jinping ahead of sco summitamid tense diplomatic relations, prime minister narendramodi met chinas president xi jinping ahead of the start of the sco summit at astana in kazakhstan on friday.
;;-0.1027;;when prime minister narendramodi stormed to power in 2014, he promised 10 million jobs and a roadmap to curb unemployment in india, especially among the youth.
;;0.5574;;presenting hits vision document to prime minister narendramodi on sunday, the niti aayog projected an annual average growth of 8  with faster reforms.
;;0.3612;;(prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath are both ready for the construction of the ram temple).
;;0.0772;;when prime minister narendramodi took over the reins of power in may, 2014, many of his close associates had expressed the opinion that his real challenge would be to re-energise the indian civil service which was inherently resistant to all change, transformation and implementation.
;;0.3182;;china wants the nsg to have thorough consultations for a non-discriminatory and universally applicable solution to all the countries, li said days ahead of a possible meeting between prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana on june 8 and 9.
;;0.1531;;suchi had delivered an emotional speech at prime minister narendramodi modis rally in bijnor on friday, claiming that her husband had been framed.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis first attempt in 2014 to reset ties with china boomeranged spectacularly.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi had himself reached out to virat kohli and several other sports personalities to vote and spread awareness about the same.
;;0.802;;the centre on may 3 told the supreme court that it had been unable to finalise the draft cauvery water sharing scheme for karnataka and tamil nadu by the may 3 deadline set by the top court because prime minister narendramodi and other central ministers had been busy campaigning for the karnataka elections.
;;-0.6486;;during the day-long protests outside offices of all district commissioners (dcs) in the state, the farmers will submit two memorandums: one on mp police firing addressed to prime minister narendramodi , and the other to punjab chief minister capt amarinder singh on his governments failure to fulfil the poll promise of farm loan waiver.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi said he has spoken to jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti about the flood situation in the state and offered the centres assistance.
;;-0.802;;an autocratic prime minister narendramodi , bloating over the arrogance of numbers and a captive rbi, has plunged the country into a state of economic anarchy, wiping out peoples earnings and creating a colossal sense of fear and insecurity, it said.
;;0.34;;besides discussions with his indian counterpart s jaishankar, pompeo will meet prime minister narendramodi and national security adviser ajit doval, people familiar with the developments said.
;;-0.4215;;at the press conference, gehlot said prime minister narendramodi had spread lies that retired army chief and former pakistan minister were present at former prime minister manmohan singhs house to plan on how to make ahmed patel the chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.6028;;businessupdated: sep 06, 2019 20:30 iststressing that prime minister narendramodi modis government has not forgotten the vision of nine per cent (usd$5 trillion economy) growth, a slew of steps are on the way to revive the economy, said member of parliament jayant sinha at ht-mintasia leadership summit 2019 in singapore on monday.
;;0.0;;a day after prime minister narendramodi filed his nomination for the varanasi lok sabha seat, bharat ratna ustad bismillah khans grandson nasir abbas said he wished he were invited to be one of the proposers for pm modi.
;;0.6486;;while the proposals submitted have been comprehensive and minutely detailed, one can remain expectant and hopeful that many of these recommendations will finally see the light of day either in todays launch by prime minister narendramodi or subsequently in the budget due next month.
;;0.0;;5 billion for bangladesh, even as the two countries signed 22 pacts after a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and his bangladeshi counterpart sheikh hasina.
;;0.0;;89 billion, the biggest since february 2012, on expectations that prime minister narendramodi will come back to power in the over-a-month-long polls that commence next week.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi modis metaphors  from festivals to funerals  for attacking opponents have been the talking point of mandate 2017 in uttar pradesh.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi had last year questioned the long vacation.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi said on december 31, 2016.
;;0.5574;;indiaupdated: sep 05, 2019 23:55 istindia on thursday announced a $1 billion line of credit for russias far east, with prime minister narendramodi saying new delhi will march beside moscow to implement president vladimir putins vision for developing the resource-rich region.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday addressed bjp members in varanasi as he launched a nationwide membership drive for the party.
;;0.8074;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said russian president vladimir putins invitation to him for the eastern economic forum was a matter of great respect.
;;0.6908;;2:08 pm ist i will wait for you: putin tells pm modi at joint conference putin also thanked prime minister narendramodi for accepting his invitation to attend the celebrations to mark the 75th anniversary of victory in the great patriotic war in moscow in may 2020.
;;0.2732;;before this, russia and india exchanged agreements in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin, in vladivostok.
;;0.0;;12:45 pm ist modi-putin hold delegation level talks prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin hold delegation level talks in vladivostok, reports ani.
;;0.0;;( ani / twitter )10:52 am ist pm modi interacts with workers, management at zvezda shipyard during his visit to the zvezda shipbuilding yard, prime minister narendramodi interacted with the management and workers there, reports news agency pti.
;;0.6124;;10:27 am ist pm modi, putin seen greeting each other prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin hug and shake hands before their departure for zvezda ship-building complex, vladivostok.
;;0.34;;: ani #watch russia: prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin hug and shake hands before their departure for zvezda ship-building complex, vladivostok.
;;0.0258;;twitter.com/9ddjyvbknl  ani (@ani) september 4, 201910:06 am ist pm modi and putin reach zvezda ship-building complex prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin arrive at zvezda ship-building complex.
;;0.0;;09:25 am ist pm modi, putin depart for zvezda ship-building complex prime minister narendramodi departs for zvezda ship-building complex along with russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.6597;;06:20 am ist indians welcome pm at russias far eastern federal university prime minister narendramodi welcomed by the indian diaspora in russia, at the far eastern federal university (fefu) in vladivostok.
;;0.8126;;( ani twitter )06:05 am ist pm modi receives guard of honour on arrival to vladivostok prime minister narendramodi receives a guard of honour, on his arrival in vladivostok.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday hailed prominent hindutva proponent vinayak damodar savarkar and said he was the first one to call the 1857 sepoy mutiny as the first war of independence.
;;0.128;;launched more than a year after prime minister narendramodi modis monthly radio programme mann ki baat, kejriwals interaction was live streamed on the website www.
;;0.0;;for live updates of the election results, click heremanoj sinha57-year-old sinha is the telecom minister in prime minister narendramodi modis government.
;;0.0258;;read | jallikattu allowed: centre makes arrangements for bull-taming in tntamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa recently wrote to prime minister narendramodi backing the sport, which wasnt held last year for the first time in decades.
;;0.0;;mulayam said that because of akhilesh, the prime minister narendramodi said the one who cannot be of his father, can't be of anyone else.
;;0.7184;;while mehbooba who, on one hand, is still trying to hard-sell the alliance with the bjp to people, maintains that only narendramodi can heal the wounds of kashmiri people, she has started talking about issues like the revocation of the controversial armed forces (special powers) act (asfpa) to try and gain some lost ground in her core constituency.
;;-0.5106;;kashmir did not react when narendramodi , who was unpopular in the valley after the 2002 gujarat riots, became the prime minister.
;;0.0772;;this was after his family said they would approach prime minister narendramodi over the delay in fulfilment of promises made by the bjp government in haryana.
;;0.4019;;hanif joined the bharatiya janata party (bjp) earlier this year in the presence of prime minister narendramodi at a public rally in vijaypur area of samba district.
;;-0.4019;;nawaz sharif-narendra modi meeting in june very much on cards: pakistan dailypakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and his indian counterpart narendramodi could meet on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana in june notwithstanding bilateral tensions, according to a media report in islamabad.
;;0.4588;;while chandrababu said he would support prime minister narendramodi modis call on the presidential nominee, pawar offered no assurance and said he would be in the national capital in a few days for further talks on the matter.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was 25 kilometres from ayodhya but did not visit the makeshift temple and hanumangarhi.
;;0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi will motivate thousands of aspiring innovators through a video-conference on april 1, the opening day of the smart india hackathon 2017.
;;0.0;;on the penultimate day of campaigning on wednesday, prime minister narendramodi is addressing four rallies and congress president rahul gandhi is holding corner meetings in bengaluru.
;;0.6486;;but he only kept saying narendramodi and praised narendramodi too.
;;-0.5267;;17pm: rahul gandhi says that while prime minister narendramodi will pay his tribute to br ambedkar, he stays quiet when people from sc and st communities are attacked.
;;0.0;;people will throw out narendramodi and the bjp from karnataka first, followed by rajasthan and madhya pradesh, gandhi said.
;;0.0;;2pm: pm narendramodi begins his address at chikmagalur.
;;0.0;;56am: prime minister narendramodi begins his address at a rally in bangarapet.
;;-0.2057;;erdogans meeting with prime minister narendramodi on monday came in the shadow of his comments on kashmir that were not well received in india.
;;-0.9022;;also read: how a shadow banking crisis sent indias auto sector into a tailspinthe downturn - regarded by industry executives as the worst suffered by the indian auto industry - is posing a big challenge for prime minister narendramodi modis government as it begins its second term at a time when indias jobless numbers are climbing.
;;0.0;;on may 28, prime minister narendramodi lauded the clean-up during his weekly radio address to the nation.
;;0.8225;;my best wishes in taking goa to new heights of progress, prime minister narendramodi tweeted.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi on friday held bilateral talks with us president donald trump and discussed a host of key issues including trade, defence and 5g communications networks ahead of the formal opening of the g-20 summit.
;;0.0;;also read| pm modi, us president donald trump hold talks; discuss trade, defencefollow live updates here:8:22 am ist pm modi holds bilateral meeting with saudi arabias crown prince mohammed bin salman prime minister narendramodi holds a bilateral meeting with saudi arabias crown prince mohammed bin salman on the sidelines of the g 20 summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi holds a bilateral meeting with saudi arabia's crown prince mohammed bin salman on the sidelines of the #g20summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/nrms73ptfk  ani (@ani) june 28, 20198:12 am ist pm modi with japan pm shinzo abe at g 20 summit in osaka prime minister narendramodi with japan prime minister shinzo abe at the g 20 summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with japan prime minister shinzo abe at the #g20summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.1531;;twitter.com/jrlsk6cnuy  ani (@ani) june 28, 20198:01 am ist pm modi gives five suggestions to tackle the three major challenges prime minister narendramodi gives five suggestions to tackle the three major challenges he outlined at the informal meeting of brics leaders on the sidelines of the #g20summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.0772;;#watch prime minister narendramodi gives five suggestions to tackle the three major challenges he outlined at the informal meeting of brics leaders on the sidelines of the #g20summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.1531;;7:48 am ist pm modi outlines three major challenges at the informal meeting of brics leaders prime minister narendramodi outlines three major challenges at the informal meeting of brics leaders on the sidelines of the g 20 summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.0772;;#watch prime minister narendramodi outlines three major challenges at the informal meeting of brics leaders on the sidelines of the #g20summit in osaka, japan.
;;0.802;;#watch us president donald trump at bilateral meeting with pm narendramodi in osaka, japan: we have become great friends & our countries have never been closer.
;;0.8271;;twitter.com/sjvenxi4df  ani (@ani) june 28, 20197:14 am ist i would like to have discussions on 4 issues- iran, 5g, our bilateral relations and defence relations: pm modi in this meeting, i would like to have discussions on 4 issues- iran, 5g, our bilateral relations and defence relations: pm modi #watch pm narendramodi at bilateral meeting with us president donald trump in osaka, japan: in this meeting, i would like to have discussions on 4 issues- iran, 5g, our bilateral relations & defence relations.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/nmoqxujzpc  ani (@ani) june 28, 20197:11 am ist pm modi and donald trump held bilateral meeting between india and us japan: pm narendramodi and us president donald trump at bilateral meeting between india and us in osaka.
;;0.0;;japan: pm narendramodi and us president donald trump at bilateral meeting between india & us in osaka pic.
;;0.4215;;twitter.com/jmxghmg0td  ani (@ani) june 28, 20197:10 am ist japan, america and india, jai, means victory: pm modi prime minister narendramodi at the trilateral meeting between united states, japan and india in osaka on the sidelines of g 20 summit : japan, america and india, jai, means victory.
;;0.4215;;#watch prime minister narendramodi at the trilateral meeting between united states, japan & india in osaka on the sidelines of #g20summit : japan, america and india, 'jai', means victory.
;;0.0;;khan and the leaders of the sco member countries, including prime minister narendramodi are attending the two-day summit in kyrgyzstans capital bishkek.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and [home minister] amit shah made the revocation of article 370 an election issue and it was also listed in their manifesto.
;;-0.2023;;he may be desperate to lead the nation into a new world jahan gham bhi na ho, aansoo bhi na ho but aam aadmi party (aap) chief arvind kejriwal instead of posting pictures of aap voters bringing in the much promised revolution in punjab on polling day, ranted against the election commission, blaming, you guessed it, prime minister narendramodi for its biased functioning.
;;0.8519;;he also urged prime minister narendramodi to announce a special economic package for the development of the border states of punjab and jammu & kashmir to create better job opportunities for their youth.
;;-0.0772;;reacting to the partys losses, jmm spokesperson supriyo bhattacharya welcomed the peoples mandate and congratulated prime minister narendramodi and his team.
;;0.0553;;when prime minister narendramodi visited canada in the spring of 2015, one of the more significant stops on his schedule was at the khalsa diwan societys historic ross street gurdwara.
;;0.1779;;a shutdown called by the kannada okkoota, an umbrella body of pro-kannada organisations, on monday demanding prime minister narendramodi modis intervention to ensure the completion of the kalasa-banduri nala project, has found few backers with schools and colleges remaining open and public transport plying across the state.
;;0.0;;the clearance for purchase of voter-verifiable paper audit trail (vvpat) machines was given during a meeting of the cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi after a brief discussion.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate a nationwide membership drive of the bharatiya janata party from varanasi on saturday.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the nationwide membership drive and will also launch a helpline number here today, rathi said.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi will pay a visit to visit to the virtual museum.
;;0.6808;;if the bjp manages to get the better of the cpm in the tripura election, it will deal a blow to the communist partys effort to cobble up an alliance of non-bjp parties to take on prime minister narendramodi in the 2019 national election.
;;0.5267;;while congratulating prime minister narendramodi for winning a second term, kejriwal also said he is looking forward to working together in delhi.
;;0.7906;;i congratulate narendramodi for this historic win and look forward to working together for the betterment of the people of delhi, he said in a tweet.
;;0.0;;he said that in the past five years, prime minister narendramodi had taken the countrys economy to the fifth position from the 11th position.
;;0.0258;;he urged prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister s jaishankar to take up the matter.
;;-0.2263;;as the yogi adityanath-led government took over in uttar pradesh, prime minister narendramodi today said the sole mission and motive is development of the state, in an apparent bid to allay apprehensions over the hardline hindutva mascot becoming the chief minister.
;;0.0;;while pakistan had been trying to make maximum noise on kashmir, prime minister narendramodi had on monday told the us president donald trump that dispute on kashmir was a bilateral issue between india and pakistan, in a clear reaffirmation of new delhis staunch opposition to any attempts to internationalise the matter.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi had, without naming pakistan, also told trump that extreme rhetoric was not conducive to maintenance of peace in the region.
;;0.1779;;cows are considered holy by many hindus, and have gained in importance since prime minister narendramodi stormed to power in 2014 with several bjp-ruled states enacting strict laws to punish cow slaughter.
;;-0.25;;as protest mounted in the state, chief minister pinarayi vijayan shot off a letter to prime minister narendramodi , saying the centre couldnt draw up a menu and change the food habits of people.
;;0.6874;;prime minister narendramodi took on bahujan samaj party (bsp) leader mayawati on saturday for her description of him as a fake other backward class (obc) leader and asked her party and its partner samajwadi party (sp) not to drag him into their caste politics, continuing a back-and-forth that has gone on for more than a week.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday said that india and singapore, which he termed a a bridge between india and south east asia , are building a partnership of our age.
;;-0.4215;;us pressure, chinese persuasionsaeed accused the government of bowing to pressure from indian prime minister narendramodi and the united states.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had on monday reviewed the flood situation in bihar through a telephonic talk with chief minister nitish kumar and his deputy sushil kumar modi.
;;0.0;;also read | lok sabha elections 2019: 59 seats up for vote, all you need to know about phase 7a total of 918 candidates, including prime minister narendramodi , are in the fray in this last phase of the lok sabha polls.
;;0.4215;;to recall, prime minister narendramodi was in the state capital on july 29, last year, for the first ground-breaking ceremony of the projects approved by the state government during the up investors summit in february 2018.
;;-0.6652;;he filed his nomination as an independent candidate against home minister rajnath singh and prime minister narendramodi in lucknow and varanasi in the 2014 lok sabha election but his papers were rejected.
;;0.0;;in five years, the government led by prime minister narendramodi has taken 50 major decisions for the betterment of the country and transformed the country, amit shah said.
;;0.0;;when the bjp came to power in 2014, prime minister narendramodi said that earlier governments worked to run the governments but we will run the government to run the country, said shah.
;;-0.6705;;hitting out at prime minister narendramodi over his stance on caste and his origins as a chaiwala, senior congress leader p chidambaram on sunday asked ifthe pm considers people a bunch of idiots who have suffered memory loss.
;;0.0;;mr narendramodi is the first person who became pm later who campaigned wearing his caste on his sleeve (2014): i am an obc.
;;0.0;;in the run-up to the state elections in 2015, prime minister narendramodi had announced rs 1.
;;0.2023;;indiaupdated: aug 24, 2019 00:33 istprime minister narendramodi on friday arrived in the uae where he will discuss bilateral and regional issues with the top leadership.
;;-0.25;;the pathankot attack has come nearly a week after prime minister narendramodi made a surprise stopover at lahore and held talks with his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif.
;;0.7184;;the factors that will work in our favour include the popularity of prime minister narendramodi and development works carried out by the parkash singh badal government in the state, he added.
;;0.3818;;this time too they will stand by the sad-bjp as the nation has emerged stronger under prime minister narendramodi , he added.
;;0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping underscored the importance of maintaining peace along the india-china border, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said at the end of the two-day summit between the two leaders in central chinese city wuhan.
;;0.3612;;the minister also said that roadshows have been held in six countries including the uk, us, china, russia, south korea and uae to attract the industry and potential investors for the textiles india event, to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi in gandhinagar on june 30.
;;0.4215;;indiaupdated: sep 17, 2019 14:37 istus president donald trump on monday said a lot of progress has been made in india-pakistan relations and that he looked forward to meeting prime minister narendramodi and pakistan premier imran khan shortly.
;;0.0;;three ministers -- indira hridayesh, pritam singh and pritam singh panwar  were able to retain their seats as mesmerising magic of prime minister narendramodi enabled the bjp to sweep to power in the hill state.
;;0.0;;kashmir may not be a major topic at upcoming modi-xi meet, says chinathe situation in kashmir might not be a major topic of discussion during the upcoming informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping in india next month, the chinese foreign ministry said on tuesday.
;;-0.4588;;the anxiety laid out in siddharthas letter, with multiple references to pressure from lenders and stakeholders, is an unwelcome scenario for prime minister narendramodi as he begins his second term with promises to turn india into an economic powerhouse, even as its commercial engine shows increasing signs of sputtering.
;;-0.34;;amid tense diplomatic relations, prime minister narendramodi met chinas president xi jinping ahead of the start of the sco summit at astana in kazakhstan on friday.
;;0.0;;the only two one-on-one meetings with a leader outside the national capital were with prime minister narendramodi in the cities of xian and wuhan.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi has changed service rules to allow married ias and ips officers to get same cadre state.
;;-0.128;;after prime minister narendramodi modis sudden decision to withdraw all high currency denomination notes of rs 500 and 1,000 on november 8, bankers have worked tirelessly to keep up with the demand of the customers.
;;0.0;;the first multilateral summit prime minister narendramodi will attend in his second term will be the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) get-together in kyrgystan.
;;-0.8979;;the bjp and prime minister narendramodi have put national security at the vanguard of their election campaign following the february 14 pulwama terrorist attack in which at least 40 paramilitary troops were killed.
;;-0.3716;;congress used to feed biryani to terrorists but modi ji ki sena (prime minister narendramodi modis army) gives them only golis and golas (bullets and bombs).
;;0.1531;;let your tears flow, otherwise the standing water will attract dengue-causing mosquitoes, reads a graffiti while a poster on an adjacent wall has the face of the owner next to that of prime minister narendramodi , the first holding a plate full of cash.
;;0.0;;a day ahead of the actual polling, prime minister narendramodi inaugurated the eastern peripheral expressway in baghpat, next door to kairana in what was not really an election rally, but almost one.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi will jointly inaugurate the 900-mw arun iii power project with his nepalese counterpart, announce special assistance for janakpur (birthplace of sita as per ramayana), and oversee the sides drawing timelines for implementing projects during his two-day visit to nepal on may 11 and 12, persons familiar with the planning said.
;;0.6517;;we appealed to them to support prime minister narendramodi without any fear, he said.
;;0.1935;;and there is russia, a long-time trusted defence partner of india that has watched the growing india-us ties with some alarm despite indian assurances of de-hyphenated relationships delivered most recently by prime minister narendramodi at an informal summit with president vladimir putin recently.
;;0.3182;;almost 18 years after the country cleared an ambitious submarine-building programme to scale up its undersea warfare capabilities, prime minister narendramodi commissioned india-built ins kalvari into the navy in mumbai on thursday.
;;0.5423;;i will be writing to prime minister narendramodi because it is necessary for me to express concern on behalf of the people with special reference to the northeast, which has a significant christian population, he said on tuesday.
;;-0.7717;;suspected maoists attacked a railway station in odishas rayagada district early on friday, triggered a blast and put up posters protesting against the proposed visit of prime minister narendramodi to the state next month.
;;0.4939;;bjp, on the other hand, is banking upon prime minister narendramodi modis image and has kept state leaders on the back seat.
;;0.0;;the congress asked prime minister narendramodi to uphold the law and the constitution by getting bharti to quit as minister.
;;0.4019;;several such women met up minister for women and family welfare rita bahuguna joshi on tuesday to express their support for bjps stand on abolition of triple talaq, an issue that prime minister narendramodi had flagged ahead of the up polls in october.
;;0.0;;indias economic growth of 7  during october-december has sparked a debate on how output grew so fast at a time when the country was facing its biggest-ever cash crunch after prime minister narendramodi announced on november 8 the demonetisation exercise, which weeded out 86  of the currency notes in circulation.
;;0.5859;;prime minister narendramodi and his team also promoted the united payments interface and bharat interface for money (bhim) app to ease the pain of demonetisation of consumers and traders.
;;0.34;;uttam and milan discuss the role that amit shah, the longtime confidant of prime minister narendramodi and newly inaugurated union home minister, will play in the modi 2.
;;0.5245;;top stories to bring you up to date:pm modi asks europe to take lead role in tackling terrorism, has very good interaction with merkelprime minister narendramodi said on monday he had a very good interaction with german chancellor angela merkel as he met the leader at her country retreat near berlin for informal talks.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee and the cpm, which rules kerala, spoke in a rare voice of unity between the two arch rivals against the narendramodi government.
;;-0.0772;;be cautious, exercise restraint: chinas message after modi northeast visitchina asked india on monday to be cautious and exercise restraint over building infrastructure in arunachal pradesh, days after prime narendramodi launched the countrys longest bridge linking assam with the state claimed by beijing.
;;-0.25;;prime minister narendramodi routinely complains that journalists are biased against him and his party.
;;-0.2944;;gandhi also took a sharp dig at his party colleagues for the electoral drubbing the congress received, saying he had stood completely alone in the fight against prime minister narendramodi and the rashtriya swayamsewak sangh (rss).
;;0.0772;;patna rashtriya janata dal (rjd) president lalu prasad has hit out at prime minister narendramodi for his remark at an election rally in uttar pradesh that there should be no discrimination in supply of electricity during the festivals of eid and diwali.
;;-0.296;;srivastava wrote to president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj, urging them to put pressure on the us authorities to locate his son.
;;-0.7096;;7am: prime minister narendramodi reacts to the manchester blast, says: pained by the attack in manchester.
;;0.3818;;consumption and investment activity were dampened after prime minister narendramodi on november 8 announced the bold decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;0.0;;in an interview to this newspaper, prime minister narendramodi emphasised that this is a high-stakes election, meant to determine the future of the country.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi took time off from his busy campaign schedule ahead of the last two phases of the lok sabha elections to address a wide range of issues in an interview with hindustan times.
;;0.0;;nda constituents adopted a resolution to contest the 2019 lok sabha elections under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , at pravasi bhartiya kendra at new delhi.
;;0.0258;;the setting for prime minister narendramodi modis two-day informal summit with chinese president xi jinping on april 27 and 28 is, aptly, informal: by the scenic east lake in the historic city of wuhan and likely at the late mao zedongs private villa, according to people familiar with the matter.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi will be accompanied by senior officials including national security advisor ajit doval.
;;0.0;;the indian army has opened out to the indian industry to meet its day to day procurements, heading prime minister narendramodi modis make in india drive.
;;0.0;;going cashless is the new mantra of the government, though prime minister narendramodi had initially projected his demonetisation measure  banning higher denomination currency  as a drive against black money.
;;0.1027;;the central board of film certification (cbfc) tuesday cleared the release of the biopic based on prime minister narendramodi with a few modifications, said a person aware of the developments.
;;0.0;;the person said the board had issued the certificate to the film titled pm narendramodi , in the evening, after the examining committee viewed it.
;;0.6684;;none can be forced to chant what narendramodi or bjp want, she said adding that west bengals culture has never been what the saffron party is trying to make it.
;;-0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi addressing rallies at jhargram and tamluk in the state monday said that in bengal people are not allowed to chant jai shri ram and that saying it in public places is regarded as a crime here.
;;0.0;;alleging that prime minister narendramodi was trying to do politics over cyclone fani, banerjee said if you (modi) think you will politicise it (cyclone) you must remember that i too understand politics.
;;0.6757;;finance minister arun jaitley, briefing the media after the cabinet meet chaired by prime minister narendramodi , said an important decision had been taken related to the banking sector, but details could be made public only after the presidents approval of the proposal.
;;0.0;;addressing an election rally in silchar in southern assam, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the mood in the country can be guessed by the crowds in his rallies.
;;0.0;;worldupdated: sep 18, 2019 10:14 istthe situation in kashmir might not be a major topic of discussion during the upcoming informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping in india next month, the chinese foreign ministry said on tuesday.
;;-0.0258;;indiaupdated: aug 16, 2019 16:39 ista day after prime minister narendramodi highlighted the need to tackle the challenge of population explosion in the country, the shiv sena on friday asked if a section of the muslim community will pay heed to his message.
;;-0.0516;;2- narendramodi greets nawaz sharif in astana, enquires about his health: reportprime minister narendramodi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif on thursday exchanged pleasantries at a cultural gala in astana, amid frosty bilateral ties, deadlocked talks and escalation of hostilities along the line of control in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi on monday assured the opposition that their every word will be taken seriously by the government despite the ndas numerical advantage in parliament.
;;-0.8402;;the announcement climaxed a day on which prime minister narendramodi launched a harshly bitter attack against tmc chief and west bengal chief minister mamata banergee on her own turf as the tmc and his bharatiya janata party (bjp) accused each other of orchestrating the violence in kolkata on tuesday.
;;0.9017;;the move was welcomed by the people, especially activists like city based-surgeon dr rk verma, who had over the last couple of years written seven letters to prime minister narendramodi and four to the supreme court calling for an end to the vip culture.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi arrived here today on the last leg of his four-nation tour during which he will hold talks with newly-elected french president emmanuel macron on a host of key issues like terrorism, indias nsg membership bid and climate change.
;;-0.7184;;while criticising prime minister narendramodi in his address at ulgulaan rally in ranchi on march 2 this year, gandhi had wondered why names of all thieves end with modi.
;;0.7783;;while the party may be able to put that down to anti-incumbency  the state usually alternates between the two national parties  they will be banking on prime minister narendramodi modis work for electoral gains this time.
;;0.1027;;the delhi municipal elections and the uttar pradesh assembly polls both showed prime minister narendramodi modis appeal among the urban voters is not diminishing, a senior leader admitted.
;;-0.6908;;his illness forced him to opt out of the government when the second national democratic alliance (nda) government headed by prime minister narendramodi was sworn in on may 30.
;;0.8481;;the senior supreme court lawyer was a key strategist of the bjp and held several important portfolios including finance, defence, commerce and industry, corporate affairs, and law and justice in the governments of prime minister narendramodi and the late atal bihari vajpayee.
;;0.743;;watch: how has narendramodi celebrated his birthday since becoming pmmodiji also worked as the bjps national general secretary and had then sowed the seeds of the partys pan-india growth.
;;-0.4767;;jaitley had opted out of the government citing poor health when the second national democratic alliance (nda) government headed by prime minister narendramodi was sworn in on may 30.
;;0.4019;;however, ups most talked about politician selfie happened on the stage in saifai village when samajwadi party patriarch mulayam singh yadavs son prateek yadav and daughter-in-law aparna yadav took several selfies with prime minister narendramodi at the wedding reception of mulayams grandnephew and lalu yadavs daughter.
;;0.2023;;the us official was in india just before the lok sabha elections during which he met prime minister narendramodi and top indian government officials.
;;0.6486;;karnataka chief minister hd kumaraswamy on saturday said that his father hd deve gowdas ten-month long tenure as the prime minister of india was much better than prime minister narendramodi modis so far as far as the countrys internal security is concerned.
;;-0.296;;prime minister narendramodi has finally held out some hope for the strife-torn valley, which has been through one of its worst phases in recent years.
;;0.0;;the nda government is preparing to fix portion sizes of dishes served by star hotels and restaurants, a fortnight after prime minister narendramodi expressed concern about wastage of food in his monthly mann ki baat radio programme.
;;-0.34;;everyone from prime minister narendramodi to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath has targeted the congress party for being soft on secessionists and terrorists.
;;0.4019;;a video that surfaced on wednesday shows the constable, jeet singh from sahjua thok village in mathura district, asking prime minister narendramodi to resolve the matter at the earliest.
;;0.3818;;the gram in kota will be a step to further the commitment of prime minister narendramodi for doubling the agricultural income of farmers by 2022, he said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had paid obeisance at the shrine on the opening day.
;;-0.1779;;president trump responded with an offer to mediate, falsely claiming, that prime minister narendramodi asked him to, which was swiftly denied by india.
;;-0.25;;adding to their eyeball popping agitation this week, a man dressed as prime minister narendramodi flogged the farmers with a whip.
;;0.8555;;prime minister narendramodi led by comfortable margins in varanasi and varun gandhi and hema malini of the bjp won in pilbhit and mathura respectively.
;;0.8807;;dismissing the congress as a vote cutter party, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said the grand old party has now stooped to maligning his honesty and hard work.
;;0.0;;chinese state-run media highlighted xis meetings with kazakh counterpart nursultan nazarbayev, prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.8126;;as the results became clear, prime minister narendramodi modis tweeted: grateful to the people of delhi for the faith in bjp.
;;0.5106;;they have reposed trust in the policies of prime minister narendramodi , tiwari said.
;;0.2263;;meanwhile, conrad k sangma, the lone npp member in the lok sabha, urged prime minister narendramodi to intervene and direct the environment ministry to de-notify the new rules in the larger interest of the people.
;;-0.3818;;sparks flew in parliament on monday during a fierce debate in the lok sabha on president ram nath kovinds address as the treasury benches slammed critics of prime minister narendramodi for building a false narrative during the lok sabha election campaign and the opposition alleged the government was driven by manipulation.
;;0.0;;the dialogue announced after prime minister narendramodi modis meeting with president trump at the white house in august 2017 was tentatively scheduled for april 1819 this year.
;;0.0;;the dialogue announced after prime minister narendramodi modis meeting with president trump at the white house in august 2017 was tentatively scheduled for april 18-19 this year.
;;-0.3911;;the blame lies at the door of prime minister narendramodi and not poor fellow sampla.
;;0.5423;;national conference vice-president omar abdullah tuesday defended his statement that his party would strive hard for restoring the terms of accession of jammu and kashmir, including the provisions for having a sadr-e-riyasat (president) and wazir-e-azam in the state and asked prime minister narendramodi to go through history how jammu and kashmir became part of india.
;;-0.5267;;omars pitch for wazir-e-azam had angered prime minister narendramodi who dismissed the demand, tweeting that as long as he was alive, no one can divide india.
;;-0.296;;reacting to the raids, dmk president mk stalin accused prime minister narendramodi of being behind these search operations.
;;-0.1891;;in the victory of mb patil you can see that the failure to capture the lingayat votes was not because of the rallies of prime minister narendramodi , as patil could not be defeated in babaleshwar.
;;0.0;;in the run up the polls, both prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi addressed election rallies at the same venue in chaibasa under singhbhum lok sabha seat.
;;0.0;;mehsana is the home district of prime minister narendramodi and gujarats deputy chief minister nitin patel, while mansa is the home district of bjp president amit shah.
;;0.4215;;the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendramodi , had approved the formation of national commission for socially and educationally backward classes (ncsebc), which will be a constitutional body.
;;-0.0516;;imran khan has been accusing prime minister narendramodi of pursuing a hindu supremacist agenda.
;;-0.8074;;prime minister narendramodi had condemned the killing and directed the authorities to bring the culprits to book.
;;0.0;;referring to the prime ministers frequent references to the alliance as mahamilawati, mayawati said, we are not mahamilawati, it is prime minister narendramodi who is mahamilawati.
;;0.4019;;for its initiative, natmo was awarded by prime minister narendramodi in this years indian science congress held at tirupati.
;;0.5719;;the 2017 uk-india year of culture, announced during prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the uk in november 2015, is aimed at celebrating the deep cultural ties and the 70th anniversary of indias independence through a year-long programme of events and exhibitions in india and the uk.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday claimed that congress has accepted its defeat and that the grand old party has already fielded two batsmen to defend the naamdar (rahul gandhi) from the blame.
;;0.0;;bhopal: hailing prime minister narendramodi and his cabinets decision to remove red beacons from all vehicles from may 1 as historic chief minister shivraj singh chouhan announced to follow the pms footsteps immediately here on tuesday.
;;0.0;;at a rally in ghaziabad on february 8, prime minister narendramodi said: goons have been sheltered that is why women feel unsafe in the state.
;;-0.6369;;congress president rahul gandhi took pot shots at prime minister narendramodi on tuesday after a fire broke out at the national capitals shastri bhawan which houses several key ministries.
;;0.34;;i believe that under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi and security agencies intervention, india will ultimately prevail in kashmir, he said at the samvaad conclave organised by india tv.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 26, 2019 23:23 istus president donald trump on monday said prime minister narendramodi feels he has the situation in kashmir under control and that india and pakistan could handle the issue on their own, reiterating new delhis position that the issue is a bilateral one.
;;0.8402;;a win in up will bolster prime minister narendramodi modis chances of winning the second term when the lok sabha elections are held in 2019.
;;0.0;;initial talks have already been held with prime minister narendramodi and other representatives in new delhi and london.
;;0.0;;jaitleys dole outs are in addition to what prime minister narendramodi presented on december 31.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi on monday accused non-bharatiya janata party (bjp) parties of not developing bundelkhand region in uttar pradesh and said all of them were two sides of the same coin.
;;0.3612;;read: up election rallies live: narendramodi , akhilesh yadav, rahul gandhi campaign in statethe prime minister promised to develop the area and said: if we come to power, we will set up a bundelkhand development board.
;;0.296;;educationupdated: sep 06, 2019 15:43 istprime minister narendramodi on friday urged people to watch the final descent of chandrayaan-2 on the moon surface and share their photos on the social media.
;;-0.5994;;in 2011, when narendramodi was chief minister, the state government had imposed a complete ban on slaughtering and transportation of cow and progeny by amending the gujarat animal preservation act, 1954.
;;0.2144;;several factors factors such as bs yeddurappa bringing back lingayat votes, a last minute boost from prime minister narendramodi modis rallies, a not so visible but nevertheless a big anti-incumbency wave against the siddaramaiah government etc.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone for the kedarpuri reconstruction project was laid by prime minister narendramodi in october last year.
;;-0.0516;;we now request prime minister narendramodi to apply balm to the deep wounds of the sikh community by personally intervening to ensure that the guilty of this genocide are not allowed to go scot-free any longer, he said.
;;-0.1027;;he said the union cabinet under prime minister narendramodi modis chairmanship approved the inter-state river water disputes (amendment) bill, 2019, for the adjudication of disputes relating to waters of inter-state rivers and river valleys.
;;-0.3818;;recounting the achievements of the bjp government at the centre in the last five years, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday launched another attack on the congress, its senior leaders and its policies.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will tomorrow inaugurate the five-day annual meeting of the afdb group.
;;0.0772;;recently, a spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs questioned the wisdom of the new york times for criticising prime minister narendramodi modis choice of yogi adityanath as the chief minister of uttar pradesh.
;;0.4939;;riding on the popularity of the demonetisation drive that is believed to have paid electoral dividends in the just concluded assembly elections, the narendramodi government has decided to make anti-corruption initiatives climaxing with note withdrawal one of the key themes of its third anniversary celebrations on may 25.
;;0.0;;despite opposition backlash following prime minister narendramodi modis decision to demonetise rs 1000 and rs 500 currency last november, the government did not budge.
;;-0.8074;;karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah on friday wrote to prime minister narendramodi claiming that the centres ban on sale and purchase of cattle at animal markets for slaughter was unconstitutional and that it would have a far-reaching negative impact on the society and economy.
;;0.7506;;indiaupdated: aug 19, 2019 07:52 istindia and bhutan on sunday agreed to maintain close coordination on matters linked to each others security and national interests, and emphasised on hydro-power as one of the important areas of cooperation as prime minister narendramodi wrapped up his two-day visit to the himalayan nation.
;;0.6808;;exhorting the youth to become job creators, prime minister narendramodi said those with innovative ideas will get all possible help from the government.
;;0.0;;the meeting has been divided into two sessions, slated to be held in the morning and evening, to discuss the implementation of the rs 80,000 crore development package for the state announced by prime minister narendramodi and the continuous unrest in the valley.
;;0.2732;;the grating of ut status is a gift from prime minister narendramodi , home minister amit shah and our forefathers who have strived hard for such status to our future generations.
;;0.0;;congress president rahul gandhi on thursday said that he did not rule out the option of his sister taking on prime minister narendramodi in varanasi in the ongoing lok sabha polls.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi will inaugurate the eighth edition of the vibrant gujarat global summit, a biennial business meet he had launched as the chief minister of the state in 2003, at gandhinagar on tuesday afternoon.
;;0.0258;;indiaupdated: sep 17, 2019 10:58 istwest bengal chief minister mamata banerjee is likely to meet prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on wednesday, people familiar with the matter said, setting political circles abuzz in west bengal.
;;-0.5719;;the crisis facing indian football monday reached the doorsteps of prime minister narendramodi , with six i-league clubs requesting him to set up an enquiry commission and probe the all india football federations functioning.
;;0.3202;;prime minister narendramodi mocked economists and said on wednesday hard work is more powerful than harvard as the latest gdp data shows demonetisation did not affect growth rate and the figures have improved.
;;0.8885;;indiaupdated: sep 20, 2019 23:50 istprime minister narendramodi on friday departed for a week-long visit to the united states with an aim to boost bilateral ties and present india as a vibrant land of opportunities.
;;0.1027;;the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendramodi has approved the amendments in the protection of children from sexual offences (pocso) act, 2012.
;;-0.6597;;the shiv sena on monday criticised prime minister narendramodi for his recent visit to china, which it said had no particular agenda, and questioned him on what was achieved by such a trip.
;;-0.296;;lyricist of the theme song of gorakhpur mahotsav titled nath yogi vimal bawra says he will file a defamation case against bollywood singer kailash kher, who had accused bawra of copying his adi yogi tune and lyrics, sung by kher in a programme attended by prime minister narendramodi in coimbatore in february last year.
;;-0.128;;the election commission has taken cognizance of prime minister narendramodi modis remarks asking first-time voters to dedicate their vote to those who carried out the air strike in balakot, and has sought a report from poll officials in maharashtra.
;;0.4019;;ujjal dosanjh, a liberal party parliamentarian in canada and former premier of british columbia province , has entreated prime minister narendramodi to be the prime minister that india deserves on his new website commentindia.com on wednesday.
;;-0.6115;;it has become more virulent and pervasive under the almost complete and complicit silence of narendramodi and his entire regime.
;;0.0;;names doing the roundsmanoj sinhasinha is the telecom minister in prime minister narendramodi modis government.
;;0.0258;;by targeting national congress party (ncp) chief sharad pawar in his first campaign rally for nda in wardha in vidarbha, prime minister narendramodi on monday indirectly acknowledged the former as the main opponent in the poll battle for maharashtra.
;;-0.2732;;attacking the separatist leaders for giving a strike call tomorrow during the visit of prime minister narendramodi to inaugurate the chenani-nashri tunnel, he said it become a fashion for them to give such calls.
;;-0.3818;;the government had set december 30 deadline for depositing junked bills in banks when prime minister narendramodi on november 8 announced the recall of the two high-value notes that accounted for 86  of the cash in circulation.
;;0.6249;;speaking at a congress party convention in delhi, singh  who is also a noted economist  called prime minister narendramodi modis claims of a robust economy hollow.
;;0.802;;the meeting, which will be chaired by prime minister narendramodi , is an attempt by the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) to reach out to opposition parties for support in the passage of crucial bills, including the triple talaq bill.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and his australian counterpart malcom turnbull on monday took the delhi metro from mandi house station to akshardham station.
;;0.34;;during jayalalithaas funeral, prime minister narendramodi had greeted the aiadmk general secretary, and comforted her, indicating that their relationship may be more cordial than initially thought.
;;-0.0258;;her announcement assumes significance as it could pave way for formation of a larger front to stop the bjp in the 2019 lok sabha elections when prime minister narendramodi seeks a second term.
;;-0.296;;kotkapura is prime minister narendramodi modis next and last stop in the state before it heads for polls on february 4.
;;-0.4215;;in a renewed push to swachh bharat, prime minister narendramodi has said that 4,000 towns will see new litter bins for segregated waste on june 5, the world environment day.
;;0.2263;;5 million tons of raw sugar worth more than $350 million to china, a proposal that officials said was first discussed by prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping during their informal summit at wuhan in april.
;;0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi took a veiled dig at pakistan on saturday, saying it breeds, inspires and encourages terrorism.
;;0.3818;;he said it was clear from the past two to three years of the bjp government at the centre that prime minister narendramodi did what he said.
;;0.3182;;us president donald trump congratulated prime minister narendramodi for his big election victory that put bjp on course to increase its parliamentary majority.
;;0.0;;the central university hogged headlines in january last year after a few dalit students shouted slogans against prime minister narendramodi during its convocation ceremony.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday told a gathering largely of bjp members that his aim of turning india into a $5-trillion economy will transform the lives of each and every family in the country and was therefore an important mission requiring people participation.
;;0.128;;village chaupals, dinner at dalit houses and night halts in villages are part of bjps gram swaraj campaign that was launched by prime minister narendramodi on april 14, dr ambedkars birth anniversary.
;;-0.7906;;prime minister narendramodi modis note ban caught many black money hoarders off guard, who were forced to deposit the unaccounted money in banks and now pay a hefty tax.
;;0.5267;;three years later, even as both prime minister narendramodi and shah strive to ensure a bjp victory in the state, there is another man who is silently doing the invisible organisational work that shah was entrusted with three years ago.
;;-0.7783;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday launched a fresh attack on west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee saying that her model of governance is based on corruption, conspiracy against the poor and appeasement.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi was concerned about the childrens death, said nadda.
;;0.7351;;prime minister narendramodi had praised the state government for launching one district one product (odop) scheme which was supposed to benefit amla farmers by enabling them to get a suitable price and market for their produce.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has also taken a dig at the previous congress-ncp regime, who had completed only one metro line in the city  the metro-1 (versova-andheri-ghatkopar).
;;0.0;;the same week, she came to the aid of her colleague manish tewari, who was speaking during zero hour on us president donald trumps claim that prime minister narendramodi had invited him to mediate on the kashmir issue.
;;0.0;;congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra hit out at prime minister narendramodi at election rallies in up on thursday and held a road show in sultanpur, from where her aunt and union women development minister maneka gandhi is contesting.
;;-0.7233;;earlier in the day in pratapgarh, priyanka gandhi hit out at prime minister narendramodi , describing him as the most cowardly and weak pm she had ever seen.
;;0.2732;;during the two-day informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping in wuhan which concluded on april 28, india and china agreed for the first time to implement a joint economic project in war-torn afghanistan.
;;-0.1531;;no details were available of the new push, but prime minister narendramodi , who will address the general assembly for the third time in all and the first time in his second term, and external affairs minister s jaishankar, who has close ties with counterparts around the world through his long years in the foreign service, have packed agendas.
;;0.6705;;the bisada lynching and the cow vigilantism had attracted nationwide attention and saw bjp on the back foot as the party, including the prime minister narendramodi , had earlier campaigned heavily against bovine slaughter.
;;-0.4588;;only corrupt, communal and casteist people are upset with prime minister narendramodi , union minister m venkaiah naidu said on saturday as he attacked the opportunistic coming together of opposition parties.
;;-0.5267;;the court on monday will also take up congress lawmaker sushmita devs plea alleging that the election commission (ec) has not acted against prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah for violations of election model code of conduct (mcc).
;;-0.6808;;his statement came a day after prime minister narendramodi , addressing the sco summit in bishkek, capital of kyrgyzstan, lashed out at countries sponsoring, aiding and funding terrorism and said that such states must be held accountable, in a veiled reference to pakistan.
;;0.0;;both are visually impaired since birth and have been selected to do yoga along with prime minister narendramodi at ramabai ambedkar rally ground in lucknow on june 21.
;;0.0;;the fact that prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to take part in the yoga drill here is an indicator.
;;0.0;;according to an official from the mantralaya, chief minister devendra fadnavis spoke to prime minister narendramodi on friday morning and requested him for financial assistance.
;;0.7096;;khalistani activist sukhminder singh hansra with opposition conservative party of ontario leader patrick brown, who has, in the past, described prime minister narendramodi as a friend.
;;0.0;;the association submitted a joint memorandum to the prime minister narendramodi and union minister of health and family welfare, requesting that the citizens above 60 across all economic strata to be included in the worlds largest public health insurance scheme.
;;0.0;;the bjp will follow the only agenda given by prime minister narendramodi in this election, and that is sab ka saath sab ka vikas (development for all).
;;0.3612;;whats more, prime minister narendramodi is expected in up at least thrice - in greater noida on september 9, varanasi on september 17 (his birthday) and possibly mathura on september 11 (though the dates are still being finalised).
;;-0.5574;;loose talk, foul language modis habitusing loose talk and foul language is prime minister narendramodi modis habit, which cant change at this age, senior congress leader anand sharma said on thursday.
;;0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi , congress vice president rahul gandhi and samajwadi party (sp) leader akhilesh yadav cleverly used this loophole to send a message to the voters of uttar pradesh, a day ahead of the seventh and final phase of polling in the state.
;;0.0;;the bjp mps comments come a few days after prime minister narendramodi hit out at the sp government in up over its alleged appeasement policy.
;;-0.4767;;the possibility of a meeting with prime minister narendramodi did not materialise, but new delhi recalibrated its approach after the controversy created by punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh who accused sajjan of having pro-khalistan leanings and refused to meet him.
;;0.6908;;subramanian swamy, an outspoken lawmaker in prime minister narendramodi modis ruling party, said rajan was mentally not fully indian and kept interest rates too high.
;;0.4019;;here is a look back at the pms previous speeches:aug 15, 2014: pm narendramodi spoke of cleanliness and the need to build toilets, declared the launching of clean india campaign on october 2.
;;0.7351;;their proudest possession, the man singh trophy, gained recognition after prime minister narendramodi gifted a replica to his then australian counterpart tony abbott.
;;0.8399;;appreciating prime minister narendramodi modis remarks that the rise of india and china offered an unprecedented opportunity for both countries, chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying told a media briefing in beijing that it is very important for both countries to have sound and stable cooperation.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with minister of state for external affairs mj akbar and orf director sunjoy joshi at the raisina dialogue ii in new delhi on tuesday.
;;0.5106;;the february-march elections in up will have some glamor ka tadka and raising the political heat will be popular and controversial bollywood actor rakhi sawant, who wore a controversial dress last year with prime minister narendramodi modis photos all over it.
;;0.6908;;india, the worlds fifth-biggest defence spender last year, is expected to spend $250 billion over the next decade to modernise its armed forces, and prime minister narendramodi wants new deals to involve a share of local production to help the country grow its nascent defence industry.
;;0.7269;;we have even won applauds from prime minister narendramodi himself for raising the issue of triple talaq, she said.
;;0.8271;;party chief kumar had, on friday, spelt out the options open for yadav after his first meeting with prime minister narendramodi in new delhi since new government formation in the state, saying he is free to take a decision, insisting, it was a collective decision of the state unit to take the bjps support.
;;0.6705;;indiaupdated: sep 19, 2019 17:13 istfrom a rally in maharashtra, prime minister narendramodi on thursday reached out to the people of jammu and kashmir with a call to all indians to help rebuild a new kashmir, embrace the people of the state who have suffered for decades and turn the valley into jannat or heaven, again.
;;-0.3818;;96 lakh in malda district since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8 2016 culling 86  of the currency in circulation on november 8 last year.
;;0.5106;;indiaupdated: aug 24, 2019 16:00 istprime minister narendramodi on saturday discussed the full spectrum of the strong india-uae partnership with the crown prince of abu dhabi, sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan.
;;0.0;;, the community event to be addressed by prime minister narendramodi here next month has been sold out with over 50,000 people registering for the programme, the organisers said.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 27, 2019 08:17 isttwo-and-a-half years after prime minister narendramodi laid the foundation stone of the all-india institute of medical sciences (aiims), bathinda, on november 25, 2016, classes for the first batch of around 50 mbss students will start from monday.
;;0.6486;;as the discussion progresses, banshidhar praises prime minister narendramodi and credits him with taking strong decision to give a befitting reply to pakistan through air strike on terror camps at balakot in pakistan.
;;0.0;;in one of the rallies, he took a jibe at prime minister narendramodi modis demonetisation drive where people were standing in long queues outside bank atms. he said the voters in the state election will stand in line to oust the bharatiya janata party(bjp).
;;0.4019;;with the parties revving up their campaign, prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to address a rally in aligarh on february 5.
;;0.8402;;in a press release later, she alleged prime minister narendramodi had adopted a divide and rule strategy to create a rift in the sp-bsp-rld alliance in a bid to save the bjps honour in the next three phases of the lok sabha polls.
;;0.1901;;in his first appearance at a press conference since he came to power in 2014, prime minister narendramodi asserted in opening remarks that the bjp will come back to power with a full majority on its own, but refused to take any questions, citing party discipline.
;;0.5267;;bjps stellar show in uttar pradesh not only leaves the opposition shell shocked, it also strengthens the grip of narendramodi and shah over the party and the country.
;;0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi had sparked a political slugfest in uttar pradesh when, while addressing a rally, he had coined the acronym sarab for the samajwadi party, rashtriya lok dal and bahujan samaj party alliance and had asked people to stay away from it.
;;0.0;;the government, state media and experts perceive a pattern in how india is using the issue of tibet and the dalai lama  the invitation to the leader of the tibetan government in exile to prime minister narendramodi modis inauguration in may 2014, the dalai lamas meeting with president pranab mukherjee in december and now his visit to arunachal pradesh indicates to china that india has hardened its stand on tibet-related issues.
;;0.0;;read | rbi need not print entire amount of extinguished currencythere were 17,165 million pieces of rs 500 notes and 6,858 million pieces of rs 1,000 notes in circulation on november 8, 2016, the day prime minister narendramodi made the demonetisation announcement.
;;0.8225;;i am delighted that spicejet is helping realise prime minister narendramodi modis vision of ensuring that every indian can fly, spicejet chairman and managing director ajay singh said.
;;0.0;;incidentally, the bjp government let the panel act according to all its terms of reference as the mandate was possibly in sync with prime minister narendramodi modis credo: minimum government, maximum governance.
;;0.0;;with hardly 20 days left for the assembly polls, congress is yet to come up with its list of star campaigners even as the bjp has released a heavyweight list of over 40 star campaigners including prime minister narendramodi and partys national president amit shah.
;;0.8074;;the party is targeting neutral voters attracted by prime minister narendramodi , besides beneficiaries of various central schemes.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will kick off bharatiya janata partys nationwide membership drive from varanasi on saturday (july 6).
;;-0.4939;;a day after the bengal administration alleged that prime minister narendramodi bypassed it and called governor keshari nath tripathi to prepare a report on the damage inflicted by cyclone fani, government sources said the claim was not correct.
;;0.25;;much of this perception has been created by pawar and prime minister narendramodi modis affable terms-on public display at several occasions.
;;0.3612;;while they had a honeymoon period with leaders like former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and pramod mahajan in the past, it now had to deal with prime minister narendramodi and amit shah, he said, adding, ncp further soured the deal for them.
;;-0.3818;;gandhi alleged that prime minister narendramodi modis victory does not negate the breath of corruption allegations against him, no amount of money and propaganda can ever hide the light of the truth.
;;-0.7579;;while aiadmk general secretary vk sasikala wrote a letter to prime minister narendramodi , noting that the ban on the bull taming sport had caused resentment in the state, a 27-member delegation led by lok sabha deputy speaker m thambidurai submitted a memorandum to the prime ministers office in this regard.
;;0.296;;prime minister narendramodi and his pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif will be in astana on both days of the summit but chances of a meeting between the two are bleak.
;;0.5267;;with prime minister narendramodi modis intervention, apple is likely to see a relaxation on this, from three to five years.
;;-0.3818;;in a late-night address on november 8, prime minister narendramodi withdrew rs 500 and rs 1000 notes, sucking out roughly 86  of the cash in circulation.
;;-0.5574;;congress vice-president rahul gandhi on thursday equated prime minister narendramodi with bollywoods iconic villain gabbar, taking a jibe at the centres demonetisation move.
;;0.0;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi was expected to address a poll rally in baramati.
;;0.0;;i appeal to people to vote kul and make narendramodi , the prime minister again, said shah.
;;0.4939;;former lok sabha member nana patole, who questioned prime minister narendramodi for his style of functioning, also played a vital role in the victory of nationalist congress partys (ncp) madhukar kukde in the bhandara-gondiya by-elections.
;;0.0;;soon after the polling began, prime minister narendramodi urged voters, specially mentioning first-time voters, to come out in large numbers and exercise their franchise.
;;-0.2732;;last year, i had also apprised prime minister narendramodi in detail of the reasons behind the growing intensity of the devastation caused by floods in the state.
;;-0.1531;;so many election analysts, journalists, and political scientists failed to predict the massive mandate that prime minister narendramodi and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) claimed in the 2019 general election.
;;0.6059;;in his maiden speech at the summit, prime minister narendramodi is likely highlight challenges facing the sco, such as counter-terrorism, but also talk about boosting trade and investment in the region.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi wants to upgrade the countrys military hardware by replenishing its range of artillery weapons after years of delays in ordering new equipment.
;;0.5423;;gehlot had been entrusted with the task of handling party affairs in gujarat, the home state of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah, just before the assembly polls last year.
;;-0.9136;;the leaders, who were joined by scores of congress workers, also demanded the resignation of rbi governor urjit patel for the failure to maintain rbis autonomy and for the problems being faced by people following the note ban announced by prime minister narendramodi on november 8.
;;0.0;;indias 2022 target, set by prime minister narendramodi in 2014, includes 100 gw of solar, 60 gw ground mounted and 40 gw rooftop.
;;0.8237;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 13:55 istthe congress has dismissed prime minister narendramodi modis independence day speech as grandstanding, the party in its response said the countrys economy was in dire-straits and it wasnt possible to reach the ideal of five-trillion-economy in the next five years with the current pace of growth.
;;-0.4215;;3 , the tweet saidin an earlier tweet on thursday, congress had also criticised the implementation of goods and services tax (gst) while referring to prime minister narendramodi lauding one-country, one-tax regime in his independence day speech.
;;0.7717;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday congratulated the defence scientists for successfully testing the interceptor missile and said that it was a proud moment for the entire country.
;;0.6705;;president donald trump does not make up things, a top presidential advisor said on tuesday when asked about a question on his stunning claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, remarks which has been strongly refuted by india.
;;0.0;;mumbaiupdated: sep 11, 2019 03:28 isteven as prime minister narendramodi laid the foundation stone for metro bhavan during his visit to the city last week, 51,655 mumbaiites have objected to its construction at aarey colony in goregaon.
;;0.6652;;over and over, i heard people say they would vote for the sp or the bsp, but that they admired prime minister narendramodi as a leader; or that they would vote for the bjp, but thought highly of chief minister akhilesh yadav.
;;0.0;;this will be a first india visit by any member of president donald trumps cabinet in prime minister narendramodi modis second term.
;;0.7964;;the first rally of prime minister narendramodi , in this assembly election to muster support for ruling shiromani akali dal (sad) - bhartiya janta party (bjp) alliance on january 27 has cost the party rs 28.
;;0.0258;;sending out a clear message to pakistan, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said victory in the kargil war was a symbol of indias might and its security will remain impregnable with dedication of the armed forces.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi will be the first to take oath in the new lok sabha on monday while united progressive alliance (upa) chairperson sonia gandhi might get a special slot to do so over the two-day-long swearing-in ceremony, officials said on sunday.
;;0.7906;;prime minister narendramodi took to twitter on monday to congratulate the nation after the successful launch of chandrayaan-2, indias mission to the moon.
;;0.0;;ahead of up polls prime minister narendramodi had tried to connect with the community by taking up the issue of triple talaq.
;;0.0;;the plant was established here when narendramodi was chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.0;;despite the bjp having a battery of senior local leaders, including former chief ministers bc khanduri, bs koshyari and ramesh pokhriyal, the partys publicity materials are full of prime minister narendramodi modis portraits and his governments announcements.
;;0.0;;us president barack obama spoke with prime minister narendramodi on wednesday as part of farewell calls to world leaders he worked with closely over his years in the white house.
;;0.8225;;bambawales statement comes days after prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping agreed at the informal summit in wuhan in central china to take steps aimed at strengthening communications and building trust between the militaries of india and china.
;;-0.7862;;in a no-holds barred attack not seen so far in this election season, bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on sunday accused prime minister narendramodi of not respecting his mother and wife.
;;-0.6249;;the visit came against the backdrop of unabated violence in jammu and kashmir, which prompted chief minister mehbooba mufti to ask prime minister narendramodi during a meeting on monday to talk to the hurriyat and other stakeholders.
;;0.0;;when nawaz sharif last visited india for the oath-taking ceremony of narendramodi as prime minister in 2014, even then the pakistani prime minister had dropped by to see the jindals in new delhi, the source said.
;;-0.0258;;the omission of first prime minister jawaharlal nehrus name in the speech of prime minister narendramodi in lok sabha on the historic quit india movement attracted criticism from the congress.
;;0.4767;;he regularly attracted attention for issuing fatwas against a number of persons including prime minister narendramodi , bangladeshi writer taslima nasrin and canadian columnist tarek fateh.
;;-0.4939;;president donald trump remarks on monday that prime minister narendramodi sought his mediation on the kashmir issue will damage the indo-us relations, ex-diplomats said.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday wished good health and a long life to congress president rahul gandhi on his birthday.
;;0.4019;;read full story hereprime minister modi to turn 69 tomorrow: a look at his many firstsprime minister narendramodi will turn 69 on tuesday and the bharatiya janata party has kicked off a seva saptah (service week) to mark his birthday celebrations.
;;-0.4215;;indiaupdated: sep 02, 2019 09:02 isthailing the abrogation of article 370, bjp national general secretary ram madhav said it took only 72 hours for prime minister narendramodi to end 72 years of agony in jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.4215;;it took just 72 hours for prime minister narendramodi to end 72 years of agony due to this draconian article 370.
;;-0.4588;;to defeat the modishah partnership, he said, referring to prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;talking about prime minister narendramodi and projects rolled out by the centre, rajnath singh said: during the tenure of former pm manmohan singh, only 25 lakh pradhan mantri houses were constructed between 2008- 2014.
;;-0.0516;;exactly 100 days since prime minister narendramodi went on national television to announce the shock recall of high value currency notes, the crippling effects of demonestisation, which polarised opinion sharply across the country, cash supply at atms across gurgaon remains erratic and scarce.
;;0.3182;;almost every other month, prime minister narendramodi holds a review meeting of the rural development ministry to keep the bureaucracy responsible for catering to around 22 crore people on its toes.
;;-0.1779;;the us president even said that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to do so, the claim was swiftly denied by india.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis visit to rajasthan on january 16 to lay the foundation stone of the proposed rs 43,129 crore barmer refinery project is set to provide the much-needed booster shot to the ruling bjp in the state ahead of the assembly elections due later this year.
;;0.0;;addressing reporters in kolhapur, the maratha strongman also slammed prime minister narendramodi alleging that he had failed to fulfil the promises made during the 2014 poll campaign and was, therefore, diverting peoples attention.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the procurement of a batch of 36 rafale jets after talks with the then french president francois hollande on april 10, 2015, in paris.
;;0.4215;;he also claimed that prime minister narendramodi had fooled the people of patna and urged the masses to support his party candidate.
;;-0.555;;also watch: jaishankar slams chinas trade policies, says india is concernedsticking pointsbut negotiators have repeatedly blown through deadlines, mostly because prime minister narendramodi modis government is worried about exacerbating a trade deficit with china and the rest of asia isnt willing to accept large amounts of indian workers in return for greater market access.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 05, 2019 18:40 ista class 10 boy from noida has been selected by isro to witness the historic chandrayaan2 moon landing at its headquarters in bengaluru in the presence of prime minister narendramodi on september 7.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will address a rally in keralas kozhikode on friday amid a controversy over bjp president amit shahs comparison of wayanad, the second seat where congress president rahul gandhi will contest the lok sabha election, with pakistan.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said cooperation between india and china is essential to maintain peace and stability around the world and offered to host the next informal summit between leaders of the two asian giants.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi with chinese president xi jinping pose for photograph during his visit to hubei provincial museum, in wuhan.
;;0.0;;he said his mps have met prime minister narendramodi and apprised him of the shortcomings of the scheme.
;;0.4019;;weeks after prime minister narendramodi modis informal summit with president xi jinping in the chinese city of wuhan to reset bilateral relations, the two countries are attempting to boost tourism and cultural tieson may 9, tourism minister kj alphons attended a conference on tourism in wuhan for delegates to the shanghai cooperation organization (sco), which also groups china, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, russia, tajikistan, uzbekistan and pakistan.
;;0.4019;;he said that prime minister narendramodi will run away to gujarat once party chief mayawati becomes the states chief minister for the fifth time in this election.
;;0.0;;now the same is going to happen with narendramodi in the 2017 elections, he said.
;;0.0;;bjp spent rs25,000 crore on a political campaign and narendramodi became prime minister.
;;0.0258;;she, however, had largely backed the economic agenda of prime minister narendramodi , barring her objection to the goods and services tax (gst).
;;-0.8442;;the congress on monday hit out at prime minister narendramodi over his remarks that cloud cover could help iaf planes evade pakistani radars during the balakot strikes, saying that while boasting he disrespected war strategy and committed an unforgivable crime.
;;0.5267;;justice pandey had written a letter to prime minister narendramodi on july 1 last raising a question mark on the collegium system of appointment of judges.
;;0.0;;the seeming upswing in india-china ties is likely to continue at the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in the coastal city of qingdao where prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping are slated to meet on saturday.
;;0.6486;;bjp functionaries said party workers were asked to deliver a clear message to the people that their votes were for prime minister narendramodi rather than the local candidates.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi , president pranab mukherjee and vice-president m hamid ansari on monday paid tribute to mahatma gandhi on his 69th death anniversary.
;;0.5859;;driving the make in india agenda to push up factory output and create more jobs, prime minister narendramodi on monday urged the diamond industry in surat to take a lead in making the country as number one in the gems and jewellery sector.
;;0.34;;giving details of the campaign programme, bansal said the bjps star campaigners led by prime minister narendramodi would address a series of election rallies in the state ahead of the general elections.
;;0.0;;jashodaben modi, wife of prime minister narendramodi , on saturday, exhorted community leaders to come forward and impart education to girls to facilitate a holistic development of the society.
;;-0.7845;;prime minister narendramodi on november 8 last year had announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
;;-0.3612;;farmers in maharashtra, another bjp-ruled state, are also agitating over similar demands, mounting pressure on prime minister narendramodi , who has promised to double their income by 2022.
;;0.0;;last year, pichkaris with prime minister narendramodi modis face printed on them were hot-selling items in the market.
;;0.2023;;80, tad down from the historic high of 9,087 touched on tuesday, days after prime minister narendramodi modis landslide victory in uttar pradesh that enhanced chances of more economic reforms.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday met chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit here and discussed ways to further strengthen the bilateral relations.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has said that rulers and governments do not make a nation.
;;-0.296;;the aicc general secretary accused prime minister narendramodi of diverting issues in the name of nationalism.
;;0.0;;the actor-turned-politician, when asked about his past comment lauding prime minister narendramodi , said, i used to call him dashing and dynamicfor his 56-inch chesttoday, rahul gandhi is the face of the nation and future of the nation.
;;0.1027;;he has been critical of the narendramodi government of the centre and the ruling bharatiya janata party, with which he had an association of more than two decades.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi had in march 2015 set a target of lowering import dependence in oil by 10 percentage points to 67  by 2022, when the country will celebrate 75 years of independence.
;;0.7845;;after a gap of 34 years, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) regained control of the shimla municipal corporation and a delegation of newly elected party councillors led by mayor kusum sadret and deputy mayor rakesh kumar went to meet prime minister narendramodi to request him to sanction the world bank-aided rs 720-crore greater shimla water and sewerage circle scheme.
;;0.0;;the proposed roadshow would be held two days after prime minister narendramodi modis mass rally on april 5 in dehradun.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi addressed an election rally on february 16, 2017 in barabanki, 30km from lucknow in uttar pradesh that has seen three phases of voting in a seven-phase poll for the next vidhan sabha (legislative assembly).
;;0.0;;the development comes barely two weeks after jamia vice-chancellor najma akhtar met prime minister narendramodi and discussed the need for a medical college.
;;-0.1779;;the campaign for the polls was a high-decibel one with star campaigners like prime minister narendramodi and congress chief rahul gandhi mounting vitriolic attacks in their respective speeches.
;;0.4019;;it is now six weeks since the bharatiya janata party (bjp), under the leadership of prime minister narendramodi , pulled off a historic victory in the general elections.
;;-0.3182;;that the bjp bounced back from its defeats, including in the heartland states, suggests that the electorate treated narendramodi modis candidature for the prime ministers post differently than that of bjps chief ministers in these states.
;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday called on kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev here and discussed ways to expand bilateral ties.
;;-0.9423;;prime minister narendramodi has said that the pulwama terror attack has proved indias stand that pakistan was in the business of exporting terror to india and that the world was now standing beside india in its fight against terror.
;;0.4215;;priyanka held the road show for party candidate annu tandonspeaking on the occasion, she said prime minister narendramodi had become disconnected from the reality and there was no one to show him the truth.
;;0.4404;;a book compiling prime minister narendramodi modis speeches on good governance during his tenure as gujarats chief minister will be soon distributed among the serving ias officers in rajasthan.
;;0.0;;as cm, narendramodi had taken several initiatives of which chintan shibir was unique, without any precedent in the administrative history of the country.
;;0.0;;but look at the way prime minister narendramodi is working and the bjp president is working.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will review the  11,700-crore chardham all weather road project through high resolution drone cameras on may 23, chief minister trivendra singh rawat said friday.
;;-0.1027;;the supreme court monday asked congress mp sushmita dev to bring on record ecs orders giving clean chit to prime minister narendramodi and bharatiya janata party president amit shah on several complaints of mcc violations over their alleged hate speeches and using armed forces for political propaganda.
;;0.7003;;co/4virztvnng  isro (@isro) september 7, 2019the success in placing the orbiter was a point that has been highlighted by prime minister narendramodi as well, first in his televised address to the isro scientists and later at the inauguration of metro projects in mumbai.
;;0.7184;;giriraj singh, a bjp lok sabha member from nawada constituency in bihar, is known to be a staunch supporter of prime minister narendramodi and a champion of hinduvta politics.
;;0.6486;;the main opposition party moved the ec over several issues, including the alleged repeated politicisation of the armed forces by prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah in their election rallies despite the poll panels clear guidelines on the issue.
;;0.0;;dragging the armed forces in political crossfire, asking for votes and doing cheap politics, only narendramodi and amit shah have done this, he said.
;;0.802;;rahul had erroneously said even on thursday that supreme court has admitted to the fact that narendramodi siphoned off ~30,000 crore to his friend anil ambani.
;;0.0;;the countries are also continuing with preparations for the second informal summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping, expected to be held during october 11-12.
;;0.0;;the 135km long eastern peripheral expressway to be inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on sunday will reduce the movement of commercial traffic by 35 per cent in delhi as an estimated 52,000 vehicles will be able to bypass delhi everyday.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi , uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav, congress vice-president rahul gandhi and bsp supremo mayawati will be in varanasi on saturday for campaigning in the last phase of up assembly elections.
;;-0.0966;;in another tweet, he said: indians, sikhs in us are not feeling safe and asked prime minister narendramodi to take up their security with the us president donald trump.
;;0.4404;;barring ties with two neighbours, the maldives and pakistan, four years of nda governments foreign policy has avoided needless ideological positioning; managed to successfully de-hyphenate ties with countries ideologically opposed to each other; and increased indias heft and influence, at least some of which can be attributed to prime minister narendramodi modis personalised style of diplomacy.
;;0.0;;the main event in india, to be led by prime minister narendramodi , will be held in ranchis prabhat tara ground.
;;0.0;;india cricket team head coach ravi shastri lauded the partnership of prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah for sweeping the lok sabha polls for the second time in a row.
;;0.4404;;she congratulated prime minister narendramodi and thanked the people on the bjps big victory in the lok sabha polls.
;;0.926;;also read: thanks a lot bhajji paa - gambhir replies to harbhajans congratulatory messagehome minister rajnath singh termed the win historic and credited it to prime minister narendramodi modis astute leadership and party chief amit shahs dynamism.
;;0.3182;;they hold prime minister narendramodi responsible.
;;0.8885;;prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping on saturday agreed on steps aimed at strengthening communications and building trust between the militaries of india and china, a move aimed at effectively managing differences on the border and averting a doklam-like stand-off.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi met the presidents of indonesia and brazil separately on the sidelines of the g-20 summit here saturday, and discussed ways to boost bilateral ties and enhance cooperation in trade and investment.
;;0.0258;;ashok lavasa, the election commissioner who disagreed with the poll panels decisions to clear prime minister narendramodi and bharatiya janata party president amit shah of charges of violating the so-called model code of conduct (mcc)  which regulates candidate, party and government behaviour during the elections  has, since may 4 recused himself from all meetings to discuss mcc issues.
;;-0.34;;while the students resorted to firing inside the school on wednesday forenoon, prime minister narendramodi , in his election rally on wednesday, had raised concerns over the law and order situation in up and said that nearly 40,000 cases under the arms act were pending in the state.
;;-0.5106;;when you are sick, you need khichdi, says senior congress leader shashi tharoor in response to prime minister narendramodi and other bjp leaders repeated khichdi government barb at the opposition.
;;0.4118;;we sought permission from prime minister narendramodi to allow us into kashmir for boosting the morale of jawans and helping them take on stone-pelters, but did not get it.
;;0.571;;it will not be easy for prime minister narendramodi , who won a second term in office with a thumping majority, to revive a slowing economy.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday called the siddaramaiah-led state government a seedha rupaiya sarkar, saying nothing moved in the state without paying commission.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, prime minister narendramodi held a productive trilateral meeting with us president donald trump and japanese premier shinzo abe, and extensively discussed issues of the indo-pacific region, connectivity and infrastructure development ahead of the formal opening of the g-20 summit.
;;-0.1779;;three-week deadline rajasthan, maharashtra, gujarat, jharkhand, uttar pradesh and karnataka were initially asked in october to reply to a petition seeking curbs on cow-protection vigilantesand were initially asked in october to reply to a petition seeking curbs on cow-protection vigilantes on friday, the petitioner stressed on the need for the courts to reply, and cited the killing of a muslim man in alwar last week to particularly seek a response from rajasthanthe plea sought to declare as unconstitutional certain animal protection laws in gujarat, maharashtra and karnataka that protects such vigilantescow vigilante groups became active after the bjp-led government under prime minister narendramodi took over at the centre.
;;-0.5574;;that they lost their seats, that their ministers lost elections or that they are left only in ppp -- puducherry, punjab and parivar, amit shah says referring to the abbreviation first used by prime minister narendramodi during a rally in karnataka.
;;0.3818;;wayanad mp rahul gandhi tuesday wrote to prime minister narendramodi , suggesting that many lives can be saved if early warning systems are installed to alert people living in the ecologically sensitive hill district.
;;0.0258;;it was an embarrassing moment for office bearers of the bjp when lights at the party office on ashoka road went off as soon as prime minister narendramodi entered the premises on thursday.
;;-0.7351;;businessupdated: aug 30, 2019 10:36 istindias path to economic recovery faces another obstacle, with prime minister narendramodi asking the state road builder to stop constructing highways after its debt ballooned almost seven-fold over the past five years.
;;0.128;;united states president donald trumps daughter and adviser ivanka trump got trolled by pundits last week for calling india a critical ally in a video commentary on her fathers meeting with prime minister narendramodi at the osaka g-20.
;;-0.8807;;parliament cleared 10 bills while 15 new bills were introduced amid frequent standoffs between the government and the opposition over issues such as prime minister narendramodi modis remarks against his predecessor manmohan singh, caste violence in maharashtra and the terror attack in pulwama.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is likely to inaugurate the bridge once the date is finalised.
;;0.0;;the congress vice-president is addressing this rally the same day as prime minister narendramodi spoke at a rally in jalandhar.
;;0.0;;speaking to media persons, singh said: prime minister narendramodi has provided these set-top boxes to the border residents with an aim to disseminate authentic information at the places where connectivity remains a major issue.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , for the second time in as many weeks, has pulled up ministers and members of parliament of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) for skipping house proceedings.
;;-0.6187;;rahul gandhi on tuesday hit back at prime minister narendramodi , accusing him of mocking the tragedy of uttarakhand earthquake and insulting the freedom struggle, but not answering oppositions questions on demonetisation.
;;0.4019;;indiaupdated: sep 17, 2019 08:05 istprime minister narendramodi turns 69 on tuesday and the bharatiya janata party has kicked off a seva saptah (service week) to mark his birthday celebrations.
;;0.0;;in october 2001, then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee appointed narendramodi as the chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.5423;;last week, newly appointed nagaland governor rn ravi, who was earlier the governments interlocutor for the naga peace talks, said that prime minister narendramodi had given three months to find a resolution to the long-pending issue.
;;0.8225;;2 6:19 pm ist campaign saw pm modi, rahul gandhi among others claiming to be on course to win peoples mandate the campaign saw the principal opponents, prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhi, among others, crisscrossing the country and claiming to be on course to win peoples mandate.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi on monday said the mission mahamilavat of the opposition is keen to form a khichdi government at the centre, the strings of which will remain in the hands of the congress.
;;0.3182;;the central information commission has directed delhi university to allow inspection of records related to all the students who had passed ba degree in 1978, the year in which, according to the university, prime minister narendramodi had also cleared the examination.
;;0.4019;;the issue of 1978 du degree records cropped up after aam aadmi party raised questions about the degree of prime minister narendramodi , triggering a controversy.
;;0.0;;we have checked our records and it has been authenticated that prime minister narendramodi modis degree is authentic.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had laid the foundation stone for the epe, being implemented by the nhai, in november 2015.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi launched the swachh bharat campaign last year with an aim to drive cities towards becoming clean.
;;0.0;;under prime minister narendramodi , the bjp has formed governments in haryana, maharashtra and in the northeast.
;;-0.7964;;last year, during the independence day speech, prime minister narendramodi made a remark of alleged human rights violation by pakistan in balochistan, which started a war of words from both sides.
;;0.3612;;on february 8, prime minister narendramodi in his election rally had targeted gda for alleged land scams and said that if bjp wins the elections, he would ensure a cag audit of all development authorities, including gda.
;;0.0;;mann ki baat is also the title of prime minister narendramodi modis monthly radio address to the nation.
;;0.4404;;concerns over economic growth has been increasing after prime minister narendramodi unleashed the bold move to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes from november 9, followed by tardy implementation and increasing hardship of cash-starved indians.
;;0.0;;appointments committee of the cabinet (acc), headed by prime minister narendramodi , appointed rajkiran rai g, executive director of oriental bank of commerce, as md and ceo of union bank of india for a period of three years.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi wants students to utilise their summer vacations by taking up a special internship in the flagship cleanliness campaign, swachh bharat.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was noticeably even-handed in his january 17 address at the raisina dialogue.
;;0.0772;;a rashtrapati bhawan communique said that the resignation of parrikar as the defence minister, on advice of prime minister narendramodi , has been accepted with immediate effect.
;;-0.7269;;enumerating the gains of total liquor ban in bihar, imposed a year ago, kumar called upon prime minister narendramodi to enforce a complete liquor ban across the country.
;;0.5994;;terming prime minister narendramodi modis speech in the lok sabha as arrogant, the congress on tuesday said he lost a good opportunity to present his vision and what he and his party stood for.
;;0.0;;the union minister informed the gathering that prime minister narendramodi will dedicate to the nation the 135-km long eastern peripheral expressway in august this year.
;;0.5423;;in a surprise move prime minister narendramodi , on november 8, 2016, scrapped high value banknotes of rs 500 and rs 1000.
;;-0.802;;devmuni singh yadav, father of three boys and a resident of chhulkar village under sanjhauli block of rohtas district, in a letter to prime minister narendramodi and chief minister nitish kumar, had requested the government to arrange for treatment of his children who suffer from a rare muscular disorder, otherwise allow for euthanasia.
;;0.0;;the nda government decided to continue with it after nilekani made a presentation in this regard before prime minister narendramodi in august 2014.
;;-0.5994;;in 2011, when narendramodi was chief minister, the state government had imposed a complete ban on slaughtering and transportation of cow and progeny by amending the gujarat animal preservation act, 1954.
;;0.0;;however, what he does not realise is that the political discourse in the state has changed ever since narendramodi became prime minister.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday admonished party lawmakers who had been skipping parliament sittings or its debates, delivering a clear message that the party was keeping a close watch on their attendance in parliament and its many panels.
;;0.7184;;there is no clarity on who prime minister narendramodi favours, although sources said his partys ideological mentor, the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), has sought to back either party veteran murli manohar joshi or foreign minister sushma swaraj for the job.
;;-0.802;;prime minister narendramodi condemned the blast in kabul and underlined the need for defeating forces supporting terrorism.
;;0.2023;;hailing spirituality as indias strength, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday lamented that some people tend to link it to religion and asserted that the two are very different.
;;-0.4767;;the war of words between the congress and the bjp over prime minister narendramodi equating selling pakodas with employment opportunities offered by the government has taken a strange turn in the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc).
;;0.3612;;speaking at the closing ceremony of the sesquicentennial celebrations of allahabad high court, prime minister narendramodi on sunday emphasised the importance of using information and communication technologies (icts) such as video conferencing to streamline the judicial process.
;;0.4019;;an entire river of garbage has been quietly descending onto the banks of the mula river in aundh, which is at the heart of prime minister narendramodi modis smart city initiative in pune.
;;-0.5499;;we had signed mous with the companies for not making headlines but to end poverty, unemployment and check migration from the state, das said, adding, the state is ready to achieve prime minister narendramodi modis make in india dream through make in jharkhand.
;;-0.7003;;addressing a press conference here during the day, dongwimsai demanded that prime minister narendramodi and union minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju initiate a cbi inquiry into her husbands death.
;;-0.2732;;while the cpi-m alleged that it was part of her strategy to bargain with prime minister narendramodi , the bjp said she would backtrack when muslims take out muharram processions with weapons.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , former afghanistan president hamid karzai, former chief ministers thakur ram lal, virbhadra singh, prem kumar dhumal, andincumbent cm jai ram thakur have been patrons of the place.
;;0.128;;congress president rahul gandhi and party general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra on sunday slammed prime minister narendramodi modis remark the previous day terming rajiv gandhi, their late father and a former pm, as corrupt no.
;;-0.5106;;he said despite his repeated requests, including the letters he wrote to prime minister narendramodi on the issue, the centre has failed to respond so far.
;;0.4215;;read: teens in bengal villages up in arms against child traffickerson march 9, she had the opportunity to meet prime minister narendramodi at his residence.
;;0.4215;;besides prime minster narendramodi and his cabinet colleagues, a bevy of cine and tv stars, including hema malini, sunny deol, jackie shroff and smiriti irani would be campaigning, he told ht.
;;0.3182;;when he and prime minister narendramodi met at the g-20 summit in june in osaka, the us leader was open to launching a process to find a solution.
;;-0.2144;;the narendramodi government could have nipped the trade dispute with the us in 2018, but instead allowed it to snowball into what it is today.
;;-0.296;;in the wake of demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi and his government have been under pressure to do more to curb black money.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had returned to power for second term, and how.
;;0.1779;;rahul gandhi, at a press conference on thursday evening, conceded defeat, took full responsibility, said he respected the verdict of the electorate, congratulated narendramodi and the bjp, and asked congress workers to keep up their morale.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi has set a target to raise the share of natural gas in the countrys overall energy mix to 15  by 2030 from the current 6.
;;0.743;;in the run up to the 2014 lok sabha elections, the bharatiya janata party was hunting for a huge open area for their prime ministerial candidate narendramodi , who was drawing huge crowds.
;;0.4215;;pakistan is yet to take concrete action on indias concerns and create an atmosphere free of terrorism, which is necessary to facilitate any possible engagement between the two sides, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi , at his election rallies, described this as ease of doing murder.
;;0.0;;but lodhi, a farmer who belongs to the lodh community, still vouches for prime minister narendramodi and says the five- month-old congress government in the state has done little to waive his mounting farm loans.
;;0.0;;the main event will be held in ranchi, jharkhand, where prime minister narendramodi will remain present.
;;0.2732;;so far, there is no evidence of a bandwagon effect with prime minister narendramodi , along with china and the group of seven governments all publicly renewing their commitment to the paris agreement and fighting climate change as a whole.
;;0.7579;;students successful in up board examinations, the results of which were declared on saturday, found a special mention in the speeches of prime minister narendramodi and congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra during their rallies in uttar pradesh on saturday.
;;0.0;;yeddyurappa said he will meet vala to stake claim after consulting prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah.
;;0.0;;according to him, all of them are below 70 and below the age cap of 75 set by prime minister narendramodi for getting the ministers post.
;;0.1779;;considered holy by many hindus, cows are a sensitive political topic and have gained in importance since prime minister narendramodi stormed to power in 2014 as several bjp-ruled states enacted strict laws to punish cow slaughter.
;;0.0;;we respect the verdict at national level and urge prime minister narendramodi not to indulge in hate politics.
;;0.9136;;this grand victory is a triumph of peoples confidence in prime minister narendramodi modis development work and strong leadership.
;;0.5106;;in a fresh attack on the congress, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said that the party and its allies are contesting the lok sabha elections to give free hand to the terrorists and separatists.
;;-0.0772;;3) pm modi greets yogi adityanath; says sole mission, motive is ups developmentas the yogi adityanath-led government took over in uttar pradesh on sunday, prime minister narendramodi said the sole mission and motive is development of the state, in an apparent bid to allay apprehensions over the hardline hindutva mascot becoming the chief minister.
;;0.4404;;soon after he got a congress ticket, singhs father, in a public statement, said, i have faith in prime minister narendramodi modis public welfare schemes and am inspired with the way the pm is working for the poor.
;;0.4939;;khan wishes for prime minister narendramodi to take the initiative to popularise the indian rabab.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken at the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea) chaired by prime minister narendramodi here.
;;0.6808;;prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah do interact with journalists but are known to have strong likes and dislikes.
;;0.25;;the vvip flight carrying prime minister narendramodi to the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in kyrgyzstan on june 13 wont fly through pakistani airspace despite permission for overflight granted by islamabad, people familiar with developments said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;gen (retd) mcmaster will meet prime minister narendramodi , foreign minister sushma swaraj and foreign secretary s jaishankar in addition to his counterpart ajit doval in what will be his first visit to south asia since he took over in february.
;;0.5106;;i am a strong believer in what prime minister narendramodi is doing.
;;0.0;;before narendramodi modis rise in delhi during the run up to the lok sabha election, the bjp used to deploy several such star figures for election campaign.
;;0.4939;;she had on a couple of occasions praised prime minister narendramodi and had also been meeting chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 14, 2019 12:18 istheadgear, shawls, portraits, silverware and swords are among the 2772 gifts received by prime minister narendramodi that will going under the hammer in an e-auction from today.
;;0.0;;statue of sardar vallabhbhai patel, which pm narendramodi received from bjp anand district, gujarat.
;;0.3818;;south korean president moon jae-in will hold meetings with prime minister narendramodi in the capital on july 10 this year, as the north asian economic powerhouse seeks to tap opportunities in developing rail, road and port infrastructure in india.
;;-0.3291;;singhs successor prime minister narendramodi got an informal and intimate dinner on his first visit to the white house in 2015, and a working lunch in 2016, but no state dinner.
;;0.0;;twitter diplomacy, obama returns to india, chews gumprime minister narendramodi with barack obama in new delhi in 2015.
;;0.4019;;the bjp has, at the highest levels including prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah, consistently said that the system of reservations will not be diluted.
;;0.128;;soon after the launch of the beti bachao beti padhao campaign by prime minister narendramodi in 2015, the state government launched a multi-pronged drive to check the skewed sex ratio and found that apart from qualified radiologists and doctors, there was a nexus in the state comprising quacks, untrained health workers, laboratory or x-ray technicians or operation theatre assistants.
;;0.4767;;odisha chief minister naveen patnaik reached delhi on sunday amid speculations that prime minister narendramodi might offer the post of deputy speaker in the lok sabha to his party biju janata dal (bjd).
;;0.0129;;earlier in the week, jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti, who met prime minister narendramodi , said he was amenable to talks with all stakeholders to restore peace in the region but that no dialogue was possible in the face of bullets and stones.
;;0.2144;;for its part, the congress is trying to unite the opposition parties not only for the presidential elections but also to take on prime minister narendramodi and the bjp in the 2019 lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;in late april, prime minister narendramodi announced that india had become 100  electrified  a village is technically electrified if 10  of its households have power connections  but according to his governments own data, 31 million households in india remain without electricity.
;;0.4215;;indiaupdated: aug 27, 2019 17:28 istprime minister narendramodi drove down to former union minister arun jaitleys house on tuesday morning to pay tributes to the bjp stalwart who had been his friend for decades.
;;0.4019;;the bond became closer in the late nineties when jaitley first became a rajya sabha member from gujarat where narendramodi had been active.
;;0.0258;;a decade later, jaitley was among the first in the bjp who backed narendramodi as the bjps presumptive prime minister for the 2014 national elections.
;;0.4019;;he was reportedly the in-charge of prime minister narendramodi modis clean india programme in sarojini nagar locality.
;;-0.9403;;india stood with the united kingdom in the fight against terrorism, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday, hours after an attack near britains parliament in london killed five people and injured 40.
;;-0.8519;;@theresa_may @number10gov  narendramodi (@narendramodi) march 23, 2017prime minister theresa may condemned the attack as sick and depraved.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and chief minister adityanath had said the decision would be taken at the first meeting of the state cabinet.
;;-0.7964;;a day after prime minister narendramodi accused the late rajiv gandhi of misusing ins viraat as his personal taxi during a vacation to lakshadweep and hosting foreigners on board in 1987, the then skipper of the aircraft carrier on thursday contradicted the claim stressing that the former pm embarked the vessel in his official capacity and there were no foreign nationals aboard.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on monday urged people to break the voting record of the previous three rounds as polling in 72 seats across the country started in the fourth phase of the lok sabha election.
;;0.5994;;hindi has got a new champion in the narendramodi government  environment minister anil madhav dave.
;;0.5859;;besides prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh and foreign affairs minister sushma swaraj are prominent among senior bjp leaders known for promoting hindi.
;;-0.34;;these elections will prove to be a trial by fire for narendramodi who has completed half his term.
;;-0.2732;;a remark by senior congress leader sam pitroda over the 1984 anti-sikh riots was completely out of line, party president rahul gandhi said on friday as the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) and prime minister narendramodi tore into the opposition party for what they said was an attempt to trivialise the violence.
;;0.0772;;the organisers have also submitted a memorandum addressed to prime minister narendramodi and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje to rein in cow vigilantes and ensure justice for pehlu khan, azmat khan and other accused in the crime.
;;0.1531;;district mahila congress chief kamlesh saini said prime minister narendramodi has failed to fulfill his promise of solving the problem within 50 days.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi campaigned across the state with gusto, holding back-to-back roadshows and addressing scores of rallies to push the bjp back to power after more than a decade.
;;0.6369;;pm narendramodi responded by eulogising the donkey and saying he works like one for the nationmafia family walks barefoot to meet mayafamily members of gangster-turned-politician mukhtar ansari stood barefoot beside mayawati when they joined the bahujan samaj party on january 26.
;;0.0;;he spoke to aurangzeb naqshbandi about the national and assembly elections in andhra pradesh on april 11, prime minister narendramodi and congress president rahul gandhis minimum income scheme.
;;0.1901;;but chandra and his neighbour satvir singh, also a beneficiary, all dislike prime minister narendramodi for scrapping two high-value currency notes last november.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday termed mamata banerjee a speed breaker in the way of west bengals development.
;;-0.5994;;china on monday defended its military helicopters hovering over chamoli district of uttarkhand, saying it has a territorial dispute in the eastern section of the frontier with india even as welcomed prime minister narendramodi modis remarks that not a single bullet has been fired in four decades despite the border row.
;;0.0;;she was felicitated by prime minister narendramodi here.
;;0.4019;;bilateral cooperation on economic, defence, science and technology, and nuclear fronts, parleys on eu-india free trade agreement, and fight against terror top prime minister narendramodi modis agenda during his four-nation tour of europe from monday.
;;0.4019;;the trinamool complained about bjp candidates allegedly breaking the model code of conduct and about the saffron party indulging in horse trading, after prime minister narendramodi said 40 lawmakers of the regional party were in touch with him.
;;0.1027;;on july 22, he had met prime minister narendramodi and defence minister rajnath singh.
;;-0.4588;;indiaupdated: sep 23, 2019 20:19 istthe congress party has reminded prime minister narendramodi he was not the star campaigner in the us as it accused him of violating indias foreign policy and interfering in another countrys election.
;;0.0;;in the same context he recalled a meeting a rahul gandhi-led delegation had with prime minister narendramodi on farmers issues before elections.
;;0.25;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 13:36 istprime minister narendramodi on saturday launched a slew of metro projects in maharashtras mumbai and launched a metro coach built indigenously under the make in india programme, in a visit that comes ahead of the assembly elections scheduled in october.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 19, 2019 16:33 istprime minister narendramodi on thursday targeted ncp chief sharad pawar over his remarks on pakistan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi took to twitter to condole the incident.
;;-0.5994;;the sena also once again took potshots at prime minister narendramodi over reports of an assassination plot against him.
;;-0.7579;;the revelation came as prime minister narendramodi held a brainstorming session with his key foreign policy advisers even as the terrorists -- allegedly based out of bahawalpur in pakistan -- exchanged gun fire with security forces, over 36 hours after the operation began.
;;0.0;;the narendramodi government was all for dialogue with the nawaz sharif government but rescheduling the talks was necessary to give time to islamabad to take action against azhars troopers, the sources said.
;;-0.7579;;they attribute the possibility of the disaster prone chardham transforming into a safe destination to the magic of modern technologies being leveraged to implement the 11, 700 project announced by prime minister narendramodi last year, four years after cataclysmic floods hit the chardham in 2013 leaving thousands dead.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi visited canada in april 2015 during which india inked a multi-million-dollar deal for uranium to power its civilian nuclear programme for five years and also inked 13 agreements, including on skill development, following talks with then canadian prime minister stephen harper.
;;-0.3818;;to a question on whether priyanka gandhi will contest the general elections from varanasi, from where prime minister narendramodi is seeking re-election, bharti said, it is a democracy, anybody can fight election from anywhere.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday announced that a street in delhi has been named after russias former ambassador to india alexander kadakin, a friend of india, who passed away recently.
;;0.25;;mokama mla anant singh is set to do a road show for singh with an eye on over one lakh bhumihar voters in the constituency, while congress leader shatrughan sinha, ljp leader chirag paswan and rjd leaders have already held meetings in the area, says vijay kumar, a teacher, adding vaishali issues have taken a back seat in the buzz created around prime minister narendramodi both by the nda and the opposition.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said that trinamool goons destroyed the statue of ishwar chandra vidyasagar in kolkata during bjp chief amit shahs rally.
;;-0.0516;;in november, prime minister narendramodi scrapped 500- and 1,000-rupee banknotes, or 86  of the value of cash in circulation, as part of a crackdown on corruption, tax evasion and militant financing.
;;-0.7096;;the former finance minister also criticised prime minister narendramodi over the words he chose to attack his predecessor manmohan singh, saying he should remember that the chair he sat on was used by pandit jawaharlal nehru and even atal bihari vajpayee and hence he should use right language.
;;0.0772;;the congress on thursday said it would explore all options, including a grand alliance, to defeat prime minister narendramodi and pose a formidable challenge to the bjp in the 2019 lok sabha election.
;;-0.7184;;only a fool will say that prime minister narendramodi can be defeated single-handedly, he said.
;;-0.6705;;the congress on thursday demanded a public apology from prime minister narendramodi for misleading the nation by distorting, twisting and falsifying rahul gandhis speech in manipur on tuesday.
;;-0.7469;;it was billed as one of the highlights of prime minister narendramodi modis recent visit to the united kingdom, but both london and new delhi had reasons to postpone the signing of a memorandum of understanding (mou) on the return of illegal indians in the country.
;;0.0;;in the last one and half years, prime minister narendramodi has travelled to different countries and since then the face of our country has changed, said madhav.
;;0.0;;the two companies used the photograph of prime minister narendramodi in full-page print advertisements contravening the prior permission stipulated under law, he said.
;;-0.0772;;nationalist congress party (ncp) chief sharad pawar said prime minister narendramodi was resorting to personally attacking opposition leaders, including me, as he is unable to talk about his contribution in the past five years of his government.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi also expressed a similar sentiment during his meeting with mehbooba in new delhi on april 24.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday continued his spate of attack on the congress alleging that the principal opposition party is speaking the language that pakistan speaks.
;;0.6908;;trinamool congress supremo mamata banerjee wednesday came out in support of dmk leader kanimozhi, whose residence was searched by central agencies and said prime minister narendramodi is trying to threaten parties opposed to him.
;;0.0;;just because dmk and its leader m k stalin are opposed to narendramodi and bjp, they (dmk leaders) are being unneccessarily harrassed, banerjee said at a rally here.
;;0.0;;a high-powered panel headed by prime minister narendramodi is set to meet on monday to shortlist police officers for the post of the full-time director of the central bureau of investigation.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/jimgtaykge  ani (@ani) june 10, 2019the health ministers tweet appeared to confirm the buzz that prime minister narendramodi , who had opted to induct a retired career diplomat s jaishankar as foreign minister, could appoint her as a governor.
;;0.0;;the source further said a large number of chief ministers are attending the meeting because prime minister narendramodi had refused to allow their official representatives to participate in the deliberations.
;;0.6461;;after the culmination of polls on sunday, several exit polls on television channels have projected the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) to retain power at the centre with most pollsters giving prime minister narendramodi a clear majority again in the 543-member lok sabha.
;;-0.6369;;after quitting the bjp just before the first phase of the gujarat assembly polls on december 9, patole criticised prime minister narendramodi and the party leadership over agrarian crisis in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;article 370 revoked i analysis i how modi, shah and doval orchestrated moveon july 5, the research and analysis wings new chief samant goel called on prime minister narendramodi at the pmo.
;;0.6249;;gehlot has a huge task at hand to revive the partys fortunes in the home state of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah given that the congress is struggling to come back to power in he state for the past 22 years.
;;0.2023;;congress president rahul gandhi congratulated prime minister narendramodi and his bharatiya janata party (bjp)-led national democratic alliance (nda) for their victory in the lok sabha polls as he conceded defeat, saying he accepted the peoples mandate.
;;0.5423;;first of all, i want to congratulate narendramodi and the bjp.
;;0.8047;;there are two different views but we have to admit that narendramodi and the bjp have won, he said.
;;0.4215;;political analysts stated that it is a much sober and mature response from the pugnacious chief minister who had been targeting prime minister narendramodi so far.
;;0.7579;;one may see a speeding up of cbi cases, but all depends on narendramodi who would like mamata banerjee on his side in different issues like teesta water treaty, said sibaji pratim basu, political analyst.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi urged muslims on saturday to keep the debate over triple talaq away from politics, saying that he hoped efforts to reform the controversial islamic practice will come from the community.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday replied in the rajya sabha to the discussion on the motion of thanks to president ram nath kovind for his address to the joint sitting of parliament.
;;0.0772;;groups like nagaland tribes council and central nagaland tribes council have written to prime minister narendramodi in the past weeks with the request to defer the polls.
;;0.2023;;white house says trump looking forward to meeting modi; h-1b visa, terrorism, trade likely on the agendathe maiden meeting between us president donald trump and prime minister narendramodi would set forth a vision to expand the us-india partnership in an ambitious way, the white house said on monday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is bjp candidate from varanasi parliamentary seat where voting will be held on may 19.
;;-0.7783;;prime minister narendramodi expressed his sadness at mehtas death.
;;0.128;;smart city and amrut are big-ticket urban renewal projects launched by prime minister narendramodi in june 2015 with the objective of transforming the urban infrastructure burdened with ever-growing population across the country.
;;0.7096;;before deciding to contest as an independent, singh had sought a ticket from the bharatiya janata party (bjp) as he was inspired by prime minister narendramodi , who called himself the armys senapati (commander).
;;-0.7783;;the robust tax collection comes amid the demonetisation drive initiated after prime minister narendramodi on november 8 announced scrapping of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes to fight the menace of black money, corruption and terror funding.
;;0.6597;;he slammed the bjps leadership of prime minister narendramodi and party chief amit shah saying earlier there was lokshahi (democracy) and now there is tanashahi (dictatorship) in the party.
;;0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi , home minister rajnath singh, chief minister nitish kumar, ljp leader ram vilas paswan and deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi have campaigned for the aurangabad bjp nominee and enthused the party workers.
;;0.4767;;several bharatiya janata party leaders have visited jaitley at aiims, including prime minister narendramodi and defence minister rajnath singh.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 11, 2019 17:02 istmuslim women in varanasi have sent rakhis to prime minister narendramodi who is also the mp from this lok sabha constituency.
;;-0.4019;;in the case of bhandara-gondia, sitting mp nana patole quit the bjp after alleging that prime minister narendramodi was not paying any attention to the problems of the farmers in the region.
;;0.3612;;sensing the sentiments of the people in the sikh-dominated punjab with regard to a series of desecrations of guru granth sahib since 2015, prime minister narendramodi assured to get the crimes probed by the cbi.
;;0.0;;the union cabinet is expected to take up the code on wages bill at its meeting chaired by prime minister narendramodi on wednesday for its introduction in the ongoing session of parliament.
;;0.0;;16am: prime minister narendramodi arrives at e ahamed s residence.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will address the nation on wednesday.
;;0.0516;;indiaupdated: sep 18, 2019 18:40 istat her first meeting with prime minister narendramodi in two years, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on wednesday invited pm modi to inaugurate the worlds second largest coal block in west bengal and asked him fast-track approval to the states request to change its name to bangla.
;;0.0;;this, after all, is the bread and butter of a secular nation and none other than prime minister narendramodi must lead the charge.
;;0.0;;do you think the duryodhan comment against prime minister narendramodi was too much?
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi on monday accused west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee of playing politics over the cyclone fani issue.
;;-0.6124;;all of that means former central bank officials and a key political ally of prime minister narendramodi have spent the past weeks criticizing the debt sale plan.
;;0.0;;, after prime minister narendramodi highlighted the issue in his independence day speech.
;;-0.3818;;on november 8 last year, prime minister narendramodi weeded out 86  of the currency in circulation, triggering a major cash crunch across the country.
;;0.7579;;indiaupdated: aug 28, 2019 12:58 istsharing its pictures, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday urged people to visit the sardar sarovar dam in gujarat and hoped that those visiting the super structure will also go to the statue of unity.
;;-0.5267;;even after seat-sharing talks started, the sena criticised prime minister narendramodi modis move on demonetisation, saying it was like a nuclear attack that has turned the country into hiroshima and nagasaki.
;;0.0;;in varanasi, which is also prime minister narendramodi modis constituency, 55,455 connections have been given out of 67,553 applications received so far and is expected to achieve the target within a year.
;;0.6808;;the entry of india and pakistan into the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) will bolster its strength, chinese president xi jinping said on sunday as he welcomed prime minister narendramodi and pakistan president mamnoon hussain to the eight-member grouping.
;;0.0;;from left: indian prime minister narendramodi , kyrgyz president sooronbai jeenbekov, tajikistan president imomali rakhmon, russian president vladimir putin, chinese president xi jinping, kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev, uzbekistan's president shavkat mirziyoyev and pakistani president mamnoon hussain pose for a photo prior to their talks at the shanghai cooperation organization summit in qingdao in eastern china's shandong province on sunday.
;;0.5719;;odisha chief minister naveen patnaik met prime minister narendramodi on tuesday and pitched for odisha to be granted special category status in the aftermath of cyclone fani.
;;-0.875;;prime minister narendramodi and turkish president tayyip erdogan used a joint appearance on monday to condemn terrorism, with the visiting leader seeking indias help to contain the network he accused of orchestrating last years failed coup.
;;-0.3412;;prime minister narendramodi thinks he couldnt have picked a better time to demonetise the economy.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi said last month that the government was looking at such a law to improve affordability of medicines in the country of 1.
;;0.2263;;the report minority rights violations in india by alliance for justice and accountability was prepared by the alliance, which represents several indian-american groups, mainly those who had led a campaign against prime minister narendramodi when he was the chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.0;;the narendramodi government kicked off on friday its nationwide celebration to mark three years in power, a mega show comprising hundreds of leaders with an eye on the next general elections.
;;0.8271;;but our government always trusted the people: pm modiin the last three years, we have given foremost priority to trusting the citizens: pm narendramodi in guwahati,assam pic.
;;0.0;;the obc commission has been passed: pm narendramodi in guwahati pic.
;;0.9509;;kumar uttam (@meetuttam) may 26, 20173:56pm: i want to assure people of india that the kashmir situation will soon be brought under control, says amit shah3:53pm: modi govt has met peoples aspirations, says amit shah3:51pm: ease of doing business improved, fdi inflow grew, says amit shah3:50pm: india has grown as an economic leader, says shah3:48pm: bjp president amit shah speaks to media on 3 years of modi govt2:37pm: ne of northeast would mean new economy, new energy, new empowerment, new engine, says pm modi2:32pm: pm narendramodi launches sampada yojana- scheme for agro marine processing and development of agro processing clusters2:29pm: in new india, we have to move towards ever green revolution, says pm modi2:27pm: if northeast starts working in this (organic farming) direction, india can become one of the biggest centres of organic farming, says pm modi2:26pm: in northeast, the likelihood of organic farming is very high: pm2:24pm: we laid emphasis on pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana, says pm modi2:19pm: we cant bring change in the country through tokenism, says pm modi at his dhemaji rally2:17pm: our dream is to double farmers income by 2022, the year when india completes 75 years of independence: pm modi2:15pm: we want to bring modernisation in agriculture, says pm modi2:12pm: pm narendramodi is addressing another rally in assams dhemaji12:19pm: pm renames dhola sadiya bridge as bhupen hazarika bridge12:18pm: within the first year of bjp rule in assam, the state is getting rid of many of its problems, says pm modi12:14pm: the bridge will save time, says pm12:12pm: the bridge will be a link in the development of two states- arunachal pradesh and assam: pm12:10pm: prime minister miodi says the bridge will bring an economic revolution12:08pm: this bridge will open new avenues for the farmers, says pm modi in assam12:04pm: it is a proud moment for the country that indias longest bridge has been constructed in assam, says pm modi12:00pm: pm modi is addressing a rally in dhola, assam11:50am: congress leader kamal nath said bjp spending rs 2000 cr on celebration,3 years of modi govt can be summed up as bhashan aur aashwaasan, yeh hai mera shaasanfuturistic infrastructure that will power india's growth.
;;0.0;;10:10am: pm modi arrives in dibrugarh to inaugurate dhola-sadiya bridge and other projects (ani photo)9:00 am: prime minister narendramodi said these years have seen concrete steps that have transformed the lives of the people.
;;0.0;;co/8smeezyfds  narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 26, 2017what do you feel about the govt?
;;0.0;;co/tyuxnnjfif  narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 26, 2017he also invited the public to participate in a survey on his narendramodi app about the performance of his government.
;;-0.7227;;the former minister in a jibe at prime minister narendramodi said, prime minister narendramodi talks of conserving environment, but his actions are of destruction.
;;-0.5267;;the congress took a swipe at prime minister narendramodi on friday, asking why he did not raise the issues of kulbhushan jadhav and ceasefire violations by pakistan along the line of control when he met nawaz sharif at astana.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi exchanged greetings with his pakistani counterpart in the leaders lounge at a reception at astana opera in the kazakh capital organised to welcome leaders participating in the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit.
;;0.0;;besides prime minister narendramodi , the spg guards seven other people -- former pm manmohan singh, his wife gursharan kaur, ex-pm atal bihari vajpayee, his foster-daughter namita bhattacharya, congress president sonia gandhi and her two children rahul and priyanka.
;;-0.3818;;expressing concern over the situation arising due to cyclone fani, which is expected to intensify into a severe cyclonic storm by this noon, prime minister narendramodi said he had spoken to officials to take preventive measure and provide assistance.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted asking people to follow the real-time information by government agencies.
;;0.0;;gearing up for the mission, announced by prime minister narendramodi , the isro has set up a human space flight centre to facilitate the manned voyage involving a three-member crew.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi had launched the bhim app on december 31st and since government data shows that the app has seen at least 17.
;;0.8658;;other-sportsupdated: aug 28, 2019 09:49 istprime minister narendramodi on wednesday congratulated the indian para badminton team for a remarkable performance at the bwf world championship, saying their performance is motivating.
;;0.0;;varanasi is prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency.
;;0.7783;;however, the reality is that if trump were to land in india any time, prime minister narendramodi would certainly be at the tarmac to greet the president with a trademark hug, even if thats only to keep that eggshell ego from shattering.
;;0.0;;for weeks ahead of that, the only two people in government who knew of this were prime minister narendramodi and shah; word went out to other stakeholders only on friday evening, another person who was involved in the exercise said.
;;-0.0258;;in his address, shah accused the former congress governments in centre as well as in the northeast of not doing enough for development of the region and listed initiatives taken since 2014, when prime minister narendramodi assumed office in new delhi.
;;0.0;;read more: how yadav singh used clout to build plush club in noidas sector 27in an election rally in ghaziabad earlier, prime minister narendramodi had said he will order a cag audit of all development authorities in the state to check alleged corrupt practices.
;;0.0;;a zeliang aide informed that the chief minister would meet prime minister narendramodi and union home minister rajnath singh in the national capital.
;;0.0;;we need to verify the action pakistan has taken on the basis of the statement they made on wednesday, sources said after a meeting between prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister sushma swaraj.
;;0.5423;;in the last week of may, social media was abuzz with a fitness challenge that prime minister narendramodi accepted from virat kohli, indias cricket captain.
;;0.0;;educationupdated: aug 18, 2019 16:36 istbjp mp and artiste hans raj hans on saturday said that jawaharlal nehru university (jnu) should be renamed after prime minister narendramodi as mnu.
;;0.0;;i would say we should rename jnu after prime minister narendramodi as mnu.
;;0.0;;shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray will attend the national democratic alliance (nda) meeting called by prime minister narendramodi ahead of the presidential elections in july this year.
;;-0.6124;;on november 8, when prime minister narendramodi announced the scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 old notes, he had said the move was to suck out counterfeit currency making its way into the country from across the border, which was largely responsible for funding terror.
;;-0.5719;;his tough talk came after prime minister narendramodi and he paid last respects here to three of the four soldiers, including a major, who were killed in two separate encounters in kashmir on tuesday.
;;0.2732;;among those who greeted karunanidhi on his birthday, were prime minister narendramodi , congress president rahul gandhi, west bengal chief minister mamta bannerjee.
;;0.0;;adityanath lauded prime minister narendramodi modis leadership and said india is establishing its own place in the world.
;;0.4019;;doesnt prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah form the high command in bjp?
;;0.0;;besides the briefings for diplomats in new delhi, the raising of kashmir at the unhrc is believed to have figured in discussions when prime minister narendramodi and external affairs minister s jaishankar recently visited countries such as bahrain, bangladesh, hungary and nepal.
;;0.1531;;kcrs plan to invite prime minister narendramodi came unstuck since he could not get a one-on-one meeting with him.
;;0.2263;;indiaupdated: sep 20, 2019 00:38 istindia on thursday said it could consider approaching the international civil aviation organization (icao) over pakistans refusal to allow prime minister narendramodi modis us flight to use its airspace.
;;-0.2263;;gandhi last week asked prime minister narendramodi to quell apprehensions about kashmir.
;;-0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi launched the aspirational district programme (adp) on january 5 last year to rapidly transform underdeveloped districts lagging behind the rest of india on key parameters such as health, nutrition, education, financial inclusion, and basic infrastructure.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi being welcomed by swami ramdev and balkrishan at the inauguration of the patanjali research institute in haridwar, uttarakhand.
;;0.6249;;indiaupdated: sep 13, 2019 14:30 istprime minister narendramodi on thursday launched a pension plan targeted at farmers, traders, shopkeepers and the self-employed, offering an old-age safety net to people dependent for a livelihood on such largely unorganised sectors, as the centre eyes upcoming assembly elections in jharkhand.
;;0.0;;in july 2015, foreign secretaries of india and pakistan exchanged letters after a meeting between prime ministers narendramodi and nawaz sharif in ufa, russia.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and various bjp leaders have called for an end to the practice of husbands seeking divorce by uttering the word talaq thrice, terming the ritual anti-woman.
;;-0.891;;surjewala said , this fight is against injustice and the havoc wreaked on the national economy and the common man of india by prime minister narendramodi and his policies.
;;-0.4019;;i personally believe nobody should find fault with mohan bhagwats name being considered as a choice for the presidentship of our country, sharief said in a letter addressed to prime minister narendramodi on wednesday.
;;-0.9118;;-india-india prime minister narendramodi also condemned the terror attack in stockholm, saying india stood firmly with the people of sweden in this hour of grief.
;;-0.4019;;in a poll rally on monday, prime minister narendramodi had said that congress is scared to field its leaders from constituencies where majority dominates in terms of voter-base, in a reference to wayanad which which has a sizeable muslim population.
;;0.25;;the choice of orange has sparked debates back home with some opposition politicians accusing prime minister narendramodi modis right-wing hindu nationalist party of pushing its trademark saffron hue on the team.
;;-0.4767;;the move comes amid apprehension that black money hoarders may have resorted to virtual currencies and bitcoins to launder their cash prime minister narendramodi initiated the demonetisation drive on november 8.
;;-0.5423;;three heavy weights of prime minister narendramodi modis cabinet are now part of the reconstituted group of ministers on sexual harassment at work place.
;;0.2732;;as prime minister narendramodi modis schedulers are looking ahead to a potential september meeting with trump, they could well be stumped at the interlocutors to invest in because of this tempest.
;;0.6249;;returning officer (ro) of east delhi parliamentary constituency k mahesh had issued a show cause notice to the dmrc tuesday for playing the video on its pink line (majlis park to shiv vihar) showing various events related to the metros inauguration featuring dignitaries from three political parties including prime minister narendramodi , delhi cm arvind kejriwal and former chief minister sheila diskhit, who are contesting the general elections.
;;-0.5994;;the controversy over prime minister narendramodi modis degree refuses to die down.
;;0.0;;the trend of the sixth phase will follow in the seventh which has 13 constituencies including varanasi, where prime minister narendramodi is in the fray.
;;-0.2869;;read: up election: akhilesh, not rahul, has struck a chord with ups votersresponding to prime minister narendramodi modis criticism that akhilesh had gone and allied with a party (congress) that had plotted to eliminate his father and sp patriarch mulayam singh yadav in 1984, the up chief minister said modi need not have gone that far back in history to provoke him.
;;0.0;;dehraun/haridwar: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday performed puja at the kedarnath shrine for the first time after he assumed office in 2014.
;;-0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi modis administration has asked global warship makers to submit proposals to build six conventional submarines in india to boost local shipyard capability and plug gaps in the navys underwater warfare fleet.
;;0.0;;prior to november 8, the day on which demonetisation was announced by prime minister narendramodi , there were negligible digital payments.
;;0.101;;prime minister narendramodi has taken a dig at economists critical of his demonetisation move, saying hard work is more powerful than harvard.
;;0.0;;rm: prime minister narendramodi modis election in 2014 was a massive victory in terms of seats, not in terms of votes.
;;-0.7003;;worldupdated: aug 31, 2019 11:47 istpakistan railway minister sheikh rashid ahmed suffered an electric shock on friday while speaking against prime minister narendramodi at a rally during the kashmir hour.
;;0.7351;;a couple of days after celebrating his third year in power, prime minister narendramodi on sunday welcomed constructive criticism of his governments performance because such an action strengthens democracy.
;;0.5859;;with national cyber security coordinator in the prime ministers office dr gulshan rai bound for tel aviv this week, india and israel are all set to institutionalise cyber security cooperation in the run-up to prime minister narendramodi modis maiden visit to jerusalem in july.
;;0.3182;;though the supreme court had asked the government to do it quickly but prime minister narendramodi made it a roadshow and chief minister yogi too joined it, akhilesh said.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi liked 16-year-old gayatri singhs explosive appeal for her right to live in a clean environment so much that he included the girls audio clip in the 30th edition of his mann ki baat monthly radio address on sunday.
;;0.9468;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday extended greetings to people of various communities as they celebrate harvest festivals, and said diversity is indias greatest strength.
;;0.1779;;read | economy to revive from demonetisation setback by june, says govtprime minister narendramodi is not only a social radical but somewhat of an economic radical also.
;;-0.1027;;baloch dissidents, many of them living in self-exile in europe, were enthused when prime minister narendramodi raised the issue of rights violations in balochistan last year.
;;-0.4404;;a national-level netball player has approached prime minister narendramodi and up chief minister yogi adityanath seeking a ban on triple talaq, joining the growing chorus against the social practice among muslims.
;;0.0;;the officials said the ccs headed by prime minister narendramodi will take the final decision now that both the countries have completed negotiations to close the deal.
;;0.4404;;while this was bad enough, pakistan has been truly shocked and dismayed at the united arab emirates and bahrain conferring their highest civilian awards on prime minister narendramodi at a time when it is reviling him and the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) in the strongest terms.
;;-0.3182;;glitches in electronic voting machines (evms) and voter-verified paper audit trail (vvpat) machines caused a delay in the voting process in many polling booths across the country on monday, even as prime minister narendramodi slammed the opposition for casting aspersions on their efficacy.
;;0.0;;at the nukkad sabha, he hits out at prime minister narendramodi and the bjp.
;;-0.6486;;maurya, whose comments come a day after prime minister narendramodi accused the sp-congress combine of chanting gayatri prajapati mantra, also said that bjp would get the tainted prajapati arrested after results of the polls are declared.
;;-0.296;;the senior up ministers passport was impounded on saturday and a look-out notice was issued against him, hours after prime minister narendramodi accused sp-congress of chanting gayatri prajapati mantra.
;;0.7579;;aiadmk general secretary vk sasikala on wednesday thanked president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendramodi and tamil nadu governor ch vidyasagar rao for their support in bringing an ordinance to allow bull-taming sport jallikattu.
;;0.34;;09:09am ist modi asks bjp mps to embark on padayatra on gandhi birth anniversary prime minister narendramodi has instructed bjp mps to embark on padayatra in their constituencies and cover a distance of 150 km between october 2 and october 31, the birth anniversaries of mahatma gandhi and vallabhbhai patel respectively, parliamentary affairs minister prahlad joshi said on tuesday.
;;0.5106;;as prime minister, may has often mentioned india as a free trade partner, and had initial talks with indian representatives during her visit to new delhi in november, when prime minister narendramodi again raised the issue of mobility for students and professionals.
;;0.5106;;prime minster narendramodi on saturday asked the youth of india to tweet and sensitise the opposition about the importance of allowing parliament to function as many important bills necessary to take the country forward were pending.
;;-0.0005;;the conservative party uses images and video footage of prime minister narendramodi in campaign literature targeted at the indian community, which is not always appreciated in the community.
;;0.0;;a song by him starts off by hailing prime minister narendramodi for revoking article 370 and then goes on to mention a man who wants to purchase a small chunk of land in kashmir and set up a juice parlour there.
;;-0.1531;;the countrys most populous state is also the personal electoral battleground for prime minister narendramodi as well as congress president rahul gandhi and upa chairperson sonia gandhi.
;;0.0644;;the battered sp may have emerged as a challenger, but the bjp led by prime minister narendramodi , amit shah and adityanath is not the bjp of 1993 when mulayam managed to checkmate it.
;;0.0;;the achievement came to light from a tweet by union human resource and development (hrd) minister, prakash javadekar to prime minister narendramodi , informing him about the discovery on february 1.
;;-0.25;;prime minister narendramodi has already accepted the gurdwara bodys invitation for the event which will be held in sultanpur lodhi on november 12, sad president sukhbir singh badal had said in july.
;;-0.7717;;worldupdated: sep 24, 2019 00:38 ista day after prime minister narendramodi targeted pakistan in his presence for backing terror against india, us president donald trump on monday deflected a direct question on pakistan-based terror and again offered to mediate on the kashmir issue if both countries wanted him to.
;;0.5267;;days after the opposition sought a motion for his removal, chief justice of india dipak misra will come face to face with some of those leaders on may 2 at a meeting led by prime minister narendramodi for planning celebrations on mahatma gandhis 150th birth anniversary.
;;-0.34;;indiaupdated: sep 20, 2019 00:02 istbharatiya janata party mp swapan dasgupta has written to prime minister narendramodi to reconsider the invitation by the west bengal government to inaugurate the deucha panchami coal block in the birbhum district, since there are no studies on the likely social and environmental consequences of the project.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday hit out at the opposition parties, attempting to present a united front against the bjp-led ruling coalition, pointing out to prime ministerial ambition of rival leaders.
;;0.1027;;the uttarakhand unit of bjp has demanded more representation from the state in the union cabinet amid speculation that prime minister narendramodi may soon expand his council of ministers ahead of the 2019 general election.
;;0.4019;;a letter is being sent to ceo of bse ashish chauhan to consider signing of the mou and also help in setting up a facilitation centre at the two-day uttar pradesh investors summit that prime minister narendramodi is likely to inaugurate on february 21.
;;0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi and party president amit shah led the bjp campaign; the party has projected b s yeddyuruppa as its chief ministerial face.
;;-0.3818;;vaghelas vanishing act has fuelled rumours that the former chief minister, once a close associate of prime minister narendramodi , is upset with the congress leadership for refusing to name him the chief ministerial candidate and may ditch the party for greener pastures.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 24, 2019 01:22 istsenior congress leaders jairam ramesh, abhishek manu singhvi and shashi tharoor have all said that demonising prime minister narendramodi could be counterproductive.
;;0.128;;launched on november 2 by prime minister narendramodi , the 59-minute loan portalwhich lets businesses apply for instant loans without having to visit bankshas led to 1.
;;-0.4939;;indiaupdated: sep 20, 2019 16:28 istprime minister narendramodi on friday lauded finance minister nirmala sitharamans step to cut corporate tax as historic calling it a win-win for 130 crore indiansthe step to cut corporate tax is historic.
;;-0.5267;;tata motors said the invalidation of high-value banknotes by prime minister narendramodi on 8 november hurt its domestic commercial vehicles business, a cash cow, with sales of trucks and buses declining 9 .
;;0.3412;;thackeray also chose not to criticise prime minister narendramodi over the latters remarks on the ram temple issue on thursday.
;;-0.296;;the only other indian at the informal summit of prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping  it has already been announced that they will meet in private, without aides and written notes, and with no set agenda or pre-negotiated statements  will be r madhu sudan, first secretary (political) at the indian embassy in beijing.
;;0.0;;moreover, prime minister narendramodi represents the state in the lok sabha.
;;0.6597;;read | mohammad kaif wishes narendramodi on bjps up win.
;;0.2732;;the government and prime minister narendramodi have come out strongly against the practice and called it anti-women.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi modis stated vision of housing for all is likely to get a push in the union budget on wednesday as the government looks to tap the real estate sector to boost a flagging economy.
;;0.7351;;read | rahuls hit-and-run politics wont work, says sm krishna after joining bjpkrishna was effusive in his praise of prime minister narendramodi whose demonetisation drive he described as a bold tool to curb black money.
;;0.4019;;she also sought the help of prime minister narendramodi and adityanath in the now-viral video.
;;0.6808;;he lauded prime minister narendramodi saying that for the first time india has got a good pm and added that the country needed a pm devoted to the cause of hindutva.
;;-0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi on monday conducted an aerial survey of puri and khurdha districts of odisha to see for himself the scale of devastation caused by cyclone fani, which made landfall in the state on may 3.
;;-0.2023;;is it your patriotism mr narendramodi that people who have empty stomachs are being made to perform yoga?
;;0.3612;;trump also said that when he met prime minister narendramodi recently in osaka on the sidelines of the g-20 summit, the latter had asked him if he would like to mediate on kashmir.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi likely to visit the us in september for the un general assembly meetingtrump and khan were to hold delegation-level meetings after the opening remarks, during which afghanistan and counter-terrorism would be the chief topics of discussion.
;;0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi kept hopes alive for early signing of the teesta pact after a 90-minute meeting with his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina, who is on a four-day visit to india, her first since the bjp government came to power.
;;0.6124;;on the khadi calendars and diaries row, owaisi said though prime minister narendramodi claims to be a follower of mahatma gandhi but when he got a chance he replaced the father of the nation on the symbols as he deemed it to be a fit time to hold the charkhathe hyderabad mp also hit out at the pm over the foreign policy, saying before getting elected to the post modi had said he would give a befitting reply to pakistan but such a response was still to come even after the martyrdom of 28 jawans following the surgical strike.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi held a road show and so did sp national president akhilesh yadav and congress vice-president rahul gandhi jointly.
;;0.6597;;prime minister narendramodi and several top bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders hailed late pm narasimha rao (of the congress) on the latters birth anniversary on friday, signalling the beginning of an attempt to appropriate the legacy of a man responsible for ushering in economic reforms and who was also ignored by the congress in his later years.
;;0.0;;businessupdated: aug 21, 2019 18:54 istthe country will need to grow by 9 per cent every year for five years continuously and raise aggregate investment rate to 38 per cent of gdp to achieve prime minister narendramodi modis target of turning india into a usd 5 trillion economy, ey has said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is calling for make in india, but such incidents are a stain on our image.
;;0.875;;bharatiya janata party (bjp) chief amit shah held a series of public meetings in uttar pradesh where he pitched party as one of nationalists under whom the nation was secure and praised prime minister narendramodi while describing former prime minister manmohan singh as mauni baba (the silent one).
;;0.0;;addressing public meetings, both rahul and priyanka had targeted prime minister narendramodi for not bringing about development to the region.
;;0.0;;the induction followed jd (u)s decision against joining prime minister narendramodi modis new government after it was offered just one berth in his council of ministers.
;;0.296;;he added kumar declined the bjps offer to join the narendramodi government.
;;-0.3814;;hitting back at rahul gandhi following his attack on prime minister narendramodi over demonetisation, bjp on wednesday said the congress leader was voicing his own and not the poors pain, and accused him of being a spokesperson for those with black money.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and prabhu chawla.
;;0.0;;this picture of award-winning editor and tv anchor prabhu chawla with prime minister narendramodi had us do a double take.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi at the partys national executive meeting in odisha on sunday took serious exceptions to party leaders shooting off their mouths, saying they needed lessons on how to keep their lips sealed.
;;0.4404;;bsp chief mayawati saturday alleged that prime minister narendramodi included his caste in the backward category during his tenure as gujarat chief minister to derive electoral profit.
;;0.0;;bjp targeted obrien for alleged morphing a picture of prime minister narendramodi and showing it in a press conference before the bengal assembly elections last year.
;;0.0;;8:45pm: prime minister narendramodi congratulates e palaniswami on becoming the tamil nadu chief minister.
;;0.0;;in his election speech in ghaziabad on february 8, prime minister narendramodi had also targeted gda and said that there was some zameeno ka ghotala (land scams).
;;0.6124;;prime minister narendramodi modis meeting with para-olympic athletes encouraged disabled people like me.
;;0.25;;equity futures and currency forwards climbed on monday after exit polls signalled prime minister narendramodi modis ruling coalition is poised to retain power.
;;0.5719;;also read: track the karnataka election results on our live blog and interactive maps that provide real-time data and analysis1) modi-shahs big southern testif the bjp wins karnataka, it will be its first big victory in a major southern state under the leadership of narendramodi and amit shah.
;;0.4939;;the bjp on the other hand has banked on the appeal of prime minister narendramodi and a consolidation of hindu votes across the board.
;;0.4927;;in a strategic shift, indias most influential government think-tank, headed by prime minister narendramodi , unveiled a policy blueprint last month aimed at electrifying all vehicles in the country by 2032.
;;0.2023;;read | ipl 2018: bowling constant, batting the x-factor as kkr face srh challengenews of kohlis injury also comes a day after he posted a video working out in the gym, asking prime minister narendramodi and others to join in the fitness challenge initiated by sports minister, rvs rathore.
;;-0.9393;;rejecting the congress chiefs charge that there was fear in the country under prime minister narendramodi , bjp spokesperson sambit patra invoked 1984 anti-sikh riots and the emergency imposed by indira gandhi and said that fear prevailed in those times, not now.
;;-0.5574;;four suspected militants attacked a policeman in jammu on saturday night, and two escaped with his ak-47 rifle, days ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to nearby chenani, exposing chinks in the security in the city.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is scheduled to visit chenani, around 100km from here, on april 2 to inaugurate asias longest bi-directional road tunnel between chenani and nashri on the jammu-srinagar national highway.
;;0.8442;;the yogi also won the confidence of prime minister narendramodi by organising massive rallies during campaigns for the 2014 lok sabha elections as well as the recently concluded assembly polls.
;;0.8807;;but as this (prime minister narendramodi modi-led) government is steering india on growth track and acting to clear industrial nightmares about gst, india has become a growth machine.
;;-0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday condemned the murder of a bjp leader in anantnag district of jammu and kashmir .
;;0.25;;congress president rahul gandhi sounded confident of victory in the karnataka elections on wednesday and kept up his tirade against prime minister narendramodi , accusing him of promoting corruption and depriving bengaluru of jobs.
;;0.6486;;singh said the decision had been communicated to mehbooba who, in a twitter post, said she wholeheartedly welcomed the ceasefire and thanked prime minister narendramodi and singh.
;;-0.4588;;congress general secretary priyanka gandhi on monday attacked prime minister narendramodi for being anti-tribal and suppressing their rights.
;;0.3818;;a promotion for sriramulu is in line with the strategy of prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah to promote leaders from outside the dominant community of a state.
;;0.0;;a day after akhilesh yadavs kaam ki baat jibe at him, prime minister narendramodi hit back on monday, saying the uttar pradesh chief minister could not see the work done by the centre as he is blinded by absolute power.
;;0.0;;there have been a series of meetings between indian officials and trump administration officials and cabinet members since the new president took office  including phone calls between prime minister narendramodi and trump.
;;0.0;;however, this time, prime minister narendramodi will get to choose the countrys leader.
;;-0.6534;;responding to another question, joshi said while the indian government led by prime minister narendramodi has done quite well, but it has completely neglected the education and health sectors.
;;0.6705;;after completing his apprenticeship, he (akhilesh) should say that now i am well qualified and people may consider giving me a chance (for the post of cm), singh told reporters in varanasi, prime minister narendramodi modis parliamentary constituency.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi conveyed indias concerns over h1-b visas to visiting congressmen last week.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had flagged off the subsidised air service from shimla airport in 2017 to give impetus to regional connectivity.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/hfkloicu59  star world (@starworldindia) march 5, 2017sharing a piece of suggestion for fans, kapil said dont drink and drive, and dont drink and tweet, when karan subtly hinted at kapils midnight tweets once, in which he had questioned prime minister narendramodi about achhe din and later apologised.
;;0.0;;without an invitation, you can attend a marriage, but you cannot meet him or talk to him on the issue, congress lok sabha leader mallikarjun kharge said, referring to prime minister narendramodi modis visit to pakistan on the day of marriage of nawaz sharifs daughter.
;;0.4019;;after weeks of heated political activity, prime minister narendramodi has led the bharatiya janata party to an unprecedented victory.
;;-0.0;;in his last public address before the february 21 civic polls, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray targeted prime minister narendramodi and chief minister devendra fadnavis, saying the government was behaving like in a state of emergency, and it has been steadily losing support.
;;0.0;;calling prime minister narendramodi a tiger, cm fadnavis said those who roar inside their home cannot be called a tiger.
;;-0.128;;fadnavis said in reality, narendramodi who conducted a surgical strike in pakistan is a tiger.
;;0.0;;the deal was signed at the brics (brazil, russia, india, china, south africa) summit in goa in the presence of prime minister narendramodi and russian president vladimir putin.
;;-0.7096;;a water harvesting mechanism could have been the key to sustenance and prosperity of gujarats vadnagar when cities were abandoned because of harsh climate across the country between the 4-5th century ad and 10th century ad, archaeological survey of india (asi)s excavations have found in prime minister narendramodi modis home town.
;;0.3818;;speaking on the occasion, matinee idol rajinikanth eulogised prime minister narendramodi and home minister amit shah, equating the duo to lord krishna and arjuna for the centres bold move on kashmir.
;;0.7351;;prime minister narendramodi had on monday presented the national bravery awards to 25 children, four of them posthumously, from different parts of the country.
;;0.5267;;an indication to his ascension in the party hierarchy came from the choice of posters inside the venue  one on the dais showing prime minister narendramodi , party president amit shah, former pm atal behari vajpayee and senior leader lk advani and another on the opposite side of the hall showing adityanath surrounded by leaders at his swearing in ceremony.
;;0.0;;after prime minister narendramodi , he is the most sought-after bjp leader in the campaigning for the delhi municipal polls.
;;0.3818;;on april 8, prime minister narendramodi announced a new concessional line of credit of $4.
;;0.7351;;it is learnt that the nepalese authorities and wapcos had also prepared dprs.during his poll rally in pithoragarh, prime minister narendramodi had promised speedy progress in pancheshwar dam construction.
;;0.3612;;chairman of the parliaments audit watchdog public accounts committee (pac)  which is reviewing demonetisation  on monday said that prime minister narendramodi can be called before the panel if all members agree.
;;0.8555;;prime minister narendramodi conducted a special puja at the kedarnath temple in uttarakhand on wednesday morning in his first visit to the revered shrine since winning the general elections three years ago.
;;0.4215;;twitter.com/vdhczdrwic  narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 3, 2017soon after, the pm exchanged greetings with the main priest.
;;-0.8979;;taking on prime minister narendramodi , the senior congress leader said: prime minister had said that terrorists were hunted even when they were hiding in hell.
;;0.7906;;(drshailesh pinto)birds of wuhanas luck would have it, just before prime minister narendramodi landed in wuhan for the grand summit, an indian birder was exploring the avian wonders of that central china city poised at the confluence of the yangtze and hanshui rivers.
;;0.4019;;bihar chief minister nitish kumar met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi on saturday, a day after he skipped a meeting of opposition parties convened by congress president sonia gandhi.
;;0.5719;;in another tweet in hindi, kejriwal targeted prime minister narendramodi saying that you may do whatever you want to, (but) the truth is with us, god is with us.
;;-0.6486;;congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala cited a media report which claimed lavasa, who disagreed with the poll panels decisions to clear prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah of charges of violating the model code of conduct (mcc), has since may 4 recused himself from all meetings to discuss mcc issues.
;;0.4588;;and, prime minister narendramodi can be seen smiling from posters hung in every nook and corner of this area in the jagaddal assembly segment.
;;0.5574;;this has been a vote for narendramodi bhai modi and he is the hero leading this wave.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi is upset with ministers skipping their roster duty in parliament and has asked for a list of those who absented themselves from parliamentary sittings despite being asked to attend, two bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders aware of developments said on condition of anonymity.
;;-0.8402;;declaring that blood and water cannot flow together, prime minister narendramodi had held a meeting in september to review the treaty in the backdrop of the terror strikes, including the uri attack.
;;0.5719;;rather than look to conquer new ground in the run-up to the 2019 hustings, we expect prime minister narendramodi to focus on cementing the success of his reforms and infrastructure projects already started.
;;0.7003;;3) in his last meeting in varanasi, prime minister narendramodi effusively praised sinha for his work and commitment as the railway minister.
;;0.0;;the former indian off-spinner has even urged prime minister narendramodi to intervene.
;;0.3182;;absolutely disgraceful &shame on @jetairways (sic), tweeted harbhajan, who went on to appeal to prime minister narendramodi to intervene and make sure action is taken against the pilot.
;;0.6249;;us president donald trump said prime minister narendramodi deserved his landslide victory in the recently held general elections as he did a great job pulling everyone together.
;;-0.0422;;indiaupdated: aug 26, 2019 19:42 istthe government has sacked 22 more tax officials accused of corruption and serious irregularities in line with prime minister narendramodi modis commitment to purge the black sheep in the tax department, the government announced on monday.
;;0.0;;but this could be attributed to many atms being reported either dysfunctional or short of cash even four months after prime minister narendramodi modis november 8 announcement to recall the old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;-0.1531;;as prime minister narendramodi , a staunch critic of dynastic politics, shared stage with the badal clan on sunday at kotkapura, the village of former indian president giani zail singh nearby has a story of a forgotten son.
;;0.4215;;congress leader priyanka gandhi vadra on wednesday sought to strike an emotional chord with people during a road show here, saying she was born in delhi and is empathetic towards their aspirations, unlike prime minister narendramodi who, she claimed, has been here only for five years.
;;0.1901;;turnbull and his indian counterpart narendramodi will confirm the importance of the ceca but there are issues on both sides, mazumdar said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi might be as cyber-savvy as president xi jinping, specially in their use of social media, swipe for swipe, but his country and people continue to trail far behind china in internet use, almost three times less.
;;0.5574;;putting it another way: if prime minister narendramodi and trump were to eventually have their face-to-face meeting, would the agenda have enough positive elements?
;;0.0;;this was prime minister narendramodi during the releasing of narmada pravah a work plan for the river narmada for policy work and conservation.
;;0.5927;;but thanks to prime minister narendramodi , the article has been abrogated, making jammu & kashmir an integral part of india, he said.
;;0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi modis government has said it is committed to rooting out graft, as part of a clampdown on corruption that modi promised during his election campaign.
;;-0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif on thursday exchanged pleasantries at a cultural gala in astana, amid frosty bilateral ties, deadlocked talks and escalation of hostilities along the line of control in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has fixed a target to eradicate tb from the country by 2025, five years ahead of the sustainable development goals.
;;-0.8126;;earlier, jean and his indian counterpart ajit doval agreed on a path-breaking framework for cooperation on countering terrorism and violent extremism, a bilateral document released after trudeau met prime minister narendramodi in new delhi.
;;0.0;;people believed to be from the patidar community seeking job quota in gujarat threw eggs on the cavalcade of bjp president amit shah on monday night, hours before prime minister narendramodi modis two-day trip to his home state beginning tuesday.
;;0.7003;;since the election of trump as u.s. president, indian leaders including narendramodi have reiterated their commitment to the paris agreement.
;;0.0;;watal is considered the architect of the rs 80,000 crore development package announced by prime minister narendramodi in november 2015.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi modis allegation that rajiv gandhi used ins viraat as a personal taxi was rejected by former navy chief admiral (retd) l ramdas as well as by a former commanding officer of the aircraft carrier.
;;0.0;;taking a swipe at prime minister narendramodi over his remarks that he comes from a very backward caste, congress general secretary priyanka gandhi on sunday said that she does not have any knowledge of his caste and the opposition has never talked about it.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday took a swipe at the congress while saying that madhya pradesh was being run by 2.
;;0.7003;;both the bharatiya janata party and the congress went the extra mile to woo voters in the reserved seats  prime minister narendramodi and congress general secretary priyanka gandhi both, addressed election meetings at ratlam.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi won his seat by a higher margin of over 4.
;;0.4019;;three days after the far-reaching decision to abrogate the special status given to jammu and kashmir under article 370 and bifurcate the state, prime minister narendramodi , in a nearly 40-minute televised address to the nation on thursday, sought to assuage concerns of the people saying jammu and kashmir will not remain union territory for long.
;;-0.34;;bills worth rs 119 crore pending towards cash-strapped air india, generated for some foreign visits of prime minister narendramodi , have been cleared against the back drop of a long battle by a retired naval officer using the rti act.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has undertaken 27 visits abroad since assuming the office on may 26, 2014, according to the pmo website.
;;0.3182;;the foreign direct investment (fdi) has seen a huge jump from usd 34,487 billion to usd 61,724 billion since 2013, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday.
;;0.25;;the supreme court is likely to peruse the election commission order clearing prime minister narendramodi modis speeches at its next hearing on wednesday after the congress accused the poll panel of bias.
;;0.4019;;focus on cow protection, especially by vigilante groups, has risen since the bharatiya janata party (bjp)-led government under prime minister narendramodi took power at the centre 3 years ago.
;;-0.4019;;the police action came barely hours after prime minister narendramodi took a dig at the alliance partners sp and congress, accusing them of chanting gayatri prajapati mantra in an oblique reference to allege police inaction in the case.
;;0.0;;kejriwal also took to twitter and said that prime minister narendramodi has nothing else to do except going after the aap.
;;0.7579;;new delhi: bharatiya janata partys win at the uttar pradesh and uttarakhand assembly elections show the people support for prime minister narendramodi modis development agenda, senior ministers said on saturday.
;;-0.9231;;in a veiled attack on pakistan, prime minister narendramodi on friday said that countries sponsoring, aiding and funding terrorism must be held accountable as he called for a global conference to combat the menace.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi had last year questioned the long vacation.
;;0.4939;;to a question if prime minister narendramodi is invincible, she said, not at all, not at all.
;;0.2144;;a last-minute blitz by prime minister narendramodi helped the bharatiya janata party (bjp) surge ahead of the ruling congress in karnataka assembly elections, but it fell just short of the magic figure.
;;0.4404;;home minister rajnath singh, addressing his first election meeting in purnia on wednesday said that the country was in safe hands and india under prime minister narendramodi was developing on all fronts.
;;-0.34;;ten medical associations and 453 doctors have appealed to prime minister narendramodi against the karnataka high court (hc) order to repeal the rule stating that 85  of tobacco product packaging should contain pictorial warning.
;;0.8519;;indiaupdated: aug 16, 2019 13:18 istsenior congress leader p chidambaram on friday hailed prime minister narendramodi modis vision over population explosion, eliminating single use plastic and respecting wealth creators.
;;0.0;;with the rise to power of prime minister narendramodi in 2014 on a groundswell of hindu nationalism, newly assertive right-wing groups, suspicious of foreign influence and particularly outspoken against large multinationals like monsanto, now hold sway in the government.
;;0.0;;modi meetearlier, pompeo met prime minister narendramodi for talks at his official residence in the capital, new delhi, and they exchanged handshakes in images broadcast on television.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday met with turkish president recep tayyip erdogan and held talks on a host of key issues including trade and investment, defence and counter-terrorism.
;;-0.5106;;by friday, a video by an army jawan complaining that he was being victimised by his seniors for writing to prime minister narendramodi saying orderlies or sahayaks should not be made to polish their officers shoes went viral.
;;-0.1027;;karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy called prime minister narendramodi worse than hitler after taxmen conducted raids on his party men last month.
;;0.7096;;tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam sought prime minister narendramodi modis intervention on recognising pongal festival as a compulsory holiday even as the centre clarified that these are decided by the employees welfare committees in state capitals and it has nothing to do with it.
;;0.7845;;thirteen chief ministers of bharatiya janata party-ruled states took a 12-point test before prime minister narendramodi , who pitched for a fresh push to welfare schemes and better coordination between the party and its government on sunday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi must convene a joint session of both houses of parliament to formulate a law to pave way for construction of ram temple in ayodhya, said vedanti.
;;0.836;;the dialogue also focused on progress made since prime minister narendramodi modis visit to the uk in april last year for the commonwealth summit, where both sides agreed on closer collaboration in trade, security and people-to-people links.
;;0.6597;;interestingly, even if prime minister narendramodi had said yes when chief minister o panneerselvam had met him on thursday with a request for an ordinance, the political fruits would have been mostly reaped only by the aiadmk.
;;-0.34;;prasadas comments come on the back of prime minister narendramodi modis independence day speech, in which had underlined the need to tackle the challenge of population explosion in the country and cautioned that if left unaddressed, it could pose problems for future generations.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to attend a meeting of bjps jammu and kashmir core group called here on tuesday, with top party leaders, including its chief amit shah, set to discuss political atmosphere and partys preparedness for assembly elections whenever they are held, sources said.
;;0.7506;;in the last two weeks, the national democratic alliance (nda) government headed by prime minister narendramodi has cleared bills to the tune of over rs 4,200 crore under three heads, thanks to improved relations with andhra pradesh chief minister y s jaganmohan reddy.
;;-0.5423;;delhiupdated: aug 15, 2019 01:38 istthe twitter account of rapper hard kaur was suspended on tuesday after she posted a video making derogatory remarks against prime minister narendramodi and union home minister amit shah.
;;-0.765;;the akali dal urged prime minister narendramodi to end unjust and unconstitutional incarceration of these prisoners on the eve of the 550th parkash purb of guru nanak.
;;0.4767;;mumbaiupdated: aug 09, 2019 06:10 istmembers of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer and intersex (lgbtqi) community have started an online petition, addressed to prime minister narendramodi , seeking that a set of legislation safeguarding their interests be introduced.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and president donald turmp have also spoken twice over phone but havent met.
;;-0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday fired a salvo at both pakistan and the congress party while addressing a rally at surendranagar in gujarats saurashtra region.
;;0.128;;last year in december, prime minister narendramodi had launched the metro-4 corridor and then mmrda invited bids for construction of the corridor.
;;-0.4767;;a day after voting in punjab and goa, the focus sharpened on uttar pradesh where an acronym war raged between prime minister narendramodi and the duo of congress vice-president rahul gandhi and samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav for the second successive day.
;;0.5267;;subhash also heaped praises on prime minister narendramodi for mentioning raos name in the lok sabha.
;;0.4939;;while addressing in the lok sabha, prime minister narendramodi praised narasimha rao because of his contributions made in the country and due to the economic policy implemented in 1991.
;;-0.6124;;the election commission cleared prime minister narendramodi on monday in a complaint filed by the congress of model code of conduct violation in an election speech.
;;0.7845;;the aiadmk governmentand bjp mp and union minister pon radhakrishan who professed prime minister narendramodi modis love for tamil traditions and culturewhich was keen to appropriate credit for winning the jallikattu battle through the ordinance suffered a setback.
;;0.9042;;the bharatiya janata party praised prime minister narendramodi and finance minister arun jaitley on wednesday for presenting a budget that it said will push growth, create employment, promote farm sector and give relief to the poor and middle-class.
;;0.8271;;the bjp has won decisive victories in the recent assembly polls but it remains to be seen whether prime minister narendramodi will be able to push through economic reforms, keep india stable and have a gentler approach to minorities, chinese state media has said.
;;0.2023;;make in india, the campaign started by prime minister narendramodi in september 2014 to bring foreign investment into the country, is one of the top cards used by sitharaman during her visit.
;;0.5106;;after spending over 15 hours meditating at a holy cave near the kedarnath shrine, prime minister narendramodi on sunday arrived at badrinath, another temple in uttarakhands revered char dham.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/achjximztu  chowkidar narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 19, 2019after offering his prayers at the temple, pm modi sat down to meditate in the mountains.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/o01ipj5dl3  chowkidar narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 19, 2019the prime minister will return to delhi this evening after a two-day visit to the hill state.
;;0.0;;upendra kushwaha, the junior minister for human resource development (hrd) in the narendramodi government, said on saturday that the prime minister should not have held a road show for the uttar pradesh assembly election.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during his roadshow in varanasi on saturday.
;;0.0;;haryana topped the region with nearly rs 780 crore deposited in jan dhan accounts in banks in the state after november 8 last year when prime minister narendramodi declared currency notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 invalid.
;;-0.9432;;describing terrorism as a global menace, prime minister narendramodi on friday urged the world community to block funding, weapons and communication modes of terrorists, in an apparent reference to pakistans support for kashmiri militants.
;;0.4019;;seeking to scale up the demand for an independent balochistan, mir suleiman ahmedzai, who holds the title of khan of kalat, took his cause to britains house of lords and told the media that prime minister narendramodi was a friend of balochistan.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi embarked on a two-day visit to bishkek in kyrgyzstan on thursday for the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit.
;;0.0;;the bilaterals will take place when prime minister narendramodi is in the kyrgyz capital of bishkek to attend the meeting of council of heads of state (chs) of sco from june 13 to 14.
;;-0.1531;;invoking of article 324 to abruptly curtail the campaign period in west bengal and giving time to prime minister narendramodi to hold two rallies is unfortunate and not correct, naidu said.
;;-0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi has said jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar was designated as a global terrorist because india is now seen as a nation that will leave no stone unturned to ensure the safety and security of its citizens.
;;-0.2263;;keralaupdated: aug 09, 2019 12:01 istcongress leader rahul gandhi on friday made a rare phone call to prime minister narendramodi to seek the centres help for people in his constituency wayanad and kerala where 25 people have already died in torrential rains.
;;-0.25;;according to reports, ncp chief sharad pawar called on prime minister narendramodi in new delhi apparently to seek his attention to the farmers agitation in maharashtra.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi tweeted his best wishes to students.
;;0.34;;assuming this city has the equivalent of new delhis posh and pricey hub of luxury shops, watering holes and edgy eating houses amid the cacophony of paved streets, overhead cables and partition history, it certainly would not be juhu-bandra, as an economist-historian and adviser to prime minister narendramodi would have us believe.
;;0.0;;the supplementary demands has the allocation of rs8 crore spent on advertisements on the launch of infrastructure projects by prime minister narendramodi in december and rs1.
;;0.128;;the projects were launched by prime minister narendramodi on december 24 in mumbai.
;;-0.0516;;the chief minister, who will leave for the national capital tonight, would meet prime minister narendramodi and a host of union ministers during his visit.
;;0.2732;;tomorrow morning at 10 am, meeting has been fixed with prime minister narendramodi , and on certain developmental works relating to the state i will be meeting several ministers, including the railway minister among others, yediyurappa said.
;;0.6705;;indias decision to agree on talks to address trade differences, including data localisation, during the meeting between prime minister narendramodi and president donald trump in osaka was aimed at ensuring that there is adequate time to discuss such issues domestically before negotiations with the us side, the people said.
;;0.8481;;the sena also said if the development that the bjp keeps harping on had indeed been visible to the public, fadnavis and prime minister narendramodi would have won popular support without even having to come out of their houses.
;;-0.3818;;speaking in a public rally in goa, a few days after announcing demonetisation on 8 november, 2016, prime minister narendramodi had asked for 50 days from the people of india for note-ban related hardships to endit has been 100 days since modi announced the scrapping of 86  of indias currency in circulation.
;;-0.296;;doctors and 10 medical associations on saturday urged prime minister narendramodi not to reverse 85  pictorial warnings on all tobacco products as directed by the karnataka high court.
;;-0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday chaired a meeting to review preparedness to deal with a severe cyclone that was due to make landfall friday.
;;0.0;;addressing a press conference on sunday, akhilesh referred to the noida jinx and hinted that both prime minister narendramodi and up chief minister yogi adityanath will not return to power as they went there to re-inaugurate the noida leg of delhi metro which he had already inaugurated.
;;-0.8442;;babbar also criticised prime minister narendramodi for his delayed response to the tragedy.
;;0.296;;new zealand is committed to working with nsg members to reach a decision as soon as possible, a joint statement by prime minister narendramodi and his kiwi counterpart john key said after the latters visit to new delhi in october last year.
;;0.5267;;a pmo source said verma  a 1979-batch indian police service (ips) officer  was selected by a three-member committee comprising prime minister narendramodi , chief justice js khehar and congress leader mallikarjun kharge.
;;0.7717;;on the eve of republic day, russian president vladimir putin on wednesday greeted president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendramodi , saying special and privileged strategic partnership with india is an invariable priority in russias foreign policy.
;;0.9287;;the bharatiya janata party has won stunning election victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, a personal triumph for prime minister narendramodi that could now ensure his partys near-domination of politics in india.
;;0.6808;;45pm: prime minister narendramodi begins speaking by wishing everyone a happy holi.
;;0.0;;23pm: pm modi walks the last stretch to bjps headquarters at ashoka road in delhi:prime minister narendramodi arrives at bjp hq in delhi amid loud 'modi modi' chants #electionresults pic.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi modis roadshow is expected to begin shortly.
;;0.0;;12pm: prime minister narendramodi may lead celebration procession from le meridien hotel to bjp headquarters in delhi ahead of parliamentary board meet.
;;-0.34;;raucous disruptions have returned to parliament once again, this time following prime minister narendramodi modis jibes at his predecessor manmohan singh.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi was at the rajya sabha on thursday during the question hour for about 15 minutes, his first appearance in the house since the assembly poll results were declared.
;;-0.4767;;the attack happened days after prime minister narendramodi made an unscheduled visit at former pakistani premier nawaz sharifs home as a goodwill gesture.
;;-0.5574;;in the run-up to the final phase of polling in the country on may 19, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said that the opposition, having seen the voters response in six phases of lok sabha polls, was resorting to hurling personal abuses on him.
;;-0.4939;;at a farmers rally at pipliyamandi near mandsaur to mark the first anniversary of the police firing, gandhi said farm loan waiver worth rs 70,000 crore was given by the upa government and lashed out at prime minister narendramodi for ignoring farmers.
;;-0.5267;;referring to a time magazine cover story on prime minister narendramodi , he said, one of the worlds credible news magazines has said that the bjp is a threat to democracy.
;;0.5873;;a day after prime minister narendramodi formed a panel to examine the issue of holding simultaneous general and state elections  despite disagreement by several opposition parties  kovind said the staggered system of polls hindered the pace and continuity of developmental programmes and said one country, one election was the need of the hour.
;;-0.3818;;it has been established now that prime minister narendramodi fooled the people of india.
;;0.0;;work on the 12,000 crore all weather road project announced recently by prime minister narendramodi for the chardham would also be hampered.
;;0.7351;;prime minister narendramodi arrived in jakarta on tuesday on the first leg of his three-nation tour to east asia to cement the political, economic and strategic interest of the two friendly maritime neighbours.
;;0.0;;indonesia: pm narendramodi at istiqlal mosque in jakarta pic.
;;0.0;;jakarta: pm narendramodi at merdeka palace,indonesian president joko widodo also present pic.
;;0.8271;;twitter.com/dblqice2bj  ani (@ani) may 30, 20188:55am: pm modi arrives at merdeka palace, is welcomed by indonesian president joko widodo8:15am: pm narendramodi pays tribute at kalibata national heroes cemetery in jakarta8:10am: pm modi was accorded a ceremonial welcome on his arrival in jakarta.
;;0.0;;for the sake of our country, prime minister, narendramodi is the most suitable for the job, he tells a motley crew at mukinpur village in rai assembly segment.
;;0.4767;;jain and dhasmana had stepped down last month-end on the expiry of their extended tenure after prime minister narendramodi appointed samant kumar goel as the next chief of indias external spy agency, research and analysis wing and arvinda kumar as the head of ib, the countrys domestic intelligence agency.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is expected to speak before khan the same day.
;;0.0;;irani, a television actor, was appointed as the human resource development minister when prime minister narendramodi took over in 2014.
;;0.0;;in a letter to prime minister narendramodi dated may 3, a copy of which is with hindustan times, ahluwalia claimed that more than 320 families have been settled in places such as deolo, lava forest, melli and rangpo.
;;0.0;;the balakot airstrikes narrative of prime minister narendramodi is resonating in the border seat.
;;0.2937;;slamming delhi governments announcement of providing free travel to women in metros and busses former delhi metro rail corporation (dmrc) chief e sreedharan has written to prime minister narendramodi seeking his personal intervention urging him to not agree to the proposal adding that the decision to give concession to one section of the community will push delhi metro into inefficiency and bankruptcy.
;;0.0;;the courts ruling resulted in a nationwide stir by members of the scheduled castes (scs) and scheduled tribes (sts), and some sc and st members of parliament from the bjp even wrote to prime minister narendramodi , urging the centre to intervene.
;;-0.6597;;it was back to the familiar cycle of raucous protests and walkouts in parliament on thursday with the congress protesting against prime minister narendramodi modis remarks on his predecessor manmohan singh in rajya sabha.
;;0.743;;india wants apple to raise value addition share in phases of 3,5,7 and 10 years as the local capacity builds up, part of prime minister narendramodi modis plans to boost manufacturing.
;;0.2057;;indiaupdated: aug 24, 2019 17:26 istthe wife and son of arun jaitley on saturday insisted that prime minister narendramodi should not cut short his three-nation tour following the demise of the bjp leader, sources in the government have said.
;;0.2732;;the discontent in the foodbowl states of madhya pradesh and neighbouring maharashtra, where too farmers have launched an agitation over similar demands, has come as a fresh challenge for prime minister narendramodi , who has made farm sector reforms a priority for his government.
;;0.128;;the schemeprime minister narendramodi launched the much-hyped scheme on july 15,2015 with a corpus of rs 1,500 crore and an aim to train 2.
;;0.0;;a small-time farmer from fatehpur is besotted with prime minister narendramodi so much that he wrote a 151-feet-long handwritten congratulatory letter to him.
;;0.0;;pm will attend the agm of the african development bankprime minister narendramodi , currently on a visit to gujarat, will attend the annual general meeting of african development bank at gandhinagar today.
;;0.0;;china president xi jinping hosted prime minister narendramodi for a two-day informal summit in the central chinese city of wuhan on friday and saturday.
;;-0.1779;;chinese president xi jinping and prime minister narendramodi shake hands as they visit the hubei provincial museum in wuhan, on friday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping pose with folk dancers at the hubei provincial museum, in wuhan on friday.
;;0.4767;;(pib/twitter)indian foreign secretary vijay gokhale said prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping agreed that the informal talks had given them a chance to candidly discuss issues concerning both countries.
;;0.296;;(narendra modi/twitter)at the museum, prime minister narendramodi saw an exhibition of the marquis yi of zeng cultural relics and treasure.
;;0.7906;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday invoked former pm atal bihari vajpayee and lk advani, the bharatiya janata party veteran, among other on the foundation day of the party to assert that return of his government in the lok sabha election will make india stronger.
;;-0.3612;;farmers in maharashtra, another bjp-ruled state, are also agitating over similar demands, mounting pressure on prime minister narendramodi , who has promised to double their income by 2022.
;;0.0;;going against the script yet again, prime minister narendramodi on thursday had a pull-aside with his pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif on the sidelines of the annual shangahi cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana on thursday.
;;0.8442;;indian prime minister narendramodi modis upcoming visit to israel will reflect the tremendous growth in diplomatic relations that were established 25 years ago and could serve as a catalyst for finalising a long-pending free trade agreement (fta), israeli envoy daniel carmon said on thursday.
;;0.3182;;turkish president recep tayyip erdogan arrived in new delhi on sunday and will hold wide-ranging talks with prime minister narendramodi on key bilateral and regional issues, including indias nsg membership bid and ways to strengthen cooperation in counter-terrorism and trade.
;;0.0;;the move is in line with prime minister narendramodi modis push to establish india as an arms exporter.
;;0.7351;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday linked an event to promote out-of-the-box thinking among the youth to his vision of a new india, saying innovation and technology will shape the future of the country.
;;-0.5106;;the choice of yogi adityanath  who has been repeatedly accused of stirring anti-muslim sentiments  to lead uttar pradesh, came as a shock to many political observers here, who have become accustomed to the carefully moderated public positions of prime minister narendramodi , in line with his projected image as a pro-development leader and global statesman, says the piece.
;;0.0;;on june 19, prime minister narendramodi chaired an all-party meeting in an effort to form consensus around its one nation, one election pitch.
;;0.0;;the wheels are in motion for prime minister narendramodi to make a state visit to israel sometime later this year.
;;0.0;;he takes a jibe at prime minister narendramodi referring him as dilli wale baba.
;;0.2732;;in his independence day speech, prime minister narendramodi had said rs 100 lakh crore will be spent towards infrastructure creation in the country.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi is set to inaugurate the rs5,181 crore kochi metro on saturday.
;;0.3612;;9) rbi refuses to answer why exchange of old notes was not allowed till march 31why was not the conversion of old currency notes allowed till march 31, 2017 for indians as assured by prime minister narendramodi in his speech on november 8 announcing demonetisation?
;;0.4939;;the national conference chief, who was recently called to new delhi by prime minister narendramodi for a discussion on kashmir, said modi wanted a peaceful end to the situation in the state, reeling under unrest for months.
;;0.0;;in 2015, prime minister narendramodi visited tesla headquarters at palo alto, california and met musk who gave modi a tour of the companys electric car plant.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi also visited teslas california facility in 2015.
;;0.4019;;despite a seat-sharing arrangement with his ally bharatiya janata party (bjp) for the upcoming by-elections, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on sunday took a dig at prime minister narendramodi , saying that he could bring the sea to nagpur if the nanar oil refinery project was moved there.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi modis leadership generates a lot of hope, and it is benefitting all of us.
;;0.4364;;so the benefits that have come from narendramodi to villages have been direct.
;;-0.4939;;hours after prime minister narendramodi claimed that west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee had not returned his calls to enquire about the damage done to the state by cyclone fani, the firebrand trinamool congress chief responded to the pms charge saying that she could not take the pms call as she was in kharagpur.
;;-0.4939;;on sunday, a controversy had erupted over prime minister narendramodi calling up the west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi and asking him for a report on the damage cyclone fani had inflicted in the state.
;;0.0;;the state capital of uttarakhand will be the venue for this years national programme on the international yoga day on june 21 with prime minister narendramodi attending it.
;;-0.2617;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said the digidhan movement was not only about curbing corruption, but also about giving a voice to the poor.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will travel to nepal on a two-day visit on may 11 while external affairs minister sushma swaraj will travel to myanmar, also on a two-day visit, on may 10, the ministrys official spokesperson, raveesh kumar, said on thursday.
;;-0.4767;;the congress may have curtailed anti-incumbency factor for the sp but the rivals, especially prime minister narendramodi , started firing on all cylinders.
;;0.0;;the guest list for the wedding included prime minister narendramodi , sports minister vijay goel, railway minister suresh prabhu, sportspersons such as sachin tendulkar, virender sehwag, deepa karmakar, deepa malik and bollywood celebrities such as randeep hooda.
;;0.0;;on the day prime minister narendramodi led bjps main bhi chowkidar (i too am chowkidar) campaign at delhis talkatora stadium, opposition leaders in visakhapatnam held a joint rally seeking the formers ouster.
;;-0.7506;;the decision was taken by the state government in august last year after prime minister narendramodi hit out at fake cow vigilantes disturbing law and order.
;;0.0;;continuing in the same vein, he referred to prime minister narendramodi and said patriotism is in his blood and he wont flinch from following his duty.
;;0.0;;on may 3, prime minister narendramodi inaugurated a research institute run by ramdevs patanjali ayurveda in uttarakhands haridwar.
;;0.3818;;pm modi to launch river conservation project in madhya pradesh to ensure pollution-free narmadaprime minister narendramodi will today launch the narmada seva mission for the conservation of the crucial river, which is a lifeline of madhya pradesh.
;;0.2732;;three years after he took over as prime minister, narendramodi has done well on this parameter.
;;0.128;;this is not the first time that the bharatiya janata party (bjp), under prime minister narendramodi , has cast grave doubts over indias nfu commitment since it is has been in power.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi says that protection of public property is our responsibility as it belongs to all of us.
;;0.796;;sachin tendulkar (@sachin_rt) september 17, 2019wishing our honourable prime minister narendramodi a very happy birthday.
;;0.2617;;daata ram and singh sit on different points on the countrys income spectrum but, in their collective discontent, the two symbolise the rising pressure on prime minister narendramodi to deliver on his emotive election vow to bring achhe din, or good times, to indians.
;;0.3818;;it was tabled in the house on monday, at a time when prime minister narendramodi has renewed his commitment to bring back black money.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi would be addressing poll rallies in aalo in arunachal pradesh, moran in assam and gohpur in assam.
;;0.9179;;12:02 pm ist congress made fun of our scientists: pm modi congresss statement after surgical strikes were seen by the nation, even when our scientist had achieved what only three countries could, congress made fun of them also: pm modi while addressing poll rally in arunachal                 ,     ,             ,           :   @narendramodi #northeast4modi  bjp (@bjp4india) march 30, 201911:55 am ist double engine of growth for arunachal after 2019 ls polls: pm modi i believe youth of arunachal pradesh, i am sure nda government at both centre and state will act as double engine of growth for the state: pm modi11:52 am ist congress is blinded by love for neighbouring country : pm modi congress and its leaders have been blinded by the love for neighbouring country to the point that they dont cherish northeast or india anymore, their statements are being flashed in pakistan: pm modi11:40 am ist other pms did not visit arunachal pradesh in 30 years, i visited northeast 30 times in 5 years: pm modi in arunachal pradeshs aalo it is after 30 years that a prime minister has visited arunachal pradeshs aalo, but in bjps rule prime minister has visited northeast over 30 times within five years: prime minister narendramodi while addressing poll rally in arunachal pradeshs aalo11:38 am ist bjp president amit shah holds road show in gandhinagar gujarat: bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah holds a road show in ahmedabad,reports news agency ani.
;;0.9761;;i feel fortunate to be announced bjps candidate from lok sabha seat which was once lok sabha seat to lk advani and atal bihari vajpayee: bjp president amit shah11:10 am ist if we can credit indira gandhi for 1971 war victory, why cant we credit modi for airstrikes: rajnath singh in 1971 atal bihari vajpayee congratulated indira gandhi for war victory over pakistan because we placed nation first and party later but congress has been trying to discredit narendramodi modis decision making abilities: union home minister rajnath singh11:08 am ist india will soon be one of the top 3 super powers of the world: union home minister rajnath singh it is narendramodi who has taken india ahead of time, if given second chance then nda government under narendramodi modis leadership will soon be regarded as one of the top three super powers of the world: union home minister rajnath singh10:55 am ist nda government is power to the poor government: ram vilas paswan nda government is power to the poor government, we made sure sc/st and obc get economically and socially stronger: ljp founder ram villas paswan10:51 am ist kaun banega pm: uddhav thackerays poser to opposition grand alliance should hold a rally together and announce pm candidate, they are all busy proving different leaders as pm candidates: uddhav thackeray10:50 am ist some people were celebrating thinking bjp and shiv sena are fighting, but we are on same track now: shiv sena chief uddhav thackery people must be surprised that i reached at amit shahs nomination filing.
;;0.8779;;prime minister narendramodi chose asias premier security forum to unveil indias comprehensive and ambitious vision for the indo-pacific, a term that has gained much currency this year.
;;0.7506;;the supreme court on wednesday declined to entertain the congresss complaint against a string of clean chits handed out by the election commission to prime minister narendramodi and bjp boss amit shah.
;;0.0;;up shia central waqf board chairman waseem rizvi has written to prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath suggesting that all madarsas be converted to public schools with islamic education as an optional subject.
;;0.296;;usually anybody over the age of 75, is eased out of a leadership role under a rule introduced by prime minister narendramodi and bjp boss amit shah.
;;0.4404;;after addressing three rallies in bihar for the first two phases of lok sabha polls, all in favour of bjp ally jd-us candidates, prime minister narendramodi would be campaigning for the bjp candidate pradip kumar singh of araria on april 20.
;;0.0;;terming the press conference by prime minister narendramodi unprecedented, congress president rahul gandhi said that he has question for him.
;;-0.4497;;her nomination was seen by the congress as an effort to polarise the national elections but the choice was strongly defended by prime minister narendramodi , who has on more than one occasion, pitched the decision as a befitting reply to individuals who linked a whole religion and culture to terror.
;;0.25;;remember, narendramodi has defended and endorsed pragyas candidature.
;;0.0;;these steps are in addition to what prime minister narendramodi said on december 31.
;;0.0;;their visit, coming close on the heels of a trip last month by yury trutnev, the deputy prime minister and presidential envoy for russias far east, is aimed at firming up the agenda and identifying new areas for cooperation ahead of prime minister narendramodi modis visit to vladivostok to attend the eastern economic forum between september 4 and 6.
;;0.0;;an official at the chief ministers office (cmo) said that prime minister narendramodi would address a rally at lohardaga on april 23, six days before the first voting on april 29.
;;-0.4019;;haq made the remarks when he was asked at his daily press briefing about the situation in kashmir and if guterres has been able to understand the kashmir dispute and would he be talking to prime minister narendramodi to start a dialogue with pakistan.
;;0.2023;;also read | lok sabha elections 2019: badal to hit campaign trail from patiala on may 5an important seat, prime minister narendramodi addressed a rally here last wednesday, while congress president rahul gandhi campaigned on monday.
;;0.0;;and farmers are not entering into the new economic system (going cashless) that prime minister narendramodi has proposed.
;;-0.2732;;the relation between prime minister narendramodi and bengal chief minister mamata banerjee is passing through a historic low.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi suggested that programmes should revolve around the theme of gandhi in action and include use of technology so that the whole world can take note and participate.
;;0.4242;;indiaupdated: aug 26, 2019 18:52 istprime minister narendramodi on monday rejected any scope for a third party mediation between india and pakistan on kashmir, saying the two countries can discuss and resolve all issues bilaterally and we dont want to bother any third country.
;;-0.7096;;also read: reduce tension over kashmir bilaterally, donald trump tells imran khanus president trump had offered mediation between india and pakistan on kashmir during pakistan pm imran khans white house visit in july with a claim that even prime minister narendramodi had asked him to, the claim was swiftly and summarily denied by new delhi, and reiterated that the kashmir issue can only be resolved bilaterally, and only after pakistan stopped supporting terrorism.
;;-0.6808;;on the 60th day of after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation -- the situation, which sucked out 86  of the countrys bank notes in circulation -- a dena bank branch in khimana village in gujarat was pelted with stones.
;;0.0;;the controversy began in january when karnan wrote to prime minister narendramodi to order a corruption probe against judges of the madras high court and the apex court.
;;0.3612;;they referred to prime minister narendramodi modis november 8, 2016 speech announcing the demonetisation policy, and a subsequent notification that promised people would be able to deposit the old notes till march 31, 2017.
;;0.8074;;lucknowupdated: aug 30, 2019 12:40 istuttar pradeshs new sports minister upendra tiwari made an interesting resolve on thursday, the day prime minister narendramodi launched the fit india movement.
;;0.3919;;with both pm narendramodi and cm yogi adityanath ji leading the way in terms of not just leadership but fitness too, we have such high yardsticks to keep pace with, he says.
;;0.5994;;when a network of good roads is created then the economy of the country also picks the pace, prime minister narendramodi said in august 2017 at a ceremony to lay the foundation stone for a national highway project in udaipur.
;;-0.3724;;prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping were not expected to hug at their first meeting at the hubei provincial museum on friday afternoon.
;;-0.3612;;on lines of swachh bharat mission of prime minister narendramodi , the chief minister said that, up lags behind other states as far as cleanliness is concerned.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi offered prayers at the muktinath and pashupatinath temples, followed by meetings with political leaders of various parties, on the second day of his visit to nepal on saturday.
;;0.6486;;imran khan (@imrankhanpti) july 23, 2019in his initial remarks with khan at the white house on monday, trump offered to help resolve the kashmir issue between india and pakistan and even claimed that prime minister narendramodi had requested for mediation on kashmir when they met a few weeks ago in osaka.
;;0.0;;gandhi was responding to prime minister narendramodi modis comment at a rally in new delhi that rajiv gandhi misused ins viraat as his personal taxi during a vacation to lakshadweep (in 1987) and also hosted foreigners on board.
;;0.0772;;i will bet you, whatever you want, that as far as thinking about india is concerned, im spending at least 10 times the amount of time that mr narendramodi is spending.
;;0.0;;and mr narendramodi bought it hook, line and sinker.
;;0.8625;;naidu spoke to hindustan times about the prospects of forming a grand alliance of opposition parties, his falling-out with prime minister narendramodi and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and key election issues.
;;0.0;;india has resisted pakistans efforts to internationalise the situation, but in doing so, has the prime minister narendramodi opened the door to international mediation?
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the demonetisation move on november 8.
;;-0.872;;a teary-eyed prakash told the minister that his business has been ruined after demonetisation and the implementation of the goods and services tax and that he had to consume poison as his attempts to draw the attention of prime minister narendramodi , finance minister arun jaitley and chief minister trivendra rawat through letters failed.
;;-0.4767;;launching a scathing attack on prime minister narendramodi , chief minister ashok gehlot said modi will not become the pm as there is an undercurrent against him in the country.
;;0.0;;the newly-developed civil terminal was inaugurated by prime minister narendramodi on march 8 and is scheduled to start operationsflights to eight citiesby end of may.
;;-0.1154;;india is committed to protecting climate, irrespective the paris agreement, prime minister narendramodi said on friday but avoided a direct reference to the us withdrawing from the international deal.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said india needs an institutional arrangement for achieving excellence in sports.
;;-0.6486;;gadkaris comments in an interview with pti are the strongest yet repudiation of cow vigilante groups by the narendramodi government, which has come under fierce attack by the its rivals over violence perpetrated by the so-called gau rakshaks.
;;-0.6249;;these incidents inflamed communal tensions, tarnishing prime minister narendramodi modis efforts to focus on economic development, which gadkari said was the governments main agenda.
;;-0.2247;;prime minister narendramodi on monday called for more aggressive efforts to deepen economic ties between india and turkey, saying the present level of economic and commercial relations between the two countries are not enough.
;;-0.296;;ajaz urged prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and cow vigilantes to ban the global brand in a video which he shared on his official fans page on facebook on saturday.
;;-0.3818;;tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam is likely to meet prime minister narendramodi on thursday to try and quell a massive unrest in the southern state over a ban on the popular but controversial bull-taming sport jallikattu.
;;0.7845;;the high-level delegations visit stems from the joint desire of prime minister narendramodi and chief minister yogi adityanath to transform uttar pradesh into one of the most industrially developed states in the country with the best social indicators, he said.
;;0.5213;;indiaupdated: aug 04, 2019 03:58 istemphasising that the bharatiya janata party (bjp)s ideology and thoughts, and not the legacy of any family, brought it to its current politically dominant position, prime minister narendramodi asked his partys lawmakers on saturday to remain connected with the bjp and not forget their contribution in making them ministers and parliamentarians.
;;0.5994;;the bjp is, however, contesting these elections with the promise that a new dispensation under guidance of prime minister narendramodi will deliver on the promises.
;;0.6124;;at peeda, apart from land consolidation, migration and other local issues, maharajs speech is focused on prime minister narendramodi and how demonetisation has reduced stone pelting at security forces in jammu and kashmir in addition to having demoralised the naxalites.
;;0.8957;;prime minister narendramodi has asked the countrys top police officers to focus on foot-patrolling to deal with crimes effectively and win the peoples confidence.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi on monday alleged that telugu desam party president and andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu had indulged in stealing of personal data of the people of the telugu states for his political gains.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi has been honoured with russias highest state decoration, the order of st andrew the apostle.
;;0.6549;;senior rjd abdul bari siddiqui questioned as to why the centre prime minister narendramodi had not taken cognizance of the flood and drought situation in bihar so far, implying that bjp- led nda government at the centre should have been more proactive in giving central assistance to bihar.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi modis strong will power has made it possible.
;;-0.6249;;he had taken twitter by the storm two days ago, when he broke down and the prime minister narendramodi consoled him just six hours after isro lost communication with the vikram lander.
;;0.8481;;indiaupdated: aug 30, 2019 00:04 istprime minister narendramodi on thursday said indians should make fitness a part of their daily lifestyle because the key to keeping india ahead is healthy people, healthy family and healthy society.
;;0.0;;leader of opposition in bihar assembly tejashwi yadav on sunday rebuffed prime minister narendramodi modis assertion of belonging to an ati-pichhda (most backward) caste, insisting that he saw this coming from the pm a week ago.
;;0.5719;;add to it the rlds base among the jats in western up, and strategists thought they had the perfect answer to prime minister narendramodi modis chemistry with the electorate: arithmetic.
;;0.2263;;at least three union ministers ht spoke to said mukherjees relationship with prime minister narendramodi remained warm.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi modis advice to his leaders, asking them not to seek poll tickets for their relatives notwithstanding, leaders in the mumbai bharatiya janata party, including mp kirit somaiya and state minister vidya thakur, have ensured their sons get tickets.
;;0.34;;he was later made security adviser by the then gujarat chief minister narendramodi in 2002.
;;-0.8999;;prime minister narendramodi modis electoral victory has been extraordinary despite the oppositions attacks on him on various issues: farmers distress, youth unemployment, poor implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), demonetisation, lynchings, hindutva, assault on institutions, media gagging, intimidation of intellectuals, tampering of electronic voting machines, politicisation of the armed forces and the rafale deal.
;;-0.2023;;tej bahadur yadav, the bsf jawan who was sacked for his video complaining about the food in 2017, will be the sp-bsp alliance candidate against prime minister narendramodi from varanasi.
;;-0.8481;;over the last several weeks, bjp leaders including prime minister narendramodi have been hurling many darts at the congress over its response to major terror attacks, contrasting indias response after the 26/11 mumbai attacks and the pulwama.
;;-0.6486;;the union budget was meant for the poor, and aimed at boosting small businesses and farm incomes and weeding out illegal cash holdings, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday.
;;-0.296;;after getting no respite on the fee hike issue, gurgaon parents have now tried to draw the attention of prime minister narendramodi through his monthly radio address mann ki baat.
;;0.2263;;most of the union ministers, and even prime minister narendramodi , were actively involved in canvassing for the bjp in these five states, especially in the countrys most populous state up, at a time when the impact of demonetisation threatened to unravel indias growth story.
;;0.0;;the final phase of polling in up on wednesday covers 40 assembly seats across seven districts, but the focus is on prime minister narendramodi modis home turf varanasi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and other union ministers have made frequent visits to the state and a lot of focus has been given on implementation of the central schemes in odisha.
;;0.743;;blackman, in his letter, also noted that prime minister narendramodi modis democratically elected government is perfectly entitled to implement its own election manifesto which explicitly proposed these constitutional changes to articles 370 and 35a.
;;0.0;;in kolkata, a muslim cleric known for announcing fatwas against political leaders including prime minister narendramodi and author salman rushdie, made a counter-offer of rs 22 lakh for the bjp youth wing leaders head.
;;-0.25;;a week after prime minister narendramodi modis proposed visit to the shrine was cancelled, congress leader and former chief minister harish rawat on sunday begun trekking to the shrine.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi will on friday evening hold discussions with officials who have been put in charge of the countrys 115 most backward districts to set the agenda for developing these areas by 2022, officials of the government think tank niti aayog said.
;;-0.3612;;he argued that the partys 2014 debacle should not be taken into consideration as the vote was for prime minister narendramodi and not even for the bjp.
;;0.0;;this was followed up during prime minister narendramodi modis us visit in 2016, when the two countries announced in a joint statement the start of preparatory work on site in india for six ap 1000 reactors to be built by westinghouse.
;;0.9287;;the bharatiya janata party won stunning election victories in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand on saturday, a personal triumph for prime minister narendramodi that could now ensure his partys near-domination of politics in india.
;;-0.7964;;a week after prime minister narendramodi visited pakistan an air force base in pathankot was attacked by at least five terrorists dressed in army-style clothing in the wee hours of saturday.
;;-0.4249;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday likened his campaign for this lok sabha election to a pilgrimage, saying it stood out from other polls as it was being fought by the people and not the party alone.
;;0.0;;on wednesday morning, prime minister narendramodi tweeted that the water level of the ssd, located in his home state of gujarat, has touched a historic 134 metres.
;;0.8176;;the group is inspired by prime minister narendramodi modis vision of building a strong india.
;;0.0;;even three years into power, prime minister narendramodi remains a vote magnet.
;;0.0;;the up elections are crucial for the bjp as they are being viewed as a mini-referendum on prime minister narendramodi modis major decisions like demonetisation and the surgical strikes across the border in pakistan.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi flew into the region several times, canvassing for votes promising development and a continuing crackdown on corruption.
;;0.6597;;chinas decision to temporarily back off from convincing india to join the belt and road initiative (bri) during the wuhan summit between prime minister narendramodi and president xi jinping could be based on carefully considered reasons.
