;;-0.4588;;this story is from november 5, 2018file photo of swami paramhans das (second from right) with other sadhus (photo pti)download the times of india news app for latest cityayodhya: swami paramhans das , mahant of tapaswi chawni temple in ayodhya, on sunday threatened self-immolation on december 6 if prime minister narendramodi and up chief minister yogi adityanath did not announce the date for the construction of ram temple by december 5.
;;0.7579;;new delhi: using his last speech in the 16th lok sabha to drive home benefits of a majority government, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said security in numbers led to distinct advantages on the international stage and faster decision making as compared to a disparate gathbandhan.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi and chinese president xi jinping looking on along the east lake, in wuhan (afp photo)the smile diplomacy can be successful, but only within certain limits, said june teufel dreyer, a university of miami political science professor and author of middle kingdom and empire of the rising sun -- a 2016 book on china-japan ties.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , during his recent visit to sri lanka, had announced that india's national carrier air india would begin direct flights between colombo and the holy city of varanasi.
;;0.2732;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah on friday asked party mps to reach out to the people to expose the lies of the opposition parties which have paralysed parliament for three weeks over various issues.
;;0.2023;;i request prime minister narendramodi and union sports minister rajyavardhan rathore to help me, said mohan's father rajendra parmar with tears rolling down his eyes.
;;0.6734;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday asked isro scientists not to get disheartened by the hurdles in the moon mission chandrayaan-2 and asserted that there will be a new dawn and better tomorrow.
;;-0.9349;;begusarai: prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that he shares the anger and anguish of every indian over the terrorist attack in pulwama.
;;-0.1779;;bokaro: prime minister narendramodi on monday said people who left their homes in jharkhand due to the terror of maoists years ago are returning home due the reassuring work on law and order and development done by the bjp government in the state and at the centre in the last five years.
;;0.7184;;pm modi (ani photo)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday announced that a grand museum dedicated to all the former prime ministers of the country will be built in delhi.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi said even before the budget that there should be affordable housing for everyone by 2022.
;;-0.2586;;(ap)mahasamund/ chhindwara : continuing his tirade against congress over appointment of someone outside of the nehru-gandhi family as party chief, prime minister narendramodi on sunday claimed that dalit leader sitaram kesri was not allowed to complete his term and was thrown out of office to the footpath to make way for sonia gandhi addressing an election rally on the last day of electioneering in chhattisgarh , the pm said four generations of gandhi family ruled the country but did nothing to help the people.
;;0.7269;;new delhi: stay fit, play games but do not forget the traditional sports, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday, highlighting the role of physical and mental fitness for all-round development.
;;-0.128;;jaipur: prime minister narendramodi on thursday will announce the expansion of ' beti bachao beti padhao ' (bbbp) programme from the existing 161 to 640 districts all over the country and launch the national nutrition mission on the occasion of international women's day, in jhujhunu recently, jhunjhunu attained a remarkable achievement from having the worst sex ratio at birth among rajasthan districts to attaining minimum gender gap.
;;0.7096;;new delhi: the government has been working to free the housing sector of corruption and middlemen to ensure people get their own houses without hassle, prime minister narendramodi said today.
;;-0.128;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday said access to medicines is a big concern for the poor and his government's constant endeavour is to ensure affordable healthcare for every indian.
;;0.2023;;52nd african development bank (afdb) meet in gujarat's gandhinagar +new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said that africa is top priority for india's foreign and economic policy and there isn't a single african country which hasn't been visited by an indian minister.
;;0.5106;;pm modi (ani photo)(with inputs from pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the first 100 days of new nda government have been of development, trust and big changes in the country.
;;0.6597;;once people of india decide to do something, there is no force that can prevent them from getting the desired results, said prime minister narendramodi emphasising how the commitment was fulfilled four years in advance.
;;0.2732;;co/zxakhm1ygg  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1563866825000new delhi: donald trump's stunning claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue triggered a massive political row on tuesday even as the government asserted that no such request was made to the us president and all issues will have to be resolved with islamabad bilaterally.
;;0.296;;this (agriculture) is an area where india and the bank can fruitfully join hands, prime minister narendramodi said while formally opening the 52nd african development bank's (afdb) annual event on tuesday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had told a goa delegation on february 7 that he would look for a resolution to restart mining operations.
;;0.0;;5 lakh jobs, prime minister narendramodi announced at the up investors summit here on wednesday.
;;0.0;;describing the two-day up investors summit as the foundation for building a new uttar pradesh, prime minister narendramodi said the corridor would open up development in the state by linking the agra, aligarh, jhansi and chitrakoot belts.
;;0.2023;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that centre was taking initiatives to develop infrastructure for buddhist tourism in an attempt to connect southeast asia to the important buddhist sites in the country.
;;0.5106;;before he spoke, prime minister narendramodi said he appreciates abdullahs work towards deradicalisation.
;;0.2732;;aurangabad ( maharashtra ): stating that the government is committed to improving the condition of the women through various means, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday that a new big mission has begun which directly affects all the women in the country.
;;-0.1531;;about 4 crore vehicles add to the existing ones anually and prime minister narendramodi has said if roads are not developed, it would create a problem, the minister added.
;;0.34;;the us president had on monday claimed that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir.
;;0.6705;;washington: president donald trump does not make up things, a top presidential advisor said on tuesday when asked about a question on his stunning claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, remarks which has been strongly refuted by india.
;;-0.9349;;begusarai: prime minister narendramodi said on sunday he shares the anger and anguish of every indian over the terrorist attack in which 40 crpf personnel were martyred at pulwama in jammu and kashmir last thursday.
;;0.5574;;chennai: a day after prime minister narendramodi said the bjp was open to aligning with old friends, in an apparent reference to every party in tamil nadu except the congress and the left parties, the dmk and the bjp got into a war of attrition on friday.
;;0.802;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the achievements of his government in 2018 will fill everyone with glory, and hoped the journey towards the path of development will continue into 2019 as well.
;;0.4215;;co/bbp432g4nt  shashi tharoor (@shashitharoor) 1563817293000washington: a furore erupted on monday as us president donald trump offering to mediate in the kashmir issue, claiming that prime minister narendramodi has asked him to help in the matter.
;;0.3818;;read morekobe: prime minister narendramodi said on thursday the ties between india and japan have become stronger from the time the two countries cooperated to make a car to coming together to manufacture the bullet trains.
;;-0.0;;majority of houses sanctioned under pmay scheme in the name of women: pm about 70  houses sanctioned under the pm awas yojana (pmay) for the poor are in the name of women, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday while linking his government's flagship programme to the dignity of people.
;;0.0;;one family either directly or indirectly ruled the country for 48 years, prime minister narendramodi had said in february while addressing a public meeting in puducherry while referring to the governments of jawaharlal nehru, indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi.
;;-0.872;;pmo india (@pmoindia) 1495596607000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday announced ex gratia of rs two lakh for the next of kin of each of those killed in a bus accident in uttarakhand my prayers and solidarity with those who lost their loved ones in the unfortunate bus accident in uttarkashi .
;;-0.2177;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday said buddhas teachings were very relevant to combat dominance of casteism and dynastic politics.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi asked culture minister mahesh sharma to ensure that all works on buddha and studies done by buddhist institutes were compiled and brought on a common platform through a web portal in a time-bound manner.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi has said the coming lok sabha election will be one between janata (people) and the opposition alliance (mahagathbandan).
;;0.4019;;co/zgxkwdsuf4  ani (@ani) 1520144658000tumakuru (karnataka): hailing the bharatiya janata party (bjp)'s victory in the north-east states' polls, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that radicalisation can only be answered through integration.
;;0.6705;;speaking in parliament in february, prime minister narendramodi had said he was pursuing mahatma gandhi's dream of a 'congress-mukt bharat' and accused the grand old party of eulogising the gandhi family when in power, at the cost of the country's development.
;;0.1027;;parrikar was the defence minister when prime minister narendramodi , during his visit to france in 2015, announced a government-to-government deal wherein government of india would acquire 36 rafale jets in fly-away condition as quickly as possible.
;;0.8484;;this story is from october 21, 2018new delhi: a national award in the name of netaji subhash chandra bose will be given every year to police personnel for excellent work in rescue and relief operations during any kind of disaster, prime minister narendramodi announced sunday.
;;-0.9652;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday that the lynching of a muslim man in jharkhand pained him and the guilty should be severely punished, while also stressing that it would be unfair to label the state a hub of mob violence as the law applied equally to incidents in all states.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi (reuters photo)prime minister narendramodi said that even those parties without president should send their representatives to the twin meetings.
;;0.0;;the indian government, however, dismissed president trump's astonishing claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate.
;;0.0258;;new delhi: in a late night announcement on monday, prime minister narendramodi said he will take a seaplane to travel from sabarmati river on tuesday morning to reach dharoi.
;;0.7184;;co/5kruhttosx  narendramodi (@narendramodi) 1568985774000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday said that his visit to the us from september 21 to 27 would present india as a vibrant land of opportunities.
;;0.2023;;quick edit:mumbai: prime minister narendramodi on saturday said the isro scientists will be undeterred by the setback on the chandrayaan-2 mission, and asserted the nation will achieve its goal of reaching the moon.
;;-0.8462;;pm modi speaking in rs (rstv/pti photo)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the lynching of a young man by a mob in jharkhand had pained him but said it was unfair to blame the entire state for it.
;;0.9136;;kathmandu: india is ready to be the sherpa to help nepal scale the mountain of success, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday, hailing the himalayan nation's successful journey from bullets to ballots.
;;0.6428;;new delhi: spreading negativity is fairly easy, but people must come together to make positivity viral, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday adding that collective efforts of the people have ensured that india achieved a lot in 2018.
;;0.8658;;davos: going beyond ease of doing business, prime minister narendramodi has said that the government is focusing on improving the ease of living for the common man, in what is seen as the latest slogan for better governance.
;;-0.5994;;this story is from november 1, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citykevadiya (narmada): prime minister narendramodi said here on wednesday that the 182 metre worlds tallest statue - statue of unity- packed a potential to catapult narmada district on to the global tourism map.
;;-0.4404;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said it would be a big mistake to think that pakistan would start behaving after just one surgical strike operation, underlining that it will take a long time to rein in indias western neighbour.
;;-0.4588;;puducherry: puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy on saturday said it was unfortunate that prime minister narendramodi did not announce any development scheme for the union territory, during his recent visit here.
;;0.0258;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi said on monday that the ' ujjwala yojna ', a flagship welfare scheme of his government aimed at increasing lpg cylinder coverage among poor families, has led to a social transformation with over 45 per cent of its four crore beneficiaries being dalits and tribals.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi claimed in davos that he was elected by 600 crore people when the population of india is 130 crore.
;;0.4215;;this story is from december 13, 2018prime minister narendramodi (reuters)new delhi: lives of around 840 more children under five years of age are being saved every day, as compared to four years ago because of government-led health interventions, prime minister narendramodi said while inaugurating a global conference on maternal and child health in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.8658;;prime minister narendramodi says the private sector must continue to believe in the india story, assuring that he will do his best to make india a better place to do business.
;;0.0;;nagpur: prime minister narendramodi may have claimed that all villages in the country have got electrified but state discom msedcl says this target will be achieved in the state only by the year end.
;;0.0;;paris: prime minister narendramodi on friday said india will achieve most of the cop 21 climate change goals set for 2030 in the next one and half years.
;;0.6925;;ani photonew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday said an active opposition is important in a parliamentary democracy and they need not bother about their numbers but speak actively and participate in house proceedings.
;;0.3612;;patna: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked bihar deputy cm sushil kumar modi whether his sons marriage was sloemnised peacefully or not as rjd chief lalu prasads son tej pratap yadav had threatened to create nuisance during the ceremony.
;;0.4588;;during his address, prime minister narendramodi said from stage that he was informed by chief minister jai ram thakur about the incident and all those who had suffered injuries would be given good treatment, free of cost.
;;-0.9607;;london: amid a nationwide outrage over the kathua and unnao rape cases, prime minister narendramodi today said rape is rape and should not be politicised.
;;-0.25;;later, the minister also brushed aside the objections of the bjp to the ysrc governments move to cancel contracts, saying, prime minister narendramodi himself said chandrababu naidu used polavaram project as an atm.
;;0.5023;;co/77ycayrajs  niti aayog (@nitiaayog) 1560596782000new delhi: the goal of making india a $5 trillion economy by 2024 is challenging, but achievable with the concerted efforts of states, prime minister narendramodi said at the fifth meeting of niti aayog 's governing council in the national capital on saturday.
;;0.7269;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked the party bjp mps to hold padayatras in their constituencies engaging with eminent citizens from each booth and spread mahatma gandhi 's vision on the rural economy.
;;0.4019;;kampala: india is emerging as a global manufacturing and start-up hub and many of the 'made-in-india' products, including cars and smart phones, are today exported to nations from whom the country used to import, prime minister narendramodi said today.
;;0.8658;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi today asked youngsters to join the 'swachh bharat summer internship 2018' launched by his government and announced incentives, including credit point by the ugc, for participants, saying it is an opportunity for those who want to make a change in the society.
;;-0.4019;;pm modi (file photo)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday said when space is created for a dialogue, the room for conflict disappears.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi has previously said that the court process will need to play out before any other initiative on the temple can be considered.
;;0.0;;bengaluru re-elected congress' k j george, roshan baig and na haris, who prime minister narendramodi said were defaming bengaluru and bjp national president amit shah had pledged to rid the city of.
;;0.3182;;jaisalmer: on the occasion of 20th anniversary of two nuclear tests that were conducted in pokhran field firing range on may 11 and 13, 1998, prime minister narendramodi has asked people to celebrate it as yuva shaurya shakti diwas.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said the government was working to bring 50  of the country's crop area under a new insurance scheme in 2018-19 and would complete 50 of 99 targeted irrigation projects by end of this year and the remaining by next year.
;;0.7717;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday said his four-nation tour of germany, spain, russia and france beginning tomorrow is aimed at boosting india's economic engagement with these nations and inviting more investment.
;;-0.9794;;mathura: recalling the horrific 9/11 terrorist attack in the us, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday that terrorism has now become a global threat and an ideology not confined to any single nation and is deeply rooted and flourishing in pakistan now terrorism has become an ideology which is not confined to the boundary of any nation.
;;0.6249;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi asked nda leaders to works towards creating an environment in favour of holding simultaneous lok sabha and assembly polls , a bjp ally said after a meeting of the ruling alliance.
;;0.4019;;bengaluru: prime minister narendramodi on friday said india is now moving forward from women development to women-led development, and women first was the mantra of his government and the party.
;;0.0;;(file photo)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi modi's radio programme  mann ki baat  will resume on june 30 at 11:00 am, narendramodi said on saturday.
;;-0.8462;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi said on thursday that the fight against terror should not be seen as a war against islam or muslims but against a mindset that promotes extremism and hatred.
;;0.5994;;this story is from october 29, 2018afp phototokyo: india is going through a massive transformative phase and international agencies say the country will drive the growth of the global economy in the coming decade, prime minister narendramodi said monday as he invited the indian community in japan to contribute actively in building a new india.
;;-0.2732;;washington: a lone donald trump aide insisted on tuesday that the president doesnt make up things when asked about the u.s presidents claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, even as officials on both sides sought to tide over the gaffe.
;;0.4019;;ranchi: prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the nda government had shown, within the first 100 days of its second term, the will and determination to send the corrupt where they belong.
;;0.7783;;sushma swaraj ji was one of her kind, who was a source of inspiration for crores of people, prime minister narendramodi said in a series of tweets.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi said india stands by the people of the island nation and that ships are being rushed with relief material.
;;0.0;;the schemes announced on friday will have impact on at least 12 crore families of small farmers, pm narendramodi claimed.
;;0.0516;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi had claimed that no government has done more for dalits that bjp while up government said that 25 district magistrates and seven divisional commissioners are from sc or obc categories, making up 33  and 39  of the total posts, respectively.
;;-0.6705;;varanasi/new delhi: in what appeared to be a dig at the opposition, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked people to give the right punishment at the right time to those who mocked the countrys first semi high-speed train, vande bharat express , and the governments make in india programme.
;;-0.0;;new delhi: about 70  houses sanctioned under the pm awas yojana pmay ) for the poor are in the name of women, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday while linking his government's flagship programme to the dignity of people.
;;-0.6801;;karamjit singh, a resident of gulmohar trends society , said after prime minister narendramodi said that any kind of grievance can be submitted on the mann ki baat portal, a complaint was made there too.
;;0.3182;;agra: hitting out at congress , prime minister narendramodi said that the party uses lies for political gains and it is seasonal.
;;0.6476;;jammu: prime minister narendramodi told me to make jammu and kashmir so prosperous that the people of pakistan occupied kashmir ( pok ) would want to come and settle here, governor satya pal malik said on saturday.
;;0.7269;;earlier in the day, prime minister narendramodi said hardworking fraternity of chartered accountants has been furthering the culture of honesty and better corporate governance in the society.
;;0.8807;;prime minister narendramodi in a special message said that observing the vaisakhi festival abroad is a glowing sign of the traditions and the values that the sikh community continues to cherish.
;;0.34;;sco summit +modi will hold bilateral meetings +excited to lead delegation for india's first-ever sco summit as a full member, says pm modi ahead of the two-day shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit beginning tomorrow in china, prime minister narendramodi on friday said he was excited to lead the indian delegation for the grouping's first-ever meeting with the country as a full member.
;;0.6486;;nashik: prime minister narendramodi on thursday said that his government will make efforts to ensure there is access to clean drinking water in each and every household across the country in an apparent reference to the jal jeevan mission.
;;-0.4939;;new delhi: a day after prime minister narendramodi said in an interview that there were no allegations against him personally in the rafale deal, congress president rahul gandhi said this is not the case and emphasised that it was the pm alone who needs to answer questions about the deal.
;;0.0;;co/4knpsycrhn  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1567140449000new delhi: there must be enough civility in public life for differing streams to be able to hear each others point of view, prime minister narendramodi said on friday.
;;0.4019;;shah said that prime minister narendramodi has asked aicc president rahul gandhi to step aside and make someone else the leader of the party.
;;0.6705;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday released a commemorative coin with face value of rs 100 ahead of the birth anniversary of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee the coin, prime minister narendramodi said, is a small effort to show the governments respect to the former prime minister, whose life is a message for all of us.
;;0.0;;bengaluru chose the infamous trio of kj george roshan baig and na haris , that prime minister narendramodi said were defaming bengaluru.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi on november 8, 2016, announced a ban on then in use rs 1000 and rs 500 denomination bank notes with immediate effect.
;;0.0;;read moreread full article:new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday asked people to make yoga an integral part of their lives and urged them to take part in the international yoga day celebrations on june 21.
;;0.0;;download the times of india news app for latest citymysuru: it was the heritage city for years before prime minister narendramodi announced the swachh bharat scheme around five years ago.
;;0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi had announced interest subsidy for two categories of middle income groups (migs) in urban areas with annual income of up to rs 18 lakh, which came into effect from january 2017.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had said in 2015 that all unorganized sector workers would get minimum wages.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi himself has said this.
;;0.3612;;the state has been unrest since prime minister narendramodi had announced to bring in the cab to grant indian citizenship to non-muslim from bangladesh, pakistan and afghanistan who had entered india before december 31, 2014.
;;0.5859;;new delhi: days after seeking to address concerns related to angel tax, prime minister narendramodi on friday said policy-makers should look at start-ups and the new economy with a fresh eye and advised greater sensitivity.
;;0.7845;;prime minister narendramodi , who watched the live telecast of the launch, said: special moments that will be etched in the annals of our glorious history.
;;-0.6369;;mathura: prime minister narendramodi said here on wednesday that it is unfortunate that some people feel that the country will get back to 16th century no sooner they hear the word om and cow.
;;-0.8612;;new delhi: the army has resolved to wipe out terrorists and their harbourers following the pulwama attack , prime minister narendramodi said sunday, asserting that thewill keep inspiring us relentlessly to uproot the very base of terrorism .
;;0.0;;trump, who is known to make inaccurate statements, had claimed that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has asked him to visit flood-hit areas and submit a report.
;;0.4939;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi , while delivering the keynote address, said that data is the real wealth.
;;0.0;;paris: the first rafale aircraft will be handed over to india next month, said prime minister narendramodi here on thursday.
;;0.1027;;madurai: prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the centre's aim is to make tamil nadu a preferred hub for aerospace and defence industries in the country.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi said that in the last two years - since president donald trump has assumed office - american exports to india have grown by 50 per cent and it is perhaps one of the countries, perhaps the only one, of the top 10 countries with which the us has a trade deficit where the deficit has actually reduced last year and is on course to further reduce this year, gokhale said.
;;-0.2732;;this story is from november 12, 2018representative imagebengaluru: barely 90 days after prime minister narendramodi announced a human spaceflight mission isro ) has begun the process of drawing up a shortlist of experiments it will conduct in the low earth orbit (leo), where it intends to send indian astronauts (gaganauts).
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi has previously said that the court process will need to play out before any other initiative on the temple can be considered.
;;0.4215;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said the government had given loan to 12 crore beneficiaries under the mudra yojna , totalling rs 5.
;;0.4019;;ahmedabad/bhabhar: a day ahead of the gujarat assembly elections, prime minister narendramodi asked congress to choose between ram mandir and babri masjid and also explain why the party was linking hearings in the ram janmabhoomi case with the 2019 lok sabha polls.
;;0.3818;;vladivostok: prime minister narendramodi on thursday said india will walk shoulder-to-shoulder with russia in its development of the far east and announced a $1 billion line of credit for the development of the resource-rich region.
;;0.0;;in nashik on wednesday, prime minister narendramodi said the decision to revoke provisions under article 370 was a decision for india's unity.
;;-0.7003;;our daughters will get justice, culprits won't be spared: pm modi on rape cases breaking his silence on the unnao and kathua rape cases, prime minister narendramodi today said: no culprit will be spared, complete justice will be done.
;;0.4404;;speaking during the supplementary budget debate in the state legislative assembly, adityanath said prime minister narendramodi had asked the state to accept the challenge.
;;0.7351;;during the last mann ki baat speech of this year, prime minister narendramodi said, im saying it with pride that it was collective efforts that made the swachch bharat mission a successful campaign.
;;0.7184;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday that a grand museum dedicated to all his predecessors will be built in the capital even as he took a dig at congress for trying to erase memories of all former prime ministers who didn't belong to the nehru-gandhi clan.
;;0.0;;pti photomumbai: a day after prime minister narendramodi asked loudmouths to refrain from making statements on the ram temple issue while the judicial process is on, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on friday said his party's stand on the issue mirrored sentiments of hindus.
;;0.8934;;singapore: describing the indo-pacific as a natural region, prime minister narendramodi has said that india's armed forces, especially the navy, are building and expanding partnerships in the strategically vital region for peace and security as well as humanitarian assistance.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi has announced roll out of several initiatives to get rid of single use plastic (sup) and the government has shared a detailed action plan for all ministries to achieve this goal.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi had said that after demonetisation, terrorism will stop but it has not happened.
;;0.7003;;co/y6pufijdkw  pmo india (@pmoindia) 1524249472000berlin: prime minister narendramodi on friday night said he had a wonderful meeting with german chancellor angela merkel and discussed multiple aspects relating to bilateral cooperation as well as other global issues.
;;0.4019;;he mentioned that even prime minister narendramodi has said that political parties are the most corrupt in country.
;;0.1665;;new delhi: there is nothing wrong about raising aspirations and expectations as this is an expression of faith and a negative atmosphere is not conducive to achievement, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday in response to a students question on how he dealt with the weight of public expectation.
;;0.3612;;read morevladivostok: prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the sanctions imposed by the us on russia have no effect on india bolstering cooperation with moscow in strategic sectors like energy and defence.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi recently announced the nal se jal scheme which aims to ensure piped safe drinking water for every household in next five years.
;;0.3612;;new delhi, feb 27 () pitching for foreign investments, prime minister narendramodi today said india is one of the most open economies in the world and is ready to do business with the world.
;;0.4404;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday asked the railways to focus on punctuality of trains and to make the journey safe for passengers.
;;0.7783;;co/fcvmkazw89  narendramodi (@narendramodi) 1568436102000new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday said the hindi language has beautifully incorporated simplicity, spontaneity and elegance that provide meaningfulness to expression.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi during his recent visit to the diamond city had announced construction of water aerodromes in tapi for seaplane services connecting surat with statue of unity (sou) under udan-3 scheme.
;;-0.4404;;the indian government has denied trump's astonishing claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate.
;;0.6678;;qingdao: prime minister narendramodi today said only 6 per cent of foreign tourists in india are from the sco countries and this number could easily be doubled as he underlined the need to boost tourism among members of the grouping.
;;0.6486;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday said asia has emerged as a promising region for media businesses and offers opportunities for international cooperation.
;;0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday said isro scientists, despite the hurdle faced on friday night, would soon ensure that india reaches the moon successfully in near future.
;;0.4767;;meanwhile, pm narendramodi announced a relief of rs 1 lakh for the victim's family while the delhi government decided to give rs 5 lakh.
;;0.8807;;ujjwala scheme +10 crore new lpg connections +new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday said munshi premchands celebrated short story idgah inspired him to launch the, under which over 4 crore families have got free lpg connections since its launch from ballia in up in 2016.
;;-0.4767;;ahmedabad: unleashing a scathing attack at the opposition during a poll campaign in palanpur, prime minister narendramodi on sunday claimed that congress leaders had held a secret meeting with pakistani envoy and foreign minister of the neighbouring country before mani shankar aiyar had called him a neech person.
;;0.34;;surat: referring to the recent study by london-based oxford economics that surat will be the fastest growing city in the world through 2035, prime minister narendramodi said that the future belongs to surat and other nine fastest growing cities of india.
;;0.3612;;minister dharmendra pradhan and cm yogi at city gas distribution programme on mondaycentre uses ujjawala to reach out to mbcsthe announcement comes a fortnight after prime minister narendramodi announced the setting up of a commission to examine the possibility of giving reservation within quota to mbcs.
;;0.875;;prime minister narendramodi (afp photo)new delhi: after statue of unity in gujarat was included in time magazine's 'world's 100 greatest places of 2019' list, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said that he is glad that it is emerging as a popular tourist spot.
;;0.0;;bengaluru: prime minister narendramodi on thursday said bengaluru represents hindustan on the world stage and said the development of karnataka's capital is his government's utmost priority.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minster narendramodi on friday said that the government has set a target of setting up 12,500 ayush centres across india, 4000 of which will be set up this year.
;;0.1027;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the government is taking several steps to promote young entrepreneurs in the country, adding that startups are no longer confined to big cities.
;;0.0;;will you come with me, narendramodi asked m karunanidhi.
;;-0.8271;;new delhi: breaking his silence on the kathua and unnao rape cases, prime minister narendramodi on friday said the incidents had shamed the nation and no offender would be spared as the government was committed to ensuring that victims of the crimes received full justice.
;;0.0;;pti photoaurangabad: prime minister narendramodi on saturday said rs 3.
;;0.2732;;vladivostok: india is committed to becoming a $5 trillion economy by 2024, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday at the eastern economic forum (eef) summit hosted by russian president vladimir putin.
;;-0.6486;;the dycm, while inaugurating the garib kalyan mela, said, prime minister narendramodi has said that no poor person will be homeless in 2022.
;;0.8689;;pm narendramodi said, indias pride, a champion who has brought home a gold and lots of glory.
;;0.6597;;new delhi: on a day when congress president rahul gandhi appointed his younger sister, priyanka, party general secretary, prime minister narendramodi said bjp is the only party that remains democratic while others have been reduced to family fiefs.
;;0.6369;;session of the sco summit +qingdao: prime minister narendramodi said today that connectivity with the neighbourhood and in the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) region is india's priority as he stressed that his country was committed to extend full cooperation to a successful outcome of the summit.
;;0.3753;;prime minister narendramodi says the dreams of the gorkha community are mine, yet the dreams have not been fulfilled, he said, referring to the demand for a separate state.
;;0.6369;;bengaluru: a day after his predecessor manmohan singh expressed concern over the dipping growth of economy in the country, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday claimed that indias economy is flourishing under his leadership, besides contributing significantly to the growth of the world economy.
;;0.4019;;the thirdnew delhi: addressing an election rally in karnataka's tumakuru, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said the janata dal (secular) is working towards saving the congress party in the upcoming assembly elections.
;;0.6808;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday said that governors have a pivotal role in ensuring welfare of tribal communities in states with significant population of sts, in what appeared to be an allusion to the much-ignored constitutional arrangement which gives raj bhavans a special place in the administration of scheduled areas.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi himself said naidu used polavaram as an atm.
;;0.8689;;on tuesdayon mondayvijayapura/koppal: prime minister narendramodi said the congress had lost faith in its chief rahul gandhis ability to win elections, and has roped in his mother, sonia gandhi , to at least save its candidates deposits.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi on november 8, 2016, announced a ban on then in use rs 1000 and rs 500 denomination bank notes with immediate effect.
;;0.0;;stockholm: india is going through a period of change and the government in the last four years has worked towards building a developed and inclusive country, prime minister narendramodi said here tonight.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: pm narendramodi on friday announced that india would contribute rs 4,500 crore to bhutans 12th five-year economic plan after a meeting with visiting bhutanese pm lotay tshering, a significant outreach with an important neighbour who occupies a strategic geography between india and china.
;;0.7351;;new delhi: describing his visit to nepal as a reaffirmation of his government's neighbourhood first policy, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the engagement reflects the high priority he attaches to the age-old and friendly ties with the himalayan nation.
;;0.4005;;pm modi with shinjo abe (r) (ani photo)kobe: prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the bilateral strategic ties between india and japan will become more robust as india aims to be a $5 trillion economy in the next five years.
;;0.743;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi told bjps newly elected mps that they should work hard and improve their constituencies so that they are not dependent on his name and credentials to win in the 2024 elections.
;;-0.8852;;vadodara: prime minister narendramodi , addressing a public rally here on sunday night, asked his predecessor manmohan singh why did he not show the courage to order a surgical strike post the 26/11 mumbai terror attack, despite the readiness of the army.
;;0.4939;;tokyo: prime minister narendramodi on monday asked japanese businessmen to engage more with india as he interacted with top business leaders from the two countries at a forum here.
;;0.7783;;co/zorduhtrys  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1516624984000davos: prime minister narendramodi told top ceos that india means business and presents an exciting opportunity for global businesses.
;;0.5859;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said the opposition hype that bjp will fall short of 200 seats in the 2019 lok sabha polls is just a ploy to win over potential allies for their gatbandhan.
;;0.4404;;(photo via twitter@pmoindia)abu dhabi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday said political stability and predictable policy framework have made india an attractive investment destination.
;;0.0516;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday said 10 crore lpg connections including 4 crore free to poor women, were given in last four years, compared to 13 crore in six decades since independence, as his government stepped up efforts to shield women and children from kitchen smoke.
;;0.8176;;ranchi: prime minister narendramodi said at a rally in ranchi on thursday that the overwhelming mandate had ensured that his government had the numbers to take strong decisions like getting the triple talaq bill passed and nullifying articles 370 and 35a that guaranteed special status to j&k.
;;0.7096;;pti photonew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on saturday said bjp drew strength from its ideology and not the legacy of one family and urged party lawmakers to remain connected with the grass-root workers who contributed to their becoming ministers and mps.
;;-0.6369;;on wednesday, prime minister narendramodi had said that it is unfortunate that some people feel that the country will get back to 16th century no sooner they hear the word om and cow.
;;-0.7579;;prime minister narendramodi had recently told us vice-president mike pence that the planners of the 26/11 terror attack had been mainstreamed in pakistan, the reference was to lashkar putting up candidates in recent elections to the national assembly there.
;;-0.8167;;osaka: prime minister narendramodi on friday said that terrorism is the biggest threat to humanity which not only kills innocents but also severely affects the economic development and social stability.
;;0.5106;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi , speaking on behalf of the country, told isro scientists that the entire nation stands with them and expressed confidence that the space agency will go on to achieve many milestones in the future.
;;0.7184;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said he would reinforce india's strong support to reformed multilateralism at the g20 summit, crucial to preserve rule-based international order.
;;-0.1531;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday announced that india would raise its target for restoring degraded land from 21 million hectares to 26 million hectares by 2030.
;;0.4019;;new york: india's experience and capabilities in providing affordable healthcare is available for use to all developing countries, prime minister narendramodi told the first-ever high-level meeting on universal health coverage here on monday, underscoring that a healthy life is the right of every person.
;;0.34;;modinew delhi: pitching for development initiatives in jammu and kashmir , prime minister narendramodi on wednesday asked union ministers to work on schemes and projects for the region, and also called for engaging with officials and students from the state who are currently based in different parts of the country.
;;0.5106;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked bjp mps to nurse their constituency by playing a leading role in its development and advised them to take up a cause of human sensitivity like eradication of leprosy or tuberculosis, parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi told reporters.
;;0.0;;we have decided to meet prime minister narendramodi and railway minister very shorty, bjp spokesperson mir firasat ali baqri said.
;;0.8225;;ani photonew delhi: the government has made clear its intention to undertake reform measures to boost growth and highlighted the need to make the indian economy competitive, prime minister narendramodi told a group of economists and sectoral experts on saturday at a meeting ahead of the presentation of the union budget.
;;0.4404;;new delhi: pm narendramodi on monday asked bjp and its allies to make use of the last full session before lok sabha polls next year, saying their focus should be on making it beneficial for the government, country and people.
;;0.0;;on the industrial front, prime minister narendramodi announced 'make in india', 'startup india', 'digital india' and many more things.
;;0.4404;;guwahati: after prime minister narendramodi announced the centre's decision to name the dhola-sadiya bridge after bhupen hazarika, chief minister sarbananda sonowal on sunday announced his government's decision to set up a centre for showcasing art and culture of the northeast, which the legendary bard had popularized through his music, near the bridge.
;;0.0;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi , during a joint statement with russian president vladimir putin in the russian port city of vladivostok on wednesday, said that russia would train indian astronauts for the countrys maiden human spaceflight mission gaganyaan, scheduled for launch by 2021.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in his independence day speech had said that rs 100 lakh crore would be invested on infrastructure in the next five years and would include social and economic infrastructure projects.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi on november 8, 2016, announced a ban on then in use rs 1000 and rs 500 denomination bank notes with immediate effect.
;;0.9274;;prime minister narendramodi said he hoped that the festival will further the spirit of peace and happiness in the society.
;;-0.0258;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said that india and russia need to take advantage of the low production cost in india to produce military equipment under joint venture framework at cheaper rates for the third-world nations.
;;0.6734;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday asked isro scientists not to get disheartened by the hurdles in the moon mission chandrayaan-2 and asserted that there will be a new dawn and better tomorrow.
;;0.4215;;washington: us president donald trump on monday stepped into the india-pakistan diplomatic minefield, offering to mediate in the kashmir issue between the two sides and claiming that prime minister narendramodi has also asked him to help in the matter.
;;0.34;;manama: prime minister narendramodi on saturday said the rupay card will soon be launched in bahrain after india and the gulf nation signed a mou to allow the indian expatriates hassle-free money transfer at cheaper costs.
;;-0.891;;last month, prime minister narendramodi said that a lynching incident in jharkhand has pained him and the guilty must be severely punished.
;;-0.2263;;ahmedabad: prime minister narendramodi while speaking at a public meeting in kalol asked the congress and its senior leaders to clarify whether they are advocating for ram temple or babri masjid for the last two days, a top congress leader and an illustrious lawyer who fights anyones case has been speaking (on ram temple case).
;;0.8555;;gandhidham: if india wants to cement its position in world trade and make maximum gains from the current global economic situation , it is a must that it has efficient ports that have best infrastructure, prime minister narendramodi said here on monday.
;;0.6728;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday said almost every conversation he has with a world leader starts with yoga and there is scarcely any dignitary who has not spent five-10 minutes discussing the wellness regime with him.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 14, 2018new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said that financial inclusion has become a reality for 1.
;;-0.6908;;in a tweet, prime minister narendramodi said: saddened by the loss of lives due to storms in some parts of the country.
;;-0.4215;;in february this year, prime minister narendramodi had announced to set up aiims at manethi in rewari district at a programme held in kurukshetra and the provision of budget of rs 1,300 crore for aiims in manethi has also been made in the interim budget presented in lok sabha but the forest department has refused to allot the marked space for aiims.
;;-0.5095;;in his tweet, prime minister narendramodi said, the incident is extremely tragic.
;;-0.25;;according to information accessed from the registrar of companies (roc), in the year after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation , at least 11,286 companies have been struck off, the fifth most in the country after delhi and maharashtra, andhra pradesh-telangana and tamil nadu.
;;0.0;;during solih's visit, prime minister narendramodi said there are infinite possibilities between the two neighbours.
;;0.1027;;tonk: listing out flagship programmes of his government, prime minister narendramodi in his address at tonk on saturday said that it is now believed that modi hai toh mumkin hai.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi digitally announced the launch of the hubs at sher-e-kashmir international convention centre (skicc), srinagar , on sunday.
;;0.6705;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi said on sunday said that in order to see the beauty and understand people of the country, there can be no better teacher than tourism.
;;0.5719;;new delhi: power is like oxygen for some people with restlessness setting in if they are out of it for even two or five years, prime minister narendramodi said on monday while taking a jibe at the opposition but without naming anybody or any party.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on sunday told floor leaders of different political parties in the parliament to keep political differences aside and not disrupt the functioning of the two houses.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , who watched the launch live on television, said the event will be etched in the annals of history.
;;0.34;;kumar also played down the controversy over us president donald trump 's claim that prime minister narendramodi asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, saying it is time to move on.
;;0.6869;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on friday said india has rich literature, dating back to thousands of years, on the cures for serious illnesses but the country has had little success in linking this ancient knowledge with modernity.
;;-0.5994;;new delhi: hinting that the government is not considering an early ordinance to facilitate construction of the ram temple in ayodhya, prime minister narendramodi said the judicial process should take its own course even as he blamed previous congress governments for stalling a resolution.
;;0.3818;;(ani)talks with russian president vladimir putin on wednesdaytwo-hour tete-a-tete on board a shipvladivostok: india and russia are against outside influence in the internal matters of any nation, prime minister narendramodi said afterduring which they discussed ways to bolster cooperation in trade and investment, oil and gas, nuclear energy, defence, space and maritime connectivity.
;;-0.743;;this story is from october 21, 2018new delhi: in a veiled attack on the nehru-gandhi family, prime minister narendramodi said sunday that to keep one family above the rest, efforts were made to forget the contributions leaders such as sardar vallabhbhai patel , bhim rao ambedkar and subhash chandra bose made in the independence struggle.
;;0.7556;;(photo courtesy: doordarshan)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday said an active opposition is important in a parliamentary democracy and they need not bother about their numbers but speak actively and participate in house proceedings.
;;-0.5789;;new delhi: the entire map of rural india on a government website turned green indicating the end of open defecation , as soon as prime minister narendramodi announced in his historic houston event that the country had rid itself of this shameful age-old habit.
;;-0.0258;;new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said victory and defeat are integral part of life and he accepts the verdict of the assembly polls with humility.
