;;-0.836;;express photo by mohsin kalbeaddressing a poll rally in gonda on friday, prime minister narendramodi said the derailment of the indore-patna express in kanpur dehat on november 20 last year, in which 150 people were killed, was a conspiracy hatched across the border.
;;-0.1779;;on november 8 last year, prime minister narendramodi announced that notes of rs 1000 and rs 500 would no longer be legal tender.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had earlier said that the government wants to build consensus for the passage of these bills.
;;-0.765;;in a veiled attack on congress general secretary rahul gandhi,chief minister narendramodi on monday said criticising a leader like anna hazare is improper and an insult to him.
;;0.6486;;trump said prime minister narendramodi has asked him to help ease tensions between the two neighbouring countries on the disputed kashmir region and that he would love to be a mediator, reuters reported.
;;0.0;;in his independence day speech last year, prime minister narendramodi announced permanent commission for women in all branches of the army.
;;0.0;;b'last year, prime minister narendramodi asked niti aayog to study all reports regarding setting up of foreign universities and the reasons on why it could not move forward.
;;0.0;;last year, prime minister narendramodi asked niti aayog to study all reports regarding setting up of foreign universities and the reasons on why it could not move forward.
;;0.0;;last year, prime minister narendramodi asked niti aayog to study all reports regarding setting up of foreign universities and the reasons on why it could not move forward.
;;0.3089;;(source: ap photo)the world has increasingly become inter-connected and inter-dependent, a transformation that has made it necessary for india and china to cooperate on trade and investments despite a simmering border dispute, prime minister narendramodi said on friday.
;;0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday told a bjp parliamentary party meeting he will not take rest nor will let others while party chief amit shah asked leaders to prepare for the next challenge ahead.
;;0.6908;;(file photo) prime minister narendramodi on thursday told a bjp parliamentary party meeting he will not take rest nor will let others while party chief amit shah asked leaders to prepare for the next challenge ahead.
;;0.6908;;(file photo)setting the tone for the 2019 lok sabha polls, prime minister narendramodi on thursday told a bjp parliamentary party meeting he will not take rest nor will let others while party chief amit shah asked leaders to prepare for the next challenge ahead.
;;-0.743;;(the canadian press via ap)prime minister narendramodi has announced several key initiatives taken by his government in the area of nuclear security and non-proliferation, including countering nuclear smuggling and deployment of technology to deter nuclear terrorism.
;;0.5267;;chief minister narendramodi on thursday announced to extend cooperation in setting up a special taiwan industrial park near ahmedabad,in a time-bound manner.
;;-0.6136;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said india cannot bring peace alone and requires the support of its neighbours on the issue of terrorism.
;;-0.9571;;in his first remarks after a muslim man died after being attacked by a mob in jharkhand, prime minister narendramodi said wednesday that he was saddened by the incident and the guilty must be severely punished.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi said kalikho puls service to arunachal pradesh will be remembered.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) pm narendramodi said kalikho puls service to arunachal pradesh will be remembered.
;;-0.6808;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on friday in varanasi said that, he faces attack from different corners every day because his government has removed the role of mediators in providing benefit of government schemes to poor and needy people.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi , who chaired an all-party meeting friday on the kashmir unrest, told the attendees that pakistan-occupied-kashmir is also part of jammu and kashmir.
;;0.8979;;as prime minister narendramodi said that india is poised to contribute as the new engine of global growth, about a dozen us congressmen  including nancy pelosi, john mccain and energy secretary ernest moniz  praised him at a grand reception hosted by the us-india business council tuesday evening.
;;0.4983;;the residents of villages affected by the proposed mandal-becharaji special investment region (mb-sir),mainly in surendranagar and ahmedabad districts,have resolved to revive their protests against the project if chief minister narendramodi does not announce its withdrawal in his independence day speech.
;;-0.7906;;prime minister narendramodi has announced a compensation of rs two lakh each to the next of kin of dead, and rs 50,000 to those injured.
;;0.5423;;(source: pmo/twitter)prime minister narendramodi today told his british counterpart theresa may there would be no dilution in the importance of the uk to india after it leaves the eu, as the two leaders agreed to infuse new energy into bilateral ties post-brexit.
;;0.8519;;in his meeting with pakistan prime minister imran khan at the white house, us president donald trump monday said that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir, and if i can help, i would love to be the mediator between india and pakistan.
;;-0.2211;;accusing the upa government of not being serious on national security, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the congress-led regime had in 2009 ignored the demand of 1.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi announced a development package of rs 220 crore for bodeli,a small town in vadodara district known for its large-scale cotton trade,at the sadbhavana fast here on friday.
;;0.4019;;chief minister narendramodi has asked the resident commissioner of gujarat in new delhi to start a gujarat helpline centre at delhi international airport and make special arrangements for food and boarding facilities at gujarat bhavan and also provide medical services if required.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi (file photo) pm narendramodi (file photo)both prime minister narendramodi and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath are pro-dalit, union minister vijay sampla, who is also the chief of bjps punjab unit, said monday.
;;0.4588;;lauding vikram sarabhais contribution to the indian space programme, prime minister narendramodi on monday said it will a tribute to him in the true sense when chandrayaan-2 lander, named vikram after the scientist, reaches the moon.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi had earlier announced that beneficiaries of the scheme would be provided interest subvention at the rate of 6.
;;0.0;;posty the the rio debacle, prime minister narendramodi announced setting up of a task force keeping in mind the next three olympics.
;;-0.128;;trying to strike a chord with migrants from bihar in an election year,chief minister narendramodi on sunday said that in the story of gujarats development,gujarati and bihari sweat cannot be separated because both are connected since long.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday announced setting up of a high-powered task force to bring structural reforms in agrarian sector in the country, said niti aayogs vice-chairman rajiv kumar.
;;0.3818;;seeking to rally the nation around the indian space research organisation (isro), prime minister narendramodi on saturday said there would be a new dawn and brighter tomorrow very soon.
;;0.2732;;(express/prem nath pandey)prime minister narendramodi on sunday said big business houses have started participating in the swachh bharat mission as they see an opportunity in turning waste into energy.
;;-0.4019;;hitting back at rivals, prime minister narendramodi on friday said their opposition to him is turning increasingly violent due to the fact that people born in backward castes are in the countrys top positions and also attributed their discomfort to bjps rising strength.
;;-0.3204;;(pti file photo)in a televised interview to a private news channel cnn news 18, prime minister narendramodi said that all those self-appointed guardians who were trying to create tension in the country did not like that modi is with the dalits.
;;-0.6808;;(source: pti photo)days after prime minister narendramodi asked the states to act against self-styled cow vigilante groups, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal tuesday warned those violating law on the pretext of cow protection of stern action.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the low-cost regional air connectivity scheme launched yesterday by him will benefit many small towns while catering to the middle class and the neo-middle class.
;;0.0997;;noting that the nda government is not afraid of taking tough decisions, prime minister narendramodi said that it is not a government of confusion.
;;0.0997;;noting that the nda government is not afraid of taking tough decisions, prime minister narendramodi said that it is not a government of confusion.
;;0.0;;with bjp completing four years in power at the centre, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said that the nda governments commitment to fight corruption has sent shivers down the spines of many who have come on one platform.
;;0.6486;;but, throughout our partnership has remained a source of boundless strength for both of us, pm narendramodi said.
;;0.6486;;but, throughout our partnership has remained a source of boundless strength for both of us, pm narendramodi said.
;;0.6908;;invoking the age-old cultural bonds between india and iran, prime minister narendramodi on monday said it was time for the two countries to march together by regaining the past glory of historical ties which had witnessed its share of ups and downs.
;;-0.8519;;in a veiled attack on congress general secretary rahul gandhi,gujarat chief minister narendramodi said that it is a shame that people still visit homes of the poor for a photo-op.
;;0.9565;;speaking after felicitating padma award winners from telangana at swarna bharat trust (sbt), hyderabad chapter, he said prime minister narendramodi selected unsung heroes from rural areas who are doing selfless service to the society in their respective fields and awarded them.
;;-0.3182;;(source: pti)laying the foundation stone for a new and bigger party office, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the bjp had made more sacrifices than any other party, and that bjp workers had had to suffer more than what the congress had suffered during british rule.
;;0.5859;;twitter.com/qlsxows6jt  dr jitendra singh (@drjitendrasingh) september 2, 2019in 2014, immediately after assuming power after a landslide win in the lok sabha elections, prime minister narendramodi had announced the swachh bharat campaign and vowed to eliminate open defecation nationwide in five years.
;;0.7003;;buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
;;0.5267;;in his monthly radio programme mann ki baat, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that new india is not a government scheme or a political idea but a unified call of 125 crore indians.
;;0.6486;;trump said prime minister narendramodi has asked him to help ease tensions between the two neighbouring countries on the disputed kashmir region and that he would love to be a mediator, reuters reported.
;;0.5423;;(source: pti)harmony, peace and unity between people is the first requirement for development, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday.
;;-0.886;;b'dubbing the centre as weak,gujarat chief minister narendramodi today said the government has suffered a total blackout in its foreign policy and failed on all fronts,including on the issue of death row convict sarabjit singh .
;;0.0;;talking about the swachh bharat mission, naidu said it is not just a scheme but is a a jan andolan, as the prime minister narendramodi says.
;;0.6486;;twitter.com/g0pggaz60e  narendramodi (@narendramodi) june 8, 2019modi, who is on his first overseas trip to the maldives and sri lanka after his re-election to hold bilateral talks, said india will help promote cricket in the maldives and fulfil president solihs mission to develop the sport in the country to consolidate people-to-people relations.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (pti file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti file photo)prime minister narendramodi on thursday said he wished to keep working and urged others to do the same too.
;;0.7003;;in his address to the nation in august, prime minister narendramodi had also said that article 370 did not let people of j&k enjoy benefits of several social welfare laws and schemes brought in by the union government.
;;-0.296;;advertisingcongratulating om birla on his election to the office of speaker, chowdhury pointed out that prime minister narendramodi had said outside the house that henceforth there will be no ruling (paksh) or opposition (vipaksh)  only an impartial system.
;;0.1184;;b'india would not have lost its sheen as a country of farmers if sardar vallabhbhai patel had been the first prime minister,gujarat chief minister narendramodi said today,ruing the poor national agricultural growth.
;;-0.1945;;prime minister narendramodi had said that sacrifices in uri attack would not go in vain and he has kept the word.
;;0.3291;;neeraj priyadarshia day after the bjps spectacular victories in the recently held elections, prime minister narendramodi said the results in the five states indicated the emergence of a new india, where poor were not seeking sops but asking for opportunities to grow.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday asked his party mps to shun negativism and focus on jan bhagidhari and jan niti (people participation and people policy) overlooking politics.
;;0.0;;they said that while chief minister narendramodi claimed that he had not allowed corruption during his rule,hes afraid of appointing a lokayukta.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi announced rs 1000 crore assistance for odisha and he also did an ariel survey of cyclone ravaged area.
;;0.0;;during his visit to france in april last year, prime minister narendramodi had announced that india would purchase 36 rafale jets in a government-to-government contract.
;;0.7832;;china  may 2015prime minister narendramodi asked china to take advantage of the winds of change in india with a much more transparent, responsive and stable regulatory regime even as leading firms from the two sides signed deals worth usd 22 billion.
;;0.3818;;chief minister narendramodi on saturday announced gujarats resolve to open as many medical colleges as possible,which would thwart the flow of hundreds of crores of rupees into other states.
;;0.4939;;(file)stressing on unity as the cornerstone of indias strength, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said life of a ncc cadet is beyond the uniform, the parade and the camps as it provides a sense of mission.
;;0.0;;b'when it comes to work, prime minister narendramodi says that he is a workaholic.
;;0.0;;(file photo) when it comes to work, prime minister narendramodi says that he is a workaholic.
;;0.8591;;the dominant narrative of flood protection includes measures such as embankments, dredging rivers and bank strengthening (ap photo/anupam nath) the dominant narrative of flood protection includes measures such as embankments, dredging rivers and bank strengthening (ap photo/anupam nath)during his recent visit to assam, prime minister narendramodi announced a rs 2,000 crore package for relief, reconstruction and rehabilitation in the flood-affected states in the northeast.
;;-0.93;;(pti photo)against the backdrop of spurt in terror attacks in various countries, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said terrorism is the gravest threat to the world and spoke about bolstering security and defence ties between india and mozambique, which are connected by the indian ocean.
;;-0.2263;;in his condolence message,chief minister narendramodi said,today,every single word of the gujarat language is in tears.
;;-0.296;;himachal pradesh elections 2017 live updates: prime minister narendramodi said, no senior congress leader came here to campaign.
;;-0.296;;himachal pradesh elections 2017 live updates: prime minister narendramodi said, no senior congress leader came here to campaign.
;;-0.1531;;india will raise its target for restoring degraded land from 21 million hectare to 26 million hectare by 2030, prime minister narendramodi announced on monday.
;;0.7964;;(source:pti)a strong wind blowing across assam is all set to uproot the ruling congress in the forthcoming assembly polls, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday and appealed to people for a decisive mandate in favour of the bjp.
;;-0.0516;;(source: twitter/ @pmoindia)in his first ever townhall, pm narendramodi on saturday said that grievance redressal is must for good governance as he interacted with the nation at the indira gandhi indoor stadium in new delhi.
;;0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi said eminent muslim leaders can come forward and find a way forward in the matter.
;;0.0258;;(source: pti photo/file) prime minister narendramodi said eminent muslim leaders can come forward and find a way forward in the matter.
;;0.1779;;(source: pti photo/file)prime minister narendramodi on saturday said that the muslim community must not politicise the issue of triple talaq and rather look for solutions.
;;0.4019;;(source: ani photo)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday announced investment of rs 12,000 crore in upgrading eight highways in gujarat to national highways as part of efforts to boost infrastructure development and job generation in the state.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi said it would have been better if this bill was passed in the upper house, he added.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi said it would have been better if this bill was passed in the upper house, he added.
;;0.2732;;questioning the opposition parties for stopping the passage of bill that seeks to accord constitutional status to the obc commission, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday asked them the reason behind blocking the bill in the rajya sabha when it aims to benefit backward castes.
;;0.5106;;b'prime minister narendramodi (file) prime minister narendramodi (file)taking a swipe at the previous governments, prime minister narendramodi said that his government has strived to free the housing sector from the clutches of middlemen and corruption.
;;0.6124;;promising a new nation in a new year and a clean-up of what he called the 70-year-old slush pile of black money, prime minister narendramodi told his party mps tuesday that the decision to demonetise notes of higher denomination was to help the poor.
;;0.4019;;this will bring revenues and also help in developing tourism in the state,chief minister narendramodi said.
;;-0.6486;;in washington on his first visit as prime minister, narendramodi told an audience of businessmen that he saw no reason why india had continued to remain a poor country.
;;0.0;;rhetorically, he had asked people not to deviate from it even if narendramodi told them to.
;;-0.4767;;advertising#hailing the passage of the triple talaq bill by parliament, prime minister narendramodi said that a historic wrong done to muslim women has been corrected and an archaic and medieval practice confined to the dustbin of history.
;;-0.7269;;b'pm narendramodi said that the government is trying to bring in this change so that there is no serious loss to the exchequer because of delay.
;;-0.7269;;pm narendramodi said that the government is trying to bring in this change so that there is no serious loss to the exchequer because of delay.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi said that the task force will be set up over the next few days.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi said that the task force will be set up over the next few days.
;;0.7579;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi announced at the meeting of the council of ministers on friday that task force will be set up to prepare a comprehensive action plan for effective participation of indian sports persons in the next three olympic games in 2020, 2024 and 2028 respectively.
;;0.0;;pti photopromising a paradigm shift in polity and economy, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday that india has become the sixth largest manufacturing hub of the world, and is on the threshold of becoming the worlds most digitised economy.
;;0.7771;;bjp leader narendramodi in his recent interview had claimed that if needed he might seek support of aiadmk leader jayalalithaa, tmcs mamata banerjee and bsp national presidenti want to make it clear that bsp will not extend any kind of support to nda at any cost, mayawati told reporters.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi says that farmers are getting irrigation and electricity facilities, but they are getting power for only four to six hours that too when they go to sleep.
;;-0.5207;;watch video: whats making newsaccording to sources present at a meeting last week, prime minister narendramodi told the health ministry that it was not acceptable that projects announced in 2014-15 were still hanging fire, and all steps should be taken to expedite work on them.
;;0.2163;;b'applauding the hard work of the athletes, narendramodi asked them not to get burdened by thinking about the result.
;;0.607;;(source: pti) applauding the hard work of the athletes, narendramodi asked them not to get burdened by thinking about the result.
;;0.5334;;(source: pti)india might be medal-less in the ongoing olympics so far, but prime minister narendramodi said the athletes competing in rio should not get disheartened as victory and setbacks are all a part of life.
;;0.9081;;during the programme, supriyo said prime minister narendramodi has asked union ministers, mps and party workers to highlight the contribution of unsung heroes, freedom fighters and martyrs among school children during the fortnight-long celebration yaad karo qurbani, an official statement informed on saturday.
;;0.0;;this is what prime minister narendramodi said here today while addressing a conference of agriculture ministers of states here.
;;-0.6808;;prime minister narendramodi recently asked kashmiri youth to choose between tourism or terrorism.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi , who held wide-ranging talks with his vietnamese counterpart nguyen xuan phuc here, said the two countries have decided to elevate their strategic ties to a comprehensive strategic partnership to provide it a new momentum.
;;0.8116;;(file)the government has been working to free the housing sector of corruption and middlemen to ensure people get their own houses without facing troubles, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday.
;;-0.25;;at the fag end of hearing, gonsalves said that prime minister narendramodi had recently said in a conference that forest cover in india has increased by one million hectare in last four-five years.
;;0.1027;;(express photo by vishal srivastav)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday announced a defence industrial corridor in the bundelkhand region of uttar pradesh.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi said he would lessen the suffering of farmers.
;;0.0;;further explaining his stand against demonetisation, the former union minister said, 80 per cent transactions in germany and austria is cash-based, in australia it is 60 per cent, canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent, and prime minister narendramodi says india will go 100 per cent cashless.
;;0.6486;;modi in new yorkaddressing the cheering crowd of about 20,000 non-resident indians (nris) at the packed madison square garden here on sunday, prime minister narendramodi announced the easing of travel and visa norms, including lifetime visas for persons of indian origin (pios).
;;0.0;;some people when they hear the words om and gaay (cow) think it takes the country back to the 16th century, prime minister narendramodi said wednesday at the launch of a programme in mathura for prevention of livestock diseases.
;;0.4767;;two days ago, prime minister narendramodi announced that a three-member task force would be set up to prepare an action plan for effective participation of sportspersons in the next three olympics.
;;0.0258;;(file)bjp workers and candidates must fight the karnataka assembly elections on the nda governments development agenda, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday, describing as lollipops offerings made to caste groups by rival parties.
;;-0.2732;;express photo by amit mehrathe centre has suggested to the finance commission to consider incentivising states working on population control, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday while refuting charges that the terms of reference of the 15th finance commission were biased against certain states.
;;0.4939;;more than three years since prime minister narendramodi announced the signing of a historic framework agreement with the national socialist council of nagalim (im) leadership, a deal to end indias oldest insurgency seems far.
;;0.4215;;tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roy at the parliament house express photo tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roy at the parliament house express photopointing out that prime minister narendramodi had said that hardships will last only 50 days after demonetisation of high-value currency on november 8 last year, opposition parties, led by the trinamool congress (tmc), on wednesday slammed the government for continuing restrictions on cash withdrawal from banks and atms even 90 days on.
;;0.0;;while he was chief minister of gujarat, narendramodi had announced the sauni project in rajkot in 2012.
;;0.6908;;pti photo/pibprime minister narendramodi on sunday said that the consensus on the goods and services tax (gst) would go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism, while crediting state chief ministers for keeping aside political and ideological differences to arrive at a common ground.
;;0.6597;;(source: pti photo)exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology, prime minister narendramodi on monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when india would celebrate 75 years of independence.
;;0.6293;;prime minister narendramodi on monday said the opposition need not bother about their numbers as every word of theirs was valuable for his government.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had on monday asked police to bring the culprits to book.
;;0.5106;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said the rate of immunisation against tuberculosis has grown by 6 per cent in the last three-and-a-half years and expressed confidence of achieving 90 per cent immunisation coverage within the next year.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by jaipal singh)during his interaction with school students across the country on teachers day, prime minister narendramodi said if a girl is educated, the entire family is educated.
;;0.6597;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi said political parties have spoken in one voice over the developments in kashmir and asserted that it has sent the right message and benefitted the country.
;;0.0;;b'pm narendramodi (file) pm narendramodi (file)on the third anniversary of his government, prime minister narendramodi today said these years have seen concrete steps that have transformed the lives of the people.
;;0.1511;;(express photo by prem nath pandey)prime minister narendramodi on monday said that india had never been an aggressor, nor had it encroached upon anyones territory or seen any distinctions between religions, caste or languages.
;;-0.25;;the protest was later lifted after district officials informed them prime minister narendramodi had announced rs 10 lakh compensation for each family.
;;0.2732;;twitter.com/zbpivu7a5a  narendramodi (@narendramodi) april 28, 2018gokhale said that they believe that the simultaneous emergence of india and china as two large economies and major powers with strategic and decisional autonomy, has implications of regional and global significance.
;;-0.5574;;security was beefed up in khurd village after locals started protesting (source:ani) security was beefed up in khurd village after locals started protesting (source:ani)earlier in the day, condemning the incidents of vandalism in several parts of the country, prime minister narendramodi said that stern action will be taken against those found guilty.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi said last week that all villages of india have been electrified.
;;-0.9201;;(ap photo)in a veiled attack on pakistan, prime minister narendramodi said state actors working with nuclear traffickers and terrorists present the greatest risk to nuclear security as he called for dropping the notion that his terrorist is not my terrorist.
;;-0.7269;;b'days after prime minister narendramodi said that many anti-social elements are involved in harassing people in the name of cow protection, alleged gau rakshaks in surat waylaid a tempo sunday night on suspicion of carrying beef and beat up its 62-year-old driver, who has a municipal contract to carry animal remains.
;;-0.296;;(source: pti/file)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said the opposition has no real issue against his government and defended the decision to advance presentation of the union budget, to be tabled on wednesday, saying it will facilitate execution of more development work.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has already said that for the 2020 olympics in tokyo, we should start the preparations, he said.
;;0.0;;a day after chief minister narendramodi announced a three-day fast for sadbhavna mission,both the gujarat bjp and the state machinery were busy with preparations on wednesday.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti/file photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday said that mobile phones were banned from his meetings because he often found officers checking social media sites in the midst of official discussions.
;;-0.7717;;personnel traveling in the vehicle were returning from leave to their camp in palodi (pti photo) personnel traveling in the vehicle were returning from leave to their camp in palodi (pti photo)soon after the attack, prime minister narendramodi said, the nation stands shoulder to shoulder with them in this hour of grief, while home minister rajnath singh directed bhatnagar to immediately rush to chhattisgarh.
;;0.4019;;speaking at the inauguration of the first maritime india summit in mumbai on thursday, prime minister narendramodi said over the last two years major ports have awarded 56 new projects with an investment of more than rs 250 billion.
;;0.4019;;advertisinglast night, prime minister narendramodi , in an address to the nation after his government revoked the states special status and bifurcated it into two union territories, asked the youth of j&k to step forward and take up its political leadership.
;;0.5106;;here are some of the highlights from this months mann ki baat address:*prime minister narendramodi said that they would start many events to encourage the indian contingent for rio olympics.
;;0.0;;(source: pti /pib)prime minister narendramodi on saturday said he held extensive and fruitful talks with chinese president xi jinping during their first round of two-day informal summit here.
;;-0.6808;;(source: narendramodi modi/twitter)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said india and russia are natural partners in fighting terrorism and the two countries must strive to broaden their ties which have withstood the test of time.
;;0.5413;;this government notification has been issued even though chief minister narendramodi has claimed that after 2002,the state has been totally peaceful.
;;-0.8934;;(file photo)weeks after saying that he faces threat to his life, prime minister narendramodi today said he is going to face problems at the hands of big people who have suffered because of his tough policies which have stopped leakages to the tune of rs 49,500 crore.
;;0.3182;;in russia, prime minister narendramodi said india would be responsible nation with regard to climate change.
;;0.0;;gandhinagar and ahmedabad will be developed as world-class twin cities in line with new york and new jersey in the us,chief minister narendramodi said today.
;;0.0;;(pti photo)the vast expertise of the secretaries to the government of india, who are working in various domains of the governance, should now be leveraged to bring about breakthroughs, rather than incremental change, prime minister narendramodi said today.
;;0.0;;while announcing the demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi had asked holders of such notes to deposit or exchange them in banks till december 30.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has said the fifa event should serve as a catalyst for lifting the profile of the game in the country.
;;0.5719;;the landmark gst legislation will reflect the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination, said prime minister narendramodi , as he addressed the third meeting of the governing council of niti aayog on sunday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had also told a meeting of senior secretaries of his government, soon after taking over in 2014, that there was a need to do away with archaic rules and practices, signalling to them that it was time to change some rules.
;;0.4215;;anil sharmaprime minister narendramodi on tuesday said india was committed to raising the standards of living of its citizens in an environmentally sustainable manner, and that development need not come at the cost of its green assets.
;;-0.6486;;(express photo by jaipal singh)prime minister narendramodi announced sunday that the contentious retrospective tax, which set off a scare among foreign investors after it was introduced in 2012 by the then upa government, was a matter of past, and a chapter (that) will not be opened again.
;;0.4588;;ani photoprime minister narendramodi on thursday said that india is glad to be a member of the shanghai cooperation organization (sco) and it looks forward to fruitful outcomes particularly in the field of economic cooperation.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi said the progress of humanity is incomplete without the empowerment of women and the issue is no longer women development but women-led development.
;;-0.2732;;condoling his death, prime minister narendramodi said he was a popular leader who enriched parliamentary democracy.
;;0.2023;;source: pmo source: pmoa day before, saying that nepal is at the top of indias neighbourhood first policy, prime minister narendramodi announced a rs 100 crore package to develop janakpur, while invoking mythological links between the two countries.
;;-0.0516;;he said in 2005, the then gujarat chief minister narendramodi had announced that deendayal block in kg basin, awarded to gspc, had 20 lakh crore cubic feet gas reserves.
;;0.7506;;(pti photo)the launching of south asian satellite was a dream and a commitment which india has fulfilled, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday, a day after the country crafted history.
;;0.6486;;(source: pmo/twitter)attempting to bridge the trust deficit with china, prime minister narendramodi on friday told chinese president xi jinping that he will be happy to host the next informal summit in india next year.
;;-0.8658;;accusing earlier central governments of sheltering those who helped terrorists, prime minister narendramodi said thursday that azamgarh in uttar pradesh was once synonymous with terror but since the bjp came to power in 2014, the terror tag was removed.
;;0.34;;security personnel have been deployed for the first time at the proposed site for the 182-metre-tall statue of unity,facing the narmada dam,after chief minister narendramodi announced the project in october 2010.
;;-0.2263;;chief minister narendramodi on friday said that police headquarters and housing projects should be multi-storey buildings,considering the limited availability of land and funds,particularly in big cities.
;;-0.0258;;(source: ani_news/twitter)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said efficient governance was needed in order to reduce the burden on judiciary.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi , last year, actually told mps to stay away from parliamentary committees dealing with subjects in which they may have business interests.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi during his independence day speech on 15th august said the people of balochistan, gilgit and pakistan-occupied kashmir have thanked him a lot in the past few days.
;;0.0516;;last year, after the world banks ease of doing business ranking placed india at a lowly 130 out of 150 countries, prime minister narendramodi asked bureaucrats to explain the reasons for the countrys poor performance and directed them to work on improving the ranking.
;;-0.4588;;(source: ani)asserting indias stand in tackling climate change, prime minister narendramodi on friday said same set of rules cannot be applied to all countries uniformly even as he identified poverty as the biggest challenge for environment.
;;0.7096;;hence, from maintaining a robust scout guide programme for which even prime minister narendramodi announced an award to maintaining an ayurveda garden with teachers and making paper bags to distribute near temples to raise environment awareness, students have been involved in everything, says the 45-year-old academician.
;;0.802;;watch what else is making newsin a statement in jammu, she said, i congratulate prime minister narendramodi and his party on this resounding victory which is an endorsement of his governments governance, developmental and economic agenda.
;;-0.7405;;advertisingcondemning the attack, prime minister narendramodi said sacrifices of those killed will not go in vain.
;;0.6369;;for its development, india needs a movement akin to the freedom movement, prime minister narendramodi said today.
;;0.4215;;back in 2016, asked whether the government was open to hiring talent from outside the government for policymaking, prime minister narendramodi had told a group of journalists, we have, already.
;;0.4588;;(source: file photo)asserting that india attaches high priority to its relations with vietnam, prime minister narendramodi on friday said the partnership between both sides will benefit asia and the rest of the world.
;;0.0772;;(pti photo)calling for a relook at the proposal to link rivers in the country, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said that if water management is given importance, there would be no farmer suicides.
;;-0.9001;;prime minister narendramodi has announced an ex-gratia amount of rs 2 lakh to the next of kin of those who were killed and rs 50,000 for those seriously injured in the accident.
;;-0.6908;;india denies trumps claim that pm modi asked him to mediate on kashmiradvertisingindia has denied us president donald trumps claim that prime minister narendramodi asked him to mediate on kashmir.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)india alone cannot walk the path of peace with pakistan and the neighbouring country must walk away from terrorism if it wants bilateral dialogue to resume, prime minister narendramodi said today, amid continued chill in indo-pak ties.
;;0.1779;;renuka puria day after turkeys president recep tayyip erdogan advocated a multilateral dialogue to settle the jammu and kashmir question, prime minister narendramodi on monday said that both sides have agreed to work together to strengthen cooperation bilaterally and multilaterally to effectively counter terrorism.
;;0.34;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi today said that prime minister manmohan singh had no right to continue in the office in view of the supreme courts ruling in the 2g spectrum case.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on friday asked various arms of the government to function in cohesion under a broad vision and lamented that its departments preferred to settle disputes in courts and worked in silos.
;;-0.8555;;speaking out against the attacks on kashmiris in the wake of the terror strike in pulwama on february 14, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday that our fight is for kashmir, not against kashmir or kashmiris.
;;0.8126;;# happy we are meeting after the success of our mars mission says narendramodi after meeting president barck obama.
;;0.7269;;(pti photo)stay fit, play games but do not forget the traditional sports, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday, highlighting the role of physical and mental fitness for all-round development.
;;0.0772;;b'pm narendramodi (file) pm narendramodi (file)with floods and landslides causing widespread devastation in sri lanka, prime minister narendramodi has said india stands by the people of the island nation and that ships are being rushed with relief material.
;;0.0;;prem nath pandeynaik mahendra singh, 30, was serving at roughly 20,000 feet above sea level in siachen when prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
;;0.8591;;just days after the end of the rio olympics, where india won just two medals, prime minister narendramodi had announced the setting up of the task force, which will help plan for effective participation of indian sportspersons in the next three olympics  2020, 2024 and 2028.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi (pti/file) prime minister narendramodi (pti/file)claiming that his government is trying to move away from a set way of thinking and a tunnel vision, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said that he is striving for all-round development of the country by giving shape to the collective aspirations of the people.
;;0.0;;recently, prime minister narendramodi had said that a mandate to prescribe generic medicines may soon be implemented.
;;0.0258;;picking up from where he had left off in his last mann ki baat address, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said he was overwhelmed by the public response on preventing wastage of food.
;;-0.4404;;expressing concern over the recent attacks on people from dalit community, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that there is a need for strict action against those involved in it.
;;-0.6369;;#watch: pm narendramodi says stop attacking dalits.
;;0.4215;;pti photospeaking at the bjps national executive meet in bhubhaneshwar on sunday, prime minister narendramodi said that there is a need to reach out to the backward classes in the muslim community, in line with the party slogan sabka sath sabka vikas.
;;-0.8734;;read: pm narendramodi says he gets angry at those running shops in name of cow protectionsadly, as recent reports have shown, a lot of gaushalas are just scams that dont really care about the animals which are often left to fend for themselves.
;;-0.6597;;(source: file photo)prime minister narendramodi on friday said india stood with sri lanka in the hour of need as torrential rainfall caused floods and mudslides in the island country killing over 90 people.
;;0.6705;;twitter.com/2nj3zew36n  narendramodi (@narendramodi) april 30, 2018modi, who in 2015 had announced that buddha jayanti day would be commemorated and celebrated as an annual event, said the teachings of the buddha were based on humanity and even after 2,500 years, his messages were still relevant and important.
;;-0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said the opposition was frustrated over repeated electoral defeats and was spreading lies about the bjp-led government, and asked party mps to counter the lies using technology and by working among the people.
;;0.0;;the bjp president saidprime minister narendramodi had categorically asked his pakistani counterpart to take action.
;;0.0;;read hereadvertisingus president donald trump threw a bombshell at india on monday during a meeting with visiting prime minister imran khan when he said prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on kashmir.
;;-0.5267;;last week, while addressing an election rally in gonda, prime minister narendramodi said the derailment of indore-patna express in kanpur dehat was an act of sabotage, the plan for which was hatched across the border.
;;0.5423;;(source: pti photo)stating that demonetisation has had no impact on gdp, prime minister narendramodi citing testimonials by apple chief tim cook, microsoft founder bill gates, world bank chief kristalina georgieva, nobel laureate for economics muhammad yunus and others, on tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect.
;;0.6124;;15 am: reflecting on the modi-merkel meet, the ministry of external affairs said the two leaders reviewed brexit and its potential impact on both india and germany as well as the future of the european union: ani1: 27 am: in the latest update, prime minister narendramodi said he has had a good interaction with chancellor angela merkel.
;;-0.3612;;b'virtually acknowledging his pm ambition,gujarat chief minister narendramodi today said it is the duty of every child to repay the debt he owes to mother india.
;;0.34;;how delhi rewound to osaka to rebut trump  diplomaticallyadvertisingindias response to donald trumps claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir, came after 40-45 minutes of deliberations within the government on how to respond to the us presidents statement.
;;-0.1027;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi today said only bjp had challenged the prevailing vote-bank politics in the country.
;;0.0772;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi today said that a comptroller and general (cag) report has stated that gujarat made maximum progress in fighting malnutrition in the last five years.
;;0.7003;;buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi had yesterday said he was committed to root out corruption.
;;-0.296;;finance minister mungantiwar, who also hails from chandrapur, said, when prime minister narendramodi has said such people must be acted against, there is no question of sparing anyone.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on august 22 said the 1.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in his address to the nation on november 8 had said, there may be some who for some reason, are not able to deposit their old rs 500 or rs 1,000 rupee notes by december 30, 2016.
;;0.5267;;development and building of confidence are the key to address the problem of kashmir, prime minister narendramodi said tonight while hoping that the youth of the valley wont get misled.
;;-0.0258;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said efficient governance can lessen the burden of judiciary and his government is in the process of cleaning the system.
;;-0.0258;;(source: ani photo) prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said efficient governance can lessen the burden of judiciary and his government is in the process of cleaning the system.
;;-0.0258;;(source: ani photo)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said efficient governance can lessen the burden of judiciary and his government is in the process of cleaning the system.
;;0.6705;;as the vikram lander of the chandrayaan-2 failed to make a smooth soft-landing, shattering a billion dreams, prime minister narendramodi , in a bid to boost the morale of the sagging isro team, asked the scientists to be courageous and said ups and downs were a part of life.
;;0.5106;;i am with you all the way, move forward bravely, pm narendramodi told the isro team.
;;-0.0516;;watch video: night after surgical strikes: pm narendramodi to review situationhe said that the decision to defer the order of the apex court has been taken after discussing it with the leaders of different parties, in which a resolution was passed to use the current cauvery water only for drinking purpose and not for anything else, and since the top court has passed the order, the release of the water has been put off till thursday.
;;0.743;;i consider todays agreement of the reciprocal logistics support between our armies as a golden step in the history of our close defence cooperation, prime minister narendramodi said, after bilateral talks with visiting french president emmanuel macron.
;;0.3818;;a day after french president emmanuel macron said india and pakistan should resolve the kashmir issue bilaterally, prime minister narendramodi said on friday that it took the country 70 years to remove the word temporary.
;;0.7783;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) july 30, 2019triple talaq bill a victory of gender justice, says pm modicalling it a historical step, prime minister narendramodi said passage of the triple talaq bill was a victory of gender justice and would further equality in society.
;;0.7906;;(source: express photo by dasarath deka/file)setting the goal to achieve social justice in india, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said the nation already has the manpower, skill, and resources, all it needs is to work on a mission mode to bring about the positive change.
;;0.5574;;expressing happiness over the results of legislative council elections, prime minister narendramodi said: this is an indication of things to come.
;;0.5499;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said that bits-and-pieces work can run election campaigns but not the country and therefore his party has adopted the policy of taking up major projects which will enrich lives of people and bring about revolution.
;;0.3818;;b'prime minister narendramodi announced the credit line at the india-asean summit in kuala lumpur in november 2015, as part of indias act east policy.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi announced the credit line at the india-asean summit in kuala lumpur in november 2015, as part of indias act east policy.
;;0.5988;;(source: pti)india does not believe in imposing its views on anyone, prime minister narendramodi said today while underlining the countrys rich tapestry of diversity.
;;-0.7269;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi said on friday that the sp, congress and bsp will suffer electric shocks when the uttar pradesh assembly poll results are declared on march 11.
;;0.743;;prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that the people of kashmir are eager to join the national mainstream and the power of development is stronger than the might of bullets and bombs.
;;0.8979;;this is their first meeting after india skipped beijings ambitious the belt and road summit in may (source: file photo) this is their first meeting after india skipped beijings ambitious the belt and road summit in may (source: file photo)prime minister narendramodi said on friday that india was grateful for chinas support in the shanghai cooperation organisation membership.
;;0.4404;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi today asked the government servants to change their role from being a regulator to an enabling entity to turn the challenges into opportunities.
;;-0.5267;;last weekend, addressing a rally at bokakhat near here, pm narendramodi had told voters, while poachers use guns to kill rhinos in kaziranga, all you need to do is to press the right button to eliminate those responsible for unabated rhino poaching.
;;0.9062;;(read more)march 27 | pm modi says strong wind of change will blow away congress, appeals for decisive mandate in assam: a strong wind blowing across assam is all set to uproot the ruling congress in the forthcoming assembly polls, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday and appealed to people for a decisive mandate in favour of the bjp.
;;-0.7096;;(graphic: rajan sharma)indiaprime minister narendramodi said, pained by the attack in manchester.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modithe number of beneficiaries of pm ujjwala yojana for providing lpg connections to bpl households has crossed 2 crore mark in less than a year, prime minister narendramodi said today while hailing the achievement.
;;0.0;;even prime minister narendramodi has asked for a speedy probe.
;;0.0;;vijayvargiya recalled that prime minister narendramodi , in an election speech in the state, had said that over 40 tmc legislators were in touch with the bjp.
;;0.0;;b'targeting the manmohan singh government at the centre,gujarat chief minister narendramodi today said upas glass is filled with corruption.
;;0.1779;;(source: pti)launching a frontal attack on opposition parties and certain ngos, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said conspiracies were being hatched everyday to finish and defame him.
;;0.6908;;(pti photo)with chinese president xi jinping listening in, prime minister narendramodi said on friday that connectivity projects in the region should respect territorial integrity and sovereignty, and it is essential to maintain inclusivity and sustainability.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi during his visit to bangladesh [also] confessed to indias involvement in [then] east pakistan in 1971, zakaria said.
;;0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on sunday said india has never coveted any territory or attacked a country but made sacrifices for the freedom of others.
;;0.0;;lok sabha elections 2019 highlights: taking a swipe at the congress, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that citizens prefer a chowkidar and not rajas and maharajas to rule the country.
;;0.0;;ptithrowing his weight behind the fifa u-17 world cup to be held in india this year, prime minister narendramodi has said that the mega-event should serve as a catalyst for lifting the profile of the game in the country.
;;-0.7964;;in an oblique attack on the upa government,gujarat chief minister narendramodi today said there was lack of trust in governance in the country which poses a grave danger to democracy.
;;0.0;;in an attempt to weed out black money, prime minister narendramodi had announced the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
;;0.0;;india has not given communalism to the world but only spirituality, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday, asserting that saints and other learned men have always espoused for rashtra dharma (duty to nation).
;;0.3818;;significantly, trump did not reiterate that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to intervene  a clear indication of a back-pedal from his claim last month.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has said that he is a sevak and we all are doing seva.
;;-0.5574;;)india on sunday raised its concern with china over the cpec which runs through pok and terrorism emanating from the region as prime minister narendramodi told chinese president xi jinping the two countries need to be sensitive to each others strategic interests.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday that while his government is trying to unite people, political opponents are trying to create rifts.
;;-0.4019;;this linking of the patriotic slogan to the constitution must be read in a context: over the nearly two years of his tenure, prime minister narendramodi has repeatedly said that he considers the constitution to be the holy book for his government; the last few weeks have seen attempts to force-feed a particular version of nationalism, symbolised by the suspension from the maharashtra assembly of aimim legislator waris pathan last wednesday, for refusing to chant bharat mata ki jai.
;;0.5267;;decisions taken in the first 100 days of the second term of the nda government were possible because of the inspiration of 130 crore citizens of the country, prime minister narendramodi said sunday.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi said the derailment of indore-patna express in kanpur dehat was an act of sabotage, the plan for which was hatched across the border.
;;-0.5267;;(express file photo) prime minister narendramodi said the derailment of indore-patna express in kanpur dehat was an act of sabotage, the plan for which was hatched across the border.
;;-0.5267;;last week, while addressing an election rally in gonda, prime minister narendramodi said the derailment of indore-patna express in kanpur dehat was an act of sabotage, the plan for which was hatched across the border.
;;0.296;;less than 12 hours after the ministry of external affairs official spokesperson raveesh kumar denied us president donald trumps claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir, external affairs minister s jaishankar said in parliament tuesday he would like to categorically assure that the prime minister had made no such request.
;;-0.4019;;governance deficit and policy paralysis marred the year for india in 2011,gujarat chief minister narendramodi said on his official blog.
;;0.0;;in fact, it can lead a second green revolution  this time from the east, as prime minister narendramodi said during his visit to odisha early this year.
;;0.3818;;the next day, prime minister narendramodi said its a different matter that she has apologised, i will not be able to forgive her from my heart.
;;0.4767;;with farmers ending lives in the parched saurashtra region in an election year,chief minister narendramodi on tuesday announced an ambitious rs 10,000-crore irrigation project,to be called saurashtra narmada avtaran irrigation yojana (sauni),which aims to fill all 115 dams in the region with narmada water by interlinking a total of 87 rivers.
;;0.3818;;after prime minister narendramodi announced the withdrawal of old currency notes of rs 1,000 and rs 500 on november 8, 2016, atms across the country had to be recalibrated to fit new notes of rs 2,000 and rs 500.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday announced in kerala that india will ratify the paris climate deal made in paris last year on october 2, the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi on thursday said the work to cover sub- and branch-canals network of the sardar sarovar narmada project (spread over one lakh kilometres) with solar panels will start soon.
;;0.3818;;during their campaign rallies in the state, prime minister narendramodi and tmc chief mamata banerjee claimed credit for the enclave exchange.
;;-0.6597;;voicing support for right to reject as a voting option,chief minister narendramodi said saturday the concept of electing a lesser evil in the country has to be done away with sooner or later.
;;0.0;;if india is genuinely concerned about the influx, prime minister narendramodi should have told myanmar during his visit there not to drive out the rohingya.
;;-0.8176;;pti photodevelopment is the only answer to violence and conspiracy, prime minister narendramodi said during a rally in bhilai on thursday.
;;-0.7845;;(reuters image)warning that terrorism poses a grave threat to future generations, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said forces of humanity should come together to combat the menace as india and germany vowed to take strong measures against those who encourage, support and finance it.
;;0.802;;(ap photo)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday here asked the iits, iiits and other technical institutions to create an atmosphere for boosting up the make in india campaign so that the country could not only step in a big way to manufacture defence equipment, but also lead the world in ensuring cyber security and supply skilled manpower globally in the next few years.
;;0.1779;;(twitter/@narendramodi)the last few years have been a golden phase in india-bangladesh relations, when complicated issues of land and coastal boundaries were resolved, prime minister narendramodi said here on friday.
;;-0.6437;;udhampur: prime minister narendramodi udhampur: prime minister narendramodi modisending out a message to the misguided youth of kashmir, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said 40 years of bloodshed has not benefitted anyone and that they should choose tourism over terrorism to ensure the states development and well-being.
;;-0.0258;;advertisingat the sco summit in bishkek, which pakistani prime minister imran khan also attended, prime minister narendramodi told chinese president xi jinping that pakistan needs to create an atmosphere free of terrorism, but at this stage, new delhi has not seen that from islamabad.
;;0.2263;;days after the terror strike, prime minister narendramodi said security forces have been given a free hand to respond to the attack.
;;0.7579;;b'pm modi paying floral tributes at the bust of the 12th century social reformer pm modi paying floral tributes at the bust of the 12th century social reformerin an attempt to woo the lingayat community ahead of the assembly elections in karnataka, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the ideals of lingayat philosopher basaveshwara motivate people across the world.
;;0.5106;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi on thursday announced that women are free to retain their maiden names in their passports now after the marriage.
;;-0.4215;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi today said that the government should accept nothing less than the return of italian marines,facing trial for killing two indian fishermen to the country.
;;0.5267;;sourece: pti)two days after prime minister narendramodi claimed that there was no threat to manipurs territorial integrity in the framework agreement signed by the bjp-led government and the nscn(im) in august 2015, veteran congress leader and former assam chief minister tarun gogoi on monday asked the centre to make the contents of the agreement public.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi had on saturday said in an election rally in imphal that there was nothing in the naga peace pact that amounted to betraying the interests of manipur.
;;0.5837;;kushwahas party was taken by surprise on not being involved in campaigning as prime minister narendramodi had personally asked him not to fight elections in up to avoid division of nda votes.
;;-0.743;;prime minister narendramodi had asked bjp leaders to refrain from making irresponsible statements, saying such comments hurt the partys image.
;;-0.743;;(express photo by prashant nadkar/file) prime minister narendramodi had asked bjp leaders to refrain from making irresponsible statements, saying such comments hurt the partys image.
;;-0.743;;on sunday, prime minister narendramodi had asked bjp leaders to refrain from making irresponsible statements, saying such comments hurt the partys image.
;;-0.4588;;on november 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi announced the withdrawal of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes to flush out high-denomination fake currency, mostly printed in pakistan.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi announced a line of concessional credit of usd 4.
;;-0.25;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked young ias officers to have a citizen-centric perspective in their service and try to come up with holistic solutions to problems assigned to them.
;;0.0;;pti photostating that the northeast has not seen balanced development, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that his government has initiated major infrastructure projects to make the region a gateway to southeast asia.
;;0.7003;;on b r ambedkars birth anniversary on april 14, javadekar wrote, prime minister narendramodi had asked students to popularise the use of bhim app and get rewarded in the process.
;;-0.5423;;a day after prime minister narendramodi said that he was pained by the incident of lynching of a muslim youth in jharkhand, bsp president mayawati on thursday accused the bjp state governments of allowing crimes of casteist and communal frenzy in their respective states.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi announced several contributions to nuclear security.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo)raising the issue of triple talaq at the bjp national executive meet, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that justice should be done to muslim women, according to union road and transport minister nitin gadkari.
;;0.743;;in his independence day speech last year, prime minister narendramodi had said women officers recruited into the armed forces under the short service commission would be given the option of taking up permanent commission  a gift to indias brave daughters.
;;0.5267;;the opposite tires me, said pm modidevelopment and building of confidence are the key to address the problem of kashmir, prime minister narendramodi said on friday night while hoping that the youth of the valley wont get misled.
;;0.0;;this time, its about images reportedly tweeted from the @pmoindia handle that showed villagers in nagla fatela, a village near the national capital, watching independence day celebrations on television where prime minister narendramodi , in his speech, claimed his government has electrified that village.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)accusing the samajwadi party (sp) government in uttar pradesh of indulging in discrimination (bhedbhav), prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that if a village gets a graveyard, it should get a cremation ground too; if there is electricity during ramzan, it should be there on diwali as well; and if there is electricity during holi, it should be there on eid too.
;;0.2263;;b'prime minister narendramodi said that like an ordinary citizen, he too gets influenced by good or bad things.
;;0.2263;;(pti photo) prime minister narendramodi said that like an ordinary citizen, he too gets influenced by good or bad things.
;;-0.1779;;(pti photo)answering the critics of his mann ki baat radio broadcast, prime minister narendramodi today said he had not thought it would be viewed politically when he launched the programme more than two years back.
;;0.4404;;(pti photo)the nda government at the centre is keen on reducing isolation of the northeastern states through its ambitious act east policy for all-round connectivity of the region, prime minister narendramodi said in shillong on friday.
;;0.0;;the rajya sabha on tuesday returned finance bill (no 2), 2019, and appropriation bill (no 2), 2019, even as most of the opposition walked out without discussing it over the issue of us president donald trumps remarks that prime minister narendramodi had asked for his intervention on the kashmir issue.
;;0.0;;in a recent address, prime minister narendramodi and health minister j p nadda announced that the immunisation coverage was increasing by almost 7 per cent each year, and currently stood at 80 per cent.
;;-0.296;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi today said congress should stop misusing constitutional institutions such as cbi.
;;0.34;;watch video | assembly elections 2017: how has up voted in the past explainedread | narendramodi giving casteist, communal tinge to campaign, says mayawatioff-the-cuff remarks and issues that have rarely made it to her speeches are being heard more and more.
;;-0.8591;;pti photocontinuing his denunciation of cow vigilantes, prime minister narendramodi on sunday asked people to beware of its fake protectors trying to divide society and the country and asked the states to severely punish them.
;;0.6808;;(file photo)stressing that diversity is indias strength, prime minister narendramodi said on monday that the countrys music has always played the role of bonding society and the state.
;;0.0;;(source: ap)prime minister narendramodi has asked 11 drought-hit states including maharashtra to take measures on a weekly basis for drought-proofing of villages till the monsoon arrives in the first week of june.
;;-0.886;;dubbing the centre as weak,gujarat chief minister narendramodi on saturday said the government has suffered a total blackout in its foreign policy and failed on all fronts,including on the issue of death row convict sarabjit singh.
;;0.1027;;chief minister narendramodi on monday said that after establishing vadodara as an engineering hub,his government is all set to develop the area as a new hub of defence engineering.
;;-0.3818;;(photo: twitter/@pib_india)in an apparent attack on opposition parties, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said confusion is being spread about the budget decision to fix msp for crops, at least 1.
;;0.128;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on tuesday said his government has been able to tame inflation which had gone out of control before 2014 and no political party could raise the issue during the polls in five states.
;;0.0;;but prime minister narendramodi has announced a series of schemes and initiatives for dalits?
;;0.0;;congress chiefs charge that farmers did not get narmada waters irks cmtargeting congress chief sonia gandhi once again,chief minister narendramodi on friday said she had not done her homework and offered assistance in drafting her speeches.
;;0.7269;;(@narendramodi/twitter)speaking out for the first time on the kathua and unnao cases, prime minister narendramodi said friday that the countrys daughters would definitely get justice.
;;0.2263;;chief minister narendramodi announced a package of worth rs 575 crore for the development of dangs district through various projects.
;;0.7096;;prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday that the budget would provide an impetus to infrastructure, strength to the financial system and a big boost to development.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi said enlightened muslims will find a way out in the triple talaq issue.
;;0.4939;;(source: express photo by renuka puri) prime minister narendramodi said enlightened muslims will find a way out in the triple talaq issue.
;;-0.4588;;advertisingprime minister narendramodi said that any kind of misbehaviour that brings down partys name is unacceptable, bjp mp rajiv pratap rudy was quoted as saying to news agency ani.
;;-0.4445;;(source: pti photo)addressing his first rally in manipur of this election, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday that the state had little to fear from the naga accord.
;;0.743;;(file photo)as the battle for uttar pradesh is set to enter the final two legs of polling, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday claimed that the bharatiya janata party has emerged victorious in the last five phases and that the remaining two will be a bonus for the party.
;;-0.6486;;(pti photo)as the final process for indias accession as a full member of the sco began, prime minister narendramodi on friday said indias ties with the bloc will help protect the region from threats of radicalisation and violence asserting that it would adopt zero tolerance to terrorism.
;;0.8519;;twitter.com/zle5tmx4ni  narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 12, 2018meanwhile, a combined statement issued by the two countries said modi and oli have agreed to maintain the momentum generated by the visit by adopting effective measures to ensure implementation of all agreements and understanding reached in the past.
;;-0.743;;speaking at a joint press conference, prime minister narendramodi said he discussed trade, terrorism, islamic radicalisation as well as threats in the region.
;;0.0;;on march 27, prime minister narendramodi , in a televised address to the nation, announced that india has entered the elite club of nations to possess the capability to hit a target in space.
;;-0.128;;after prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation move on november 8, 2016, there was a liquidity squeeze in the market and the demand for jewellery went down by around 80 per cent.
;;0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi today announced a scheme for giving loans up to rs 1 crore to small and marginal fishermen for buying modern boats so that they can venture into the deep sea for a better catch.
;;0.6808;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on saturday asked the world leaders to adopt an international yoga day, saying that by changing lifestyle and creating consciousness, it can help us deal with climate change.
;;0.0;;recently, prime minister narendramodi asked all states to use plastic in road construction during his regular video conferencing with the administrative heads of states, an exercise titled pragati.
;;0.872;;chief minister narendramodi on friday claimed that the gujarat government had taken care of environment while promoting industries in the state and that the job done had been the best in the country,increasing green cover through social forestry.
;;-0.25;;prime minister narendramodi on monday night said he took stock of the situation in the aftermath of the earthquake that struck northern part of the country.
;;-0.25;;(source: pti photo) prime minister narendramodi on monday night said he took stock of the situation in the aftermath of the earthquake that struck northern part of the country.
;;-0.25;;(source: pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on monday night said he took stock of the situation in the aftermath of the earthquake that struck northern part of the country.
;;0.0;;a day later, he had claimed that he would not remove the red beacon even if prime minister narendramodi asked him to.
;;0.0258;;(source: twitter/@bjp4india)prime minister narendramodi today asked denmark to extend full support in the extradition of purulia arms drop case accused kim davy, taking into account indias sensitivities.
;;0.1531;;(pti photo)a day after prime minister narendramodi said only by respecting the sovereignty of countries involved, can regional connectivity corridors fulfil their promise and avoid differences and discord, foreign secretary s jaishankar, in one of the sharpest comments by the government on the china pakistan economic corridor (cpec), said beijing had not been sensitive about indias sovereignty and did not consult new delhi on its $54-billion project with islamabad.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday announced that all villages in india have been connected with power.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday announced that all villages in india have been connected with power.
;;0.0;;the statement by the ministry came a day after prime minister narendramodi announced that all villages in india have been connected with power.
;;-0.128;;b'prime minister narendramodi said that the centre and the state governments will work together to ensure that five crore houses are built by 2022 for the poor.
;;-0.128;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi said that the centre and the state governments will work together to ensure that five crore houses are built by 2022 for the poor.
;;-0.4767;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on sunday said five crore houses will be built for the poor by 2022 as he laid the foundation stone of pradhan mantri awas yojana here.
;;0.0;;it is january 12, 2017, 66 days since prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;-0.7906;;expressprime minister narendramodi on monday said that nobody has the right to waste a drop of narmada water being pumped to reservoirs in saurashtra as part of the saurashtra narmada avtaran irrigation (sauni) yojna as the project was being funded by taxes collected from the poor.
;;0.25;;(source: pti)even as prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that he took up the cases of indians, who were serving sentences for minor offences in saudi arabia with king salman bin abdulaziz al saud, the two sides signed a first-of-its-kind agreement with saudi arabia for the welfare of the indian blue-collared workers.
;;0.5574;;having probed 4,145 complaints,the panel is now recording the statement of ips officer sanjeev bhatt,who in a recent affidavit in the supreme court claimed that chief minister narendramodi had asked the police brass to go slow on the rioters in 2002.
;;0.8689;;he made a mark as a bright lawyer, scholar, writer and intellectual who always spoke his mind, prime minister narendramodi had said in praise of ambedkar.
;;0.5994;;at the end of the campaign for lok sabha elections, both prime minister narendramodi and bjp president amit shah claimed that the party will return to power with a majority, and while all pre-election allies would be part of the government, the doors will be open for anyone who wants to join the agenda of the bjp afterward.
;;-0.8225;;b'prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)prime minister narendramodi on wednesday announced an ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh for the kin of each of the 24 killed in the bus accident in uttarkashi, uttarakhand, news agency ani reported.
;;0.0;;with assembly elections round the corner,chief minister narendramodi on monday announced major sops for the fishing community that makes for a major electoral group on the 1600-km-long coastline from navsari to kutch covering 13 districts.
;;-0.128;;there is nothing above the nation, prime minister narendramodi said in a public rally in churu, rajasthan, in his first remarks after the strike.
;;0.7579;;prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo/file) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo/file)as part of his push for digital payments, prime minister narendramodi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments bharat interface for money (bhim) app for transactions.
;;-0.7184;;chief minister narendramodi had recently said the opposition has failed to understand the water problem in the state arising out of the centres stand of not allowing permission to raise the height of sardar sarovar dam.
;;0.1027;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on the occasion of international womens day on thursday said that it pains him that despite the nations immense greatness, we have to fold our hands in our own home, persuade people, and spend money to save the girl child.
;;0.2263;;(pti/file)prime minister narendramodi will announce projects worth nearly rs. 3,800 crore at limkheda in dahod district of gujarat on his 66th birthday today.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , who was at the isro headquarters in bengaluru to watch the landing, told the isro team, there are ups and downs in life.
;;0.3818;;it was every indians fundamental duty to ensure participation of women in all fields of life, prime minister narendramodi said in his mann ki baat radio programme broadcast on sunday.
;;0.3182;;in a veiled attack on some congress leaders without taking names, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said that a section of political class attempted to erase memories of all former prime ministers by giving them such labels that they should not be remembered, and vowed to set up a grand museum in memory of all of them.
;;-0.2023;;after prime minister narendramodi asked the state governments to act against cow vigilantes who harrass people, in first of its kind rajpura police have booked several people after watching the video on social networking site when the accused were beating a truck driver who was going towards haryana carrying cows in his truck.
;;0.6808;;express photo by renuka puritwo days after he announced setting up of a task force to boost indias performance in future olympic games, prime minister narendramodi on sunday asked states to set up similar committees to identify the games in which they can do better as he noted that india could not perform as per expectations in the rio olympics.
;;0.296;;(source: pti)invoking atal bihari vajpayees mantra of kashmiriyat, insaaniyat and jamhooriyat to take kashmir forward on the path of progress and development, prime minister narendramodi on sunday asked stone-pelters in the valley to shun violence and adopt the path of progress through tourism.
;;0.0;;even prime minister narendramodi and rss chief mohan bhagwat have said that the issue should be decided by the court, the jd(u) leader said.
;;0.765;;(source: file photo)ahead of his two day visit to iran at the invitation of president hassan rouhani, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that he was looking forward to the conclusion of the trilateral chabahar agreement, a deal whihc opens up a route to land-locked afghanistan with which new delhi has developed close security ties and economic interests.
;;0.0;;pm narendramodi also said that the congratulated secretary, department of space for isros pslv-c37 launch.
;;0.0;;(source: pti photo/file) pm narendramodi also said that the congratulated secretary, department of space for isros pslv-c37 launch.
;;0.3818;;indian prime minister narendramodi announced a 0 million line of credit to kenya for agricultural mechanisation.
;;0.3818;;indian prime minister narendramodi announced a 0 million line of credit to kenya for agricultural mechanisation.
;;0.7964;;(source: pti)india first is the central point of nda governments foreign policy which is aimed at protecting the countrys strategic interests and ensuring robust economic growth, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said.
;;-0.128;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked pakistan to stay away from terror activities if it wants good relation with india.
;;0.6249;;(source: pti)in his first mann ki baat after the bharatiya janata party swept uttar pradesh and uttarakhand in the recently concluded state assembly elections, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said 125 crore indians want to create a bhavya and divya bharat.
;;-0.802;;the fresh incident came days after prime minister narendramodi asked people to beware of fake cow protectors trying to divide society and the country and asked the states to severely punish them.
;;-0.6249;;minutes after external affairs minister s jaishankar denied donald trumps claim that narendramodi asked him to resolve the kashmir issue in parliament, congress leader rahul gandhi tuesday demanded answers from the prime minister saying a weak foreign ministry denial wont do.
;;-0.1779;;paying glowing tributes to former union minister arun jaitley, who died last month, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said his life inspires us to work harder for the nation.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi said the railways will offer all possible assistance.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendramodi said the railways will offer all possible assistance.
;;-0.6705;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on sunday said the jagdalpur-bhubaneswar express train derailment was saddening, condoling the loss of lives.
;;-0.296;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi said the congress should stop misusing constitutional institutions such as cbi.
;;-0.4588;;on november 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi announced the withdrawal of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes to flush out high-denomination fake currency, mostly printed in pakistan.
;;-0.9468;;in his first comments on the incidents of rape of a 17-year-old in unnao in uttar pradesh and the sexual assault and murder of an eight-year-old girl kathua in the jammu region, prime minister narendramodi had last week said that no criminal will be spared and daughters will get justice.
;;0.9245;;(photo: anil sharma)calling it an ideological victory for the bjp in tripura, and terming the wins in nagaland and meghalaya as big wins, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked party mps at a parliamentary party meeting to not belittle the significance of the victory in tripura.
;;-0.3818;;lalu slams modipatna: a day after pm narendramodi said that a village should also get a cremation ground if it gets a graveyard, rjd chief lalu prasad monday accused him of playing divisive politics.
;;-0.9468;;(source: pti photo)around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister narendramodi said in rajya sabha on wednesday, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
;;-0.2263;;read also: india-vietnam bilateral relations a high priority, says pm narendramodi modiduring the visit, india will take up issues like cross-border mobility of professionals, terror financing, tax evasion and reduction in remittance transaction cost among others, said secretary (west) sujata mehta.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi on monday said that 1.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said that every indian should have a house by 2022, on the 150th anniversary of the countrys independence, and the government was working in this direction.
;;0.8297;;prime minister narendramodi on friday told nepals deputy prime minister bimalendra nidhi that india is fully committed to strengthening the age-old ties of friendship and kinship between the people of both countries.
;;0.2023;;ani photoafrica has been made top priority for indias foreign and economic policy, said prime minister narendramodi while addressing the 52nd annual general meeting of the african development bank at gandhinagar, tuesday.
;;0.4019;;a day after prime minister narendramodi announced a special package of rs 1.
;;-0.0865;;readgonda: prime minister gonda: prime minister narendramodi (pti)up elections 2017: sp, bsp for fractured mandate to have bargaining power, claims pm modithe sp and the bsp, after the third phase of polling, have realised that they have no chance of winning and so they have launched a new game, a new techniqueeven if we are defeated or our seats decrease, no one should get majority, prime minister narendramodi said on monday.
;;-0.0516;;b'gujarat chief minister narendramodi today said people have lost faith in democracy as the government failed to enthuse people and instill a sense of ownership in the system.
;;0.6597;;india and indonesia are finally finding each other again amid a power shift in the waters of asia india and indonesia are finally finding each other again amid a power shift in the waters of asiaduring his first visit to jakarta this week, prime minister narendramodi announced the elevation of bilateral ties to a comprehensive strategic partnership and outlined a shared maritime vision for the indo-pacific.
;;0.4588;;pti photo/pib(pti8_26_2016_000053b)ekta and mamata, unity and compassion, were the twin themes of the political consensus on kashmir, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday.
;;0.3612;;extending warm wishes to the nation on the occasion of national voters day, prime minister narendramodi , on wednesday, said that elections are celebrations of democracy, which communicate the will of the people.
;;0.7906;;addressing a rally in up, prime minister narendramodi said: our government, dedicated to the vision of ishwar chandra vidyasagar, will set up a grand statue of panchdhatu (five metals) at the same spot.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday said an isro spirit has gripped the country, which has been united by the moon mission chandrayaan-2, and the nation now looks beyond success and failure.
;;0.8519;;on monday, us president donald trump said that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir, and if i can help, i would love to be the mediator between india and pakistan.
;;0.5423;;share this article related article at drought meet, pm narendramodi says learn from shivajiat drought meet, pm narendramodi says learn from shivaji karnataka cm siddaramaiah meets pm modi, seeks rs 12,272 cr to tackle drought situationkarnataka cm siddaramaiah meets pm modi, seeks rs 12,272 cr to tackle drought situation up seeks rs 11,000 cr to meet drought situation as akhilesh meets pm modiup seeks rs 11,000 cr to meet drought situation as akhilesh meets pm modi ipl 2016: sewage water to run the cash-rich leagueipl 2016: sewage water to run the cash-rich league maharashtra to raise loans to tackle droughtmaharashtra to raise loans to tackle drought flood-like situation in parts of gujarat, toll reaches 27elaborating on gujarats efforts at water conservation, recharge and creation of water bodies, the cm said that 1.
;;0.0;;a day after us president donald trump said that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate in the kashmir issue, opposition mps slammed the government, seeking pm modis response on the claim.
;;0.0;;in 2015, prime minister narendramodi had announced a j&k package of rs 80,000 crore of which only rs 17,000 crore has been released.
;;0.0258;;ptiprime minister narendramodi said on thursday that the wind that had swept uttar pradesh, uttarakhand and delhi is set to reach himachal pradesh, which will go to polls later this year.
;;0.0;;when prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation, he had said the new year would see new india.
;;0.5106;;(file photo)prime minister narendramodi told network 18 group editor rahul joshi that the people of kashmir need both development and trust.
;;0.0772;;i want to remind him about what prime minister narendramodi said in his maiden speech in the new lok sabha.
;;0.5994;;(file photoprime minister narendramodi on tuesday said it is imperative that people are made aware about the importance of their duties, as asserting ones rights without rendering duties is against the fundamental value of the constitution.
;;0.0;;ahead of his departure, prime minister narendramodi on july 6 said his four-nation tour of african countries is aimed at enhancing ties with that continent, particularly in the economic sphere and people-to-people contacts.
;;0.5267;;(source: pti photo)the south asia satellite will be launched on may 5, prime minister narendramodi announced on sunday, describing it as indias pricelss gift to its neighbours as part of the sabka sath, sabka vikas concept.
;;0.7096;;pm modi meets chinese president xi jinpingattempting to bridge the trust deficit with china, prime minister attempting to bridge the trust deficit with china, prime minister narendramodi on april 27 told chinese president xi jinping that he will be happy to host the next informal summit in india next year.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi announced the scrapping of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, 2016, with an aim to weed out black money, counterfeit currency and terror funding.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)prime minister narendramodi said sanitation should be made the first priority for jammu and kashmir, which is famous for its tourist destinations.
;;0.7096;;expressing his gratitude to the sco for accepting indias membership, prime minister narendramodi said, though we have become a member of the sco only today, our relations with the region have been historic.
;;0.7003;;b'describing internet as a gamechanger,gujarat chief minister narendramodi today said politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance,accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people.
;;0.5106;;watch video | find out what pm narendramodi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionin the worlds largest democracy the demonetisation was revolutionary: it called into question the states promise to pay the bearer the face value on every banknote.
;;0.6369;;in picture, pm narendramodi (express photo by renuka puri) in picture, pm narendramodi (express photo by renuka puri)saluting workers on labour day, prime minister narendramodi said they play a big role in the countrys progress.
;;0.8126;;prime minister narendramodi said he was looking forward to interacting with beneficiaries of the mudra yojana (pmmy) scheme (express photo/prem nath pandey/file) prime minister narendramodi said he was looking forward to interacting with beneficiaries of the mudra yojana (pmmy) scheme (express photo/prem nath pandey/file)prime minister narendramodi tuesday interacted with beneficiaries of the mudra yojana (pmmy) scheme.
;;0.7351;;pm modi invokes chaudhary charan singh to woo farmers in jatland bijnorin a bid to woo the farming community, prime minister narendramodi said bjp will waive off loans of all small farmers once voted to power.
;;0.0;;in view of the mounting rumours, prime minister narendramodi asked governor vidyasagar rao to meet the chief minister in hospital.
;;-0.1027;;chidambaram also questioned the government over its claim that a cabinet meeting took place on november 8 before prime minister narendramodi announced the move to demonetise.
;;-0.2263;;express photo by vishal srivastavas the yogi adityanath-led government took over in uttar pradesh, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the sole mission and motive is development of the state, in an apparent bid to allay apprehensions over the hardline hindutva mascot becoming the chief minister.
;;0.34;;the meeting is in consonance with what prime minister narendramodi announced at the nuclear security summit held in washington in april last year.
;;0.4588;;on december 31, prime minister narendramodi had announced interest subsidy of up to 4 per cent on loans taken in the new year under the pradhan mantri awaas yojana.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi had said at an election rally in mau, the home turf of gangster-turned-politician mukhtar ansari on february 27, that jails in up were virtually converted into palaces for criminals where they enjoyed all facilities and luxury.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , in an election speech in the state, had said that over 40 tmc legislators were in touch with the bjp.
;;-0.8316;;speaking about the airstrikes in balakot, pakistan, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that pakistan will die its own death.
;;-0.8748;;expressing immense grief over the incident, prime minister narendramodi said, deeply saddened by the bus accident in kullu.
;;-0.7783;;b'in a written reply to congress mla farukh sheikh,chief minister narendramodi today said the state government has no plan to introduce any new welfare scheme for the victims of the 2002 riots.
;;0.5574;;the union government will create a separate ministry for promoting entrepreneurship and skill development, prime minister narendramodi said.
;;-0.6808;;pm narendramodi giving media statement during joint press interaction with us president barack obama (source: pib)terming terrorism as a principal global threat, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said there should be no distinction between terrorist groups and pressed for countries to fulfil their commitment to wipe out their safe havens and bring them to justice.
;;-0.3007;;after spending roughly 17 hours in a specially-designed meditation cave near the kedarnath shrine in uttarakhand, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said he visits holy places, but never asks god for anything.
;;0.0;;during his poll campaign, prime minister narendramodi had said the first decision of the new up government under the bjp would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers.
;;0.0;;amit shah repeated what prime minister narendramodi had said at an election rally during the gujarat election campaign about a meeting hosted by congress leader mani shankar aiyar.
;;0.0;;amit shah repeated what prime minister narendramodi had said at an election rally during the gujarat election campaign about a meeting hosted by congress leader mani shankar aiyar.
;;0.0;;shah repeated what prime minister narendramodi had said at an election rally during the gujarat election campaign about a meeting hosted by aiyar.
;;0.3612;;maulana nurur rahman barkati (source: file) maulana nurur rahman barkati (source: file)shahi imam of tipu sultan mosque maulana nurur rahman barkati on friday said it was his privilege as a religious leader to use a red beacon, and he would not remove it even if prime minister narendramodi asked him to.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi said saturday that india will contribute to the conservation of one of the maldives oldest and iconic friday mosque, a historic landmark made up of coral stones.
;;0.5994;;pm narendramodi with bjp chief amit shah pm narendramodi with bjp chief amit shahformer sp youth wing president of baghpat district, tarun deo yadav, has announced appropriate reward for those who would behead prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah for creating an emergency-like situation through demonetisation and being responsible for the 2002 godhra riots.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had last year announced that a memorial would be constructed to commemorate the life and works of kalam, also known as indias missile man, at rameswaram in ramanathapuram district of tamil nadu where he is buried.
;;-0.2023;;pti photoat a time when the world is grappling with the challenge of terrorism, yoga shows the way to lasting peace, prime minister narendramodi said today.
;;-0.0693;;b'prime minister narendramodi (left) and former j&k cm omar abdullah (right) prime minister narendramodi (left) and former j&k cm omar abdullah (right)opposition national conference on tuesday asked prime minister narendramodi to understand that the present turmoil in the valley was not due to lack of development but unwillingness of the centre to address the kashmir issue.
;;0.1531;;( express photo by anil sharma)seemingly displeased over bjp mps lack of enthusiasm in promoting the governments work, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked them to highlight key welfare schemes  mudra bank, increased lpg coverage for the poor, and electrification of villages  as the nda governments major achievements as it approaches its second anniversary.
;;0.0;;last month, prime minister narendramodi announced there is a need to raise the retirement age of all non-teaching doctors to 65 to plug the increasing doctor-patient ratio.
;;0.802;;applauding bjps massive victory in maharashtra civic polls, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said it is a great start to the year.
;;0.4215;;continuing his drive to directly connect with the beneficiaries of his governments pet schemes, prime minister narendramodi today said he will on june 20 speak to farmers on issues concerning them and the agriculture sector.
;;-0.4767;;(representational image)on november 8, prime minister narendramodi announced his ambitious demonetisation policy initiative to attack the scourges of corruption, black money and fake currency.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi moditerrorism has thrown a big challenge to humanity and people should draw inspiration from ancient scriptures to take on the menace, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday.
;;0.2732;;in a surprise move on november 8, prime minister narendramodi had announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;0.2732;;in a surprise move on november 8, prime minister narendramodi had announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;0.2732;;in a surprise move on november 8, prime minister narendramodi had announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
;;-0.34;;prime minister narendramodi announced on november 8 that the high value currency that made up 86 per cent of all currency in circulation could no longer be used in most transactions and would be replaced by new rs 500 and rs 2,000 notes.
;;0.1531;;mamata had sent an invite to the finance minister weeks before prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation move.
;;-0.0772;;(express photo by amit mehra)days after non-bjp ruled southern states expressed serious reservations on the terms of reference stipulated by the centre in the 15th finance commission for devolution of funds to states, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the union government has suggested to the finance commission to consider incentivising states that have worked on population control.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modicommemorating the 126th birth anniversary of b.r ambedkar, prime minister narendramodi on friday said that every indian should have a house with adequate facilities by 2022 and that his government has been tirelessly working towards that direction.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday said political class was now under the constant scrutiny of media and various other institutions as he advocated for an inbuilt mechanism for judiciary to monitor itself.
;;-0.765;;(source: twitter/@pmoindia)prime minister narendramodi on monday said terrorism is the gravest challenge facing humanity.
;;-0.7178;;b'bjp has faced more adversities in independent india as compared to what congress would have during the british rule, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday and lamented that every effort of his party was seen in bad light.
;;-0.296;;chief minister narendramodi on thursday said that politics is one profession where no training is required.
;;0.0;;(source: freeimages)at the inauguration of a hospital in surat recently, prime minister narendramodi announced his governments intent to bring in a law whereby doctors will have to prescribe only generic medicines.
;;0.0;;after meeting obama at the white house early this month, prime minister narendramodi had announced that india would host the next ges.
;;-0.1406;;speaking in hyderabad sunday, pm narendramodi had said shoot me if you want, but not dalits.
;;0.0;;jharkhiholi had made news in november when, days after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of high-value currencies, he had conducted an extravagant wedding for his son on the lines of former bjp minister and mining baron g janardhan reddys daughters wedding the same month.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , taking to twitter, said he coherently presents the aspirations of ladakhi people.
;;0.5719;;co/xn8dgctwx6  narendramodi (@narendramodi) august 6, 2019meanwhile, home minister amit shah said, excellent speech by young bjp mp, jamyang tsering namgyal, representing ladakh, the largest lok sabha constituency of india.
;;0.7506;;prime minister narendramodi said this day reminds us of the courage, bravery and dedication of our soldiers, as he paid tribute to the mighty warriors.
;;0.7717;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that his four-nation tour of russia, germany spain and france is aimed at boosting indias economic engagement with these nations and inviting more investment.
;;0.5;;a month after donald trump stunned delhi by claiming that narendramodi had asked him to mediate on kashmir, the us president looked on as the prime minister made it clear that all issues with pakistan are bilateral, and india doesnt bother any other country about them.
;;0.7096;;read | bus to ayodhya from janakpur will be pm narendramodi modis gift for nepalmodi said the two countries have completed several bilateral connectivity and development projects in the past few years, and initiated transformational initiatives for the benefit of their people.
;;0.0;;reddy said even prime minister narendramodi had said that such incidents should not take place anywhere.
;;-0.296;;in their first meeting after the government scrapped special status of jammu and kashmir under article 370 leading to tensions with pakistan, prime minister narendramodi told us president donald trump that all issues between india and pakistan were bilateral and there was no scope for any third-party mediation.
;;0.5423;;let there be peace for all living creatures  office of rg (@officeofrg) august 19, 2016congress leader digvijay singh also replied to the tweet, saying that it was absurd what narendramodi said.
;;0.7579;;chief minister narendramodi at the inauguration of national consultation for brand building by young man christians associations (ymca) here on friday said social media had helped him earn support of christian community soon after his comments following the supreme courts verdict in favour of him in connection with 2002 riots in gujarat.
;;-0.2732;;(ap photo)in his mann ki baat on november 26, prime minister narendramodi asked farmers to cut urea consumption by half by 2022.
;;-0.4767;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi asked bjp-ruled states on saturday to focus on garib kalyan (welfare of poor), and said they should be a role model in execution of central schemes targeted at the poor.
;;0.128;;(source: pib)despite negative global cues, the india story is well on track as a result of prudence, sound policy and effective management on the part of the government, prime minister narendramodi said on monday.
;;0.4019;;underscoring the importance his government gives to the armed forces, prime minister narendramodi said saturday that indias national security will not be decided by, or will succumb to any pressure or influence.
;;-0.1027;;in the letter, the association wrote: only 230 medicines are available in the store, so we request to increase the numbers of drugs the agency has written to the aiims administration to include 53 most prescribed drugs by aiims doctors, but no action has been taken from your sidethe development comes just days after prime minister narendramodi said he will bring in a legal framework under which doctors have to prescribe generic medicines.
;;0.6124;;(source: pmo/twitter)heaping praise on madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, prime minister narendramodi on monday said the state is making commendable strides in its flagship scheme, swachh bharat mission (clean india movement).
;;0.872;;(source: twitter/ani)prime minister narendramodi on sunday said brain drain can be converted into brain gain if the nation starts looking at the 27-million strong indian diaspora spread across the world as a strength rather than numbers.
;;0.6705;;speaking in parliament in february, prime minister narendramodi had said he was pursuing mahatma gandhis dream of a congress-mukt bharat and accused the grand old party of eulogising the gandhi family when in power, at the cost of the countrys development.
;;-0.4019;;(file)in his first public denouncement of cow vigilantes, some of whom flogged dalits in his home state gujarat, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said he felt enraged at such anti-social elements who indulged in crimes by the night and masqueraded as cow protectors by the day.
;;0.4404;;pti photo / pibaiming to make the northeast a gateway of southeast asia, the government has initiated major infrastructure projects in the seven states, including investing rs 40,000 crore to improve the roads and highways, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday.
;;0.5106;;b'prime minister narendramodi said, three years on, i am delighted to see how mudra yojana has brought prosperity in the lives of many.
;;0.5106;;(express photo/file) prime minister narendramodi said, three years on, i am delighted to see how mudra yojana has brought prosperity in the lives of many.
;;0.5888;;25 billion people of india have not only become active partners in governance but also started moving one step ahead because there is mutual trust between the government and the people, said prime minister narendramodi as he marked the completion of his governments third year at the centre.
;;-0.8442;;the two ministers  lal singh and chander prakash ganga  resigned on friday, soon after prime minister narendramodi said these incidents, including a rape case in which a bjp mla from unnao district of uttar pradesh is the accused, had shamed the country and that justice would be ensured in all the cases.
;;-0.1531;;targeting the congress for its leader sam pitrodas hua toh hua remark on the 1984 anti-sikh riots, prime minister narendramodi said friday that it shows the character, mentality and intentions of the party.
;;0.0;;though prime minister narendramodi had formally announced way back in may this year that the countrys longest bridge  across the brahmaputra connecting dhola with sadiya in upper assam  was named after legendary balladeer bhupen hazarika, it was however only on sunday that the state government finally put a signboard there with hazarikas name on it.
;;0.5994;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday said an isro spirit has gripped the country, which has been united by the moon mission chandrayaan-2, and the nation now looks beyond success and failure.
;;0.4404;;advertisingspeaking during the supplementary budget debate in the state legislative assembly, adityanath said prime minister narendramodi had asked the state to accept the challenge.
;;0.0516;;prime minister narendramodi at manekshaw centre (source: ani_news/twitter) prime minister narendramodi at manekshaw centre (source: ani_news/twitter)in a veiled reference to pakistan, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said there is one thought in south asia that inspires and encourages terrorism.
;;0.0;;b'in his speech at the world sufi forum in new delhi on thursday, prime minister narendramodi said sufism was a celebration of diversity and pluralism which helped shape a distinct islamic heritage of india.
;;-0.7096;;(file/pti)the us has asked pakistan to ensure that its territory is not used for planning attacks in india, after prime minister narendramodi said terrorism is being incubated in indias neighbourhood.
;;0.34;;indeed, prime minster narendramodi rightly asked us to affirm the motto: sabka saath, sabka vikas (roughly, inclusive constitutional development is the only worthwhile development).
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi has often said that the constitution is the holy text of the government and its sanctity will be protected.
;;0.8196;;(source: twitter/ @narendramodi )inaugurating the pravasi bharatiya kendra on sunday, prime minister narendramodi said that india has never coveted any territory nor has it attacked a country but made sacrifices for the freedom of others.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has announced that all families in the country would have housing facility by 2022.
;;0.8316;;sounding poll bugle for the upcoming elections in haryana, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the mammoth support for chief minister manohar lal khattar shows the direction of the wind and makes clear with whom peoples blessings will be in the state.
;;-0.6597;;(express archive)with dalit protesters pushing the bjp on the back foot in gujarat and uttar pradesh, prime minister narendramodi on friday asked the youth to shun nepotism and poison of casteism.
;;0.0;;advertisingearlier in the day, prime minister narendramodi said he will visit odisha on monday to review the situation in the state.
;;0.6486;;(file/pti photo)centre is taking steps to ensure that demographic dividend of people with special needs is adequately tapped in for nation building, prime minister narendramodi said sunday.
;;0.4215;;chief minister narendramodi on sunday claimed that 20-25 per cent voters from the minority community had voted for him in the assembly polls and asked the party cadre to reach out to all sections,including muslims,ahead of the lok sabha elections.
;;0.8591;;just days after the end of the rio olympics, where india won just two medals, prime minister narendramodi had announced the setting up of a task force which will help plan for the effective participation of indian sportspersons in the next three olympics  in 2020, 2024 and 2028.
;;-0.0516;;while laying the foundation stone of bharuch bus-port on tuesday, prime minister narendramodi said only the people of this city, who underwent a lot of trouble, will understand the importance of the bridge.
;;-0.0516;;(source: pti) while laying the foundation stone of bharuch bus-port on tuesday, prime minister narendramodi said only the people of this city, who underwent a lot of trouble, will understand the importance of the bridge.
;;-0.0516;;(source: pti)while laying the foundation stone of bharuch bus-port on tuesday, prime minister narendramodi said only the people of this city, who underwent a lot of trouble, will understand the importance of the bridge.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi specifically asked concerned officials to systematize the measures being taken by them to address grievances of students.
;;-0.3612;;file photo/agencies prime minister narendramodi specifically asked concerned officials to systematize the measures being taken by them to address grievances of students.
;;-0.1531;;b'pm modi also chose the occasion to pay obeisance to hindu mahasabha leader veer sarvarkar on his birth anniversary pm modi also chose the occasion to pay obeisance to hindu mahasabha leader veer sarvarkar on his birth anniversarywith his government completing three years in office, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said he welcomed the critical feedback and in-depth analysis of its work, tested on every touchstone, and said constructive criticism strengthens a democracy.
;;0.4019;;chief minister narendramodi today told surtis that it was his art of conversation that convinced the chinese government to release the gujarati diamond traders held for smuggling,something that the centre had been working on since their arrest two years ago.
;;0.6908;;b'pm narendramodi said sports is an acronym for skill, perseverance, optimism, resilience, tenacity and stamina.
;;0.6908;;(source: pti) pm narendramodi said sports is an acronym for skill, perseverance, optimism, resilience, tenacity and stamina.
;;-0.6597;;(source: pib/twitter)prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday that pakistans generals were scared to come on the phone when india wanted to inform them about the surgical strikes across the line of control on september 29, 2016.
;;-0.4939;;(source: ap photo)india and spain should strengthen bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism as both our countries have faced the security challenge, prime minister narendramodi told spanish president mariano rajoy today.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi in an interview on friday said the indian government has started bearing fruit, and there is no reason for alarm.
;;0.0;;the report comes less than a week after prime minister narendramodi announced that all the villages in the country have been electrified.
;;-0.6486;;facing criticism over lack of job creation by his government, prime minister narendramodi earlier this month told parliament that there was no correct system of collecting job data at present and his government was trying to put one in place.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday announced the creation of a high-powered committee on structural reforms in agriculture, saying this panel would include some chief ministers and take a holistic approach on the subject.
;;-0.4404;;denied a visa to visit us and smarting under a wharton snub,gujarat chief minister narendramodi today said his idea of secularism is india first and people will forgive mistakes of a government if it serves them well.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi , in his plenary session at the 5th eastern economic forum, said india will give a line of credit worth usd 1 billion for the development of the far east.
;;0.0;;pti photoprime minister narendramodi on tuesday said after over two years in office he has learned the ropes and asserted that his long stint as gujarat chief minister helped him in his job in new delhi.
;;0.0;;on thursday, the liquor baron claimed that prime minister narendramodi , in an interview, had said that his government recovered more money that he allegedly owed psu banks and the same banks claimed otherwise in uk courts.
;;-0.9387;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday had said lynching of ansari in jharkhand, pained him and the guilty must be severely punished, but stressed that all incidents of violence in the country, whether in jharkhand, west bengal or kerala, should be treated the same and law should take its course.
;;0.0;;incidentally,the proposal faced stiff opposition from the state congress after chief minister narendramodi announced it before the civic polls in october 2010.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi has asked his ministerial colleagues to give details of tours, if any, undertaken by them during the last three months, an exercise aimed at ascertaining whether they promoted demonetisation and other initiatives, sources said.
;;0.7579;;(source: file)aimed at boosting indias performance in future olympic games, prime minister narendramodi on friday announced that a task force would be set up to prepare a comprehensive action plan for effective participation of indian sportspersons in the next three olympic games  2020, 2024 and 2028.
;;0.0;;hours before leaving for the howdy modi event in houston, prime minister narendramodi said the event will be a new milestone in the relationship and ties between india and the us.
;;-0.3182;;at ambedkar university, narendramodi referring to rohith said, that india has lost a son.
;;0.0;;this comes after prime minister narendramodi asked the ministry to expedite development of the 13 proposed theme-based circuits so that they can be completed during the tenure of the current government, sources have said.
;;0.1531;;on november 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi announced the controversial decision to make all the notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000, representing over 86 per cent of the outstanding currency in a cash-dominant economy, invalid.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday said that a street in delhi has been named after former russia ambassador to india alexander kadakin, who passed away recently.
;;0.8591;;(file)prime minister narendramodi , who on thursday laid the foundation stone of new bjp hq building in new delhi, said this is a small step in the saffron partys commitment to sabka saath, sabka vikas, adding that his party faced greater hardships than the congress party during the british rule.
;;-0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi on friday announced ex-gratia of rs two lakh for the kin of each of those killed in an accident in uttar pradesh .
;;0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on monday said certain pharma companies were upset about his governments decision to reduce the price of stents and certain medication.
;;-0.5994;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi said that his government had been able to rule the state for 10 years due to support of the people,in spite of several hate campaigns launched against the state.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , in an election speech in the state, had said that over 40 tmc legislators were in touch with the bjp.
;;0.6369;;launching indias act far east policy, prime minister narendramodi on thursday announced usd 1-billion line of credit for the development of russias the far east  this is the first-ever region-specific line of credit in a foreign country extended by india.
;;0.5994;;reuters/hannibal hanschkeaddressing a joint press conference in berlin, prime minister narendramodi and german chancellor angela merkel on tuesday said they conducted a comprehensive review of bilateral relations and discussed new and upcoming opportunities and challenges in asia, europe and across the world.
;;0.8316;;chief minister narendramodi today said it is high time that the police and various other security agencies develop modern and scientific methods to strengthen internal security with the help of skilled manpower.
;;0.872;;also read: j&k debate should include j, k, ladakh, pok: pm narendramodi at all-party meetmeanwhile, in a statement given to ani, balochistan activist hammal haider baloch on saturday said, we welcome pm modis statement to support freedom movement of balochistan.
;;0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi had on wednesday announced that india successfully test-fired an anti-satellite missile by shooting down a live satellite, describing it as a rare achievement that puts the country in an exclusive club of space super powers.
;;0.4588;;on december 31, prime minister narendramodi had announced interest subsidy of up to 4 per cent on loans taken in the new year under the pradhan mantri awaas yojana.
;;-0.296;;however, earlier today, prime minister narendramodi , speaking at the krishi unnati mela 2018, said that confusion was being spread about the budget decision to fix msp for crops, at least 1.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabha prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabhaspeaking against corruption and black money during his reply to the debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in rajya sabha, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the governments fight against corruption is not political.
;;0.2263;;rajdeep sardesai (@sardesairajdeep) september 17, 2016on his 66th birthday, prime minister narendramodi will announce projects worth nearly rs. 3,800 crore t limkheda in dahod district of gujarat.
;;0.6486;;tejashwi yadav said, (the) theatrics with which pm narendramodi announced the fictitious special package, he should apologise to the people of bihar for not keeping his word in the same style.
;;0.0258;;in july, this year, trump, after meeting the pakistan pm, claimed that prime minister narendramodi had also asked him to mediate on the matter.
;;0.3612;;india will raise the target of restoring degraded land from 21 million hectares to 26 million hectares, prime minister narendramodi said on monday at the 14th conference of parties to united nations convention to combat desertification (unccd).
;;0.9501;;pm narendramodi said it is important that this occasion be celebrated in a manner that ensures mahatma gandhi continues to be an inspiration for future generations (pti photo) pm narendramodi said it is important that this occasion be celebrated in a manner that ensures mahatma gandhi continues to be an inspiration for future generations (pti photo)the president said, when we work for an india free of caste and religious prejudice, we invoke gandhiji.
;;-0.9559;;b'kathua, unnao case: the father of the 8-year-old girl, who was gangraped and killed, in udhampur (express photo/shuaib masoodi) kathua, unnao case: the father of the 8-year-old girl, who was gangraped and killed, in udhampur (express photo/shuaib masoodi)breaking his silence on the gangrape and murder of an eight-year-old girl in j&ks kathua and the alleged rape of a teenager in ups unnao, which sparked outrage across the country, prime minister narendramodi said friday that our daughters will definitely get justice.
;;0.4767;;(pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that sainthood for mother teresa is a memorable and proud moment, after her canonisation at the vatican.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendramodi has announced a high-level inquiry committee headed by retired chief secretary manjula subramaniam to probe into the incident.
;;0.0772;;in the same year, nearly a month after prime minister narendramodi announced the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, it was reported that a record number of 564 maoists surrendered in the last 28 days.
;;0.2235;;jaishankars comments came a day after prime minister narendramodi had said that connectivity in itself cannot override or undermine the sovereignty of other nations.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on monday said that officials are considering whether to upgrade facilities within the present parliament house, or to construct a new building.
;;0.5719;;congratulating pm narendramodi and home minister amit shah for scrapping j&ks special status, adityanath said the dream of mahatma gandhi, sardar patel, br ambedkar, sp mookerjee and subhash chandra bose has been achieved.
;;0.34;;in a speech at a public rally a week after he announced his governments decision to pull out high value notes in mid november, prime minister, narendramodi had said that the move was ten months in the making.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi said his demise was a personal loss and that he was with dave late wednesday evening discussing key policy issues.
;;-0.4588;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said that mobile phones were banned from his meetings because he often found officers checking social media sites in the midst of official discussions.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had said that while the new constitution was a major achievement, more was needed to accommodate all aspirations.
;;0.0;;in his interview to cnn-news 18, prime minister narendramodi said his job was to perform, reform, transform and, now, inform.
;;0.5106;;b'prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendramodi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)expressing his confidence in the youth, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said theres always something to learn from the conversations with young generation and that he tries to listen to their experiences.
;;0.2023;;(source: twitter/@narendramodi)saying that nepal is at the top of indias neighbourhood first policy, prime minister narendramodi on friday announced a rs 100 crore package to develop janakpur, while invoking mythological links between the two countries.
;;0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi announced about the demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 pm on the same day after cabinets approval.
;;-0.7845;;prime minister narendramodi on november 8 last year had announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
;;-0.2944;;earlier, after the bilateral meeting with the crown prince, prime minister narendramodi said they were in agreement that there was a need to ramp up pressure on countries extending any sort of support to terrorism.
;;-0.2144;;prime minister narendramodi had then said that we mark not merely the end of a problem but the beginning of a new future.
;;0.296;;prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabha prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabhaspeaking in rajya sabha on wednesday, prime minister narendramodi said that media promoted the swachh bharat movement even as the opposition failed to offer support.
;;-0.296;;advertisinghailing the passage of the bill which makes instant talaq a criminal offence, prime minister narendramodi said it was a victory of gender justice.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on thursday asked his party mps to expose the lies and disinformation campaign of the opposition over the governments stand on obcs and the gst legislation by studying the facts and creating the right awareness about them.
;;-0.4754;;prime minister narendramodi said he was extremely pained by the incident.
;;0.5423;;asserting that his governments decisions on jammu and kashmir were driven by national interest and not politics, prime minister narendramodi has said that abrogation of special status to j&k under article 370 of the constitution will empower democracy there even more, as the provision had all along helped the local political class avoid transparency and accountability.
;;0.0;;this is exactly what prime minister narendramodi has also said, he said.
;;0.0;;from the same stage, prime minister narendramodi said he doesnt need anyones advice on kashmir.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendramodi said 1.
;;0.0;;(source: ap photo) prime minister narendramodi said 1.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said india will engage constructively on all pressing international priorities and challenges with world leaders as he is looks forward to a productive and outcome oriented g20 summit in chinas hangzhou that begins from sunday.
;;0.0;;however, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday told a delegation of dalit mps that the nda government would continue its welfare initiatives taken for sc/st communities.
;;-0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi announced ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh for the next of kin of those killed and rs 50,000 for those seriously injured, from the prime ministers national relief fund.
;;-0.7096;;on monday, prime minister narendramodi said that future generations will talk of our struggle to rejuvenate the narmada river on monday, prime minister narendramodi said that future generations will talk of our struggle to rejuvenate the narmada riveron monday, prime minister narendramodi said that future generations will talk of our struggle to rejuvenate the narmada river.
;;0.0;;not just this, prime minister narendramodi has asked them to present videos of their meetings and press conferences too.
;;0.0;;he also said he would not remove the red beacon even if prime minister narendramodi asked him to.
;;0.4019;;in 2014, prime minister narendramodi announced the swachh bharat, or clean india, campaign and vowed to eliminate open defecation nationwide in five years.
;;0.4215;;although prime minister narendramodi has said indians felt proud about the canonisation, the head of a hindu grassroots movement that supports his government provoked controversy last year by accusing mother teresa of seeking to convert people to christianity.
;;0.1779;;gujarat chief minister narendramodi said on sunday that the people will forgive the mistakes of a government if it serves them well.
;;0.8225;;speaking at guruvayur in kerala, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said, those who made us win are ours and those who did not make us win are also ours.
;;0.4588;;in a historic declaration, prime minister narendramodi had announced a reduction in interest  6.
;;0.0;;in november 2015, prime minister narendramodi announced a package of rs 80,068 crore for j&k.
;;0.3612;;bjp in its lok kalyan sankalp patra (manifesto) had promised to waive loans of small and marginal farmers, and prime minister narendramodi had said in his election speeches that writing off the farmers loans would be among the foremost tasks of the partys government.
;;0.6808;;prime minister narendramodi (pti file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti file photo)after congratulating the top 10 cities which were rated the cleanest in the country, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said healthy competition augurs well for the country.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , who visited the temple town of tirupati on sunday, said newly-elected andhra pradesh chief minister y s jagan mohan reddy will receive all support from the centre.
;;0.2023;;this chowkidar has not left any stone unturned in keeping the nations standing intact, prime minister narendramodi told a rally in jaipur.
;;0.3818;;(source: pti photo)the ban on the use of red beacons, which will come into force from monday, is aimed at removing the vip culture from the minds of certain people and replace it with the concept of every person is important (epi), prime minister narendramodi said on sunday.
;;0.0;;taking a swipe at the upa government at the centre,chief minister narendramodi on friday said the manmohan singh government was for the foreigners,by the foreigners and of the foreigners.
;;0.857;;after bharatiya janata party (bjp) organised the partys minority or to be more exact muslim convention a few weeks ago in gandhinagar where chief minister narendramodi asked the partys muslim supporters not to feel shy of identifying themselves as bha-ja-piya muslims,it is now the turn of the congress to woo the community as the december 2012 assembly elections draws closer.
;;-0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi , in his interview to network 18, told editor rahul joshi that his vision for the country is to make it poverty-free and empower the poor.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi said that bundesliga has a widespread following in india.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) prime minister narendramodi said that bundesliga has a widespread following in india.
;;0.0;;(source: pti)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said the german football league has a vast following in india.
;;-0.4019;;criticising the diesel price hike,chief minister narendramodi on thursday said it would affect farmers the most.
;;-0.4588;;(pti photo)in a fresh bid to reach out to people of the valley, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said ekta (unity) and mamata (love) are the basic mantras for addressing kashmir problem even as he slammed those pushing innocent children to violence, saying they will have to answer them some day.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said he looks forward to deepening indias association with the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), a day ahead of his visit to kazakhstan to attend the summit of the six-nation.
;;-0.4215;;prime minister of india narendramodi modi,bjp national president amit shah at new chief minister yogi aditya nath oath taking ceremoney at smriti upvan in lucknow on sunday (express photo by vishal srivastav) prime minister of india narendramodi modi,bjp national president amit shah at new chief minister yogi aditya nath oath taking ceremoney at smriti upvan in lucknow on sunday (express photo by vishal srivastav)prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the sole mission and motive is development of uttar pradesh, in an apparent bid to allay fears about hardline hindutva leader yogi adityanath taking over as chief minister.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had earlier said the government wants to build consensus for the passage of these bills.
;;-0.25;;last month, prime minister narendramodi had said that the government had cancelled the registration of over one lakh companies in one fell swoop and that more than 37,000 shell companies had been identified for further action.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi has said he is dedicated to the welfare of dalits, and added that those self-appointed guardians who see this as an obstruction to their politics were creating hurdles and tension in the country.
;;0.5106;;addressing a rally in haryanas rohtak, prime minister narendramodi said first 100 days (of the governments second term) has been of development, trust and big changes in the country.
;;0.3818;;(source: ani)prime minister narendramodi today said the world would accept ayurvedic products with alacrity if they were packaged in a modern way.
;;0.6705;;prem nath pandeyhaving already asked bjp legislators to be in election mode, prime minister narendramodi on friday asked party mps from states governed by opposition parties to focus on the youth and use the digital platform to reach out to them ahead of 2019 lok sabha elections.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi and the chief minister announced an ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh and rs 4 lakh respectively to the kin of those killed in the incident.
;;0.0;;after four years in office, prime minister narendramodi has announced his intention to give farmers msps that are at least 50 per cent above the cost (a2+fl and not c2).
;;0.8481;;welcoming the icj verdict, prime minister narendramodi said that truth and justice have prevailed.
;;0.872;;(express photo by amit mehra)ahead of his visit to sweden and the united kingdom, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said he was looking forward to deepening bilateral engagement with both the countries in a number of areas including trade, investment and clean energy.
;;-0.128;;(pti photo)hitting out at stone pelters in kashmir and hailing the new chenani-nashri tunnel that would reduce the the time taken to travel between jammu and srinagar, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that while some people in the valley are busy throwing stones, some are trying to change the future of the state by cutting the same stone and making a tunnel out of it.
;;-0.5423;;taking a dig at the congress-led upa government over the issue of corruption,chief minister narendramodi on saturday said these days people wondered as to who was going to be the next leader of the ruling alliance to face arrest on graft charges.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi in his independence day speech in 2015 announced that these villages will be electrified within the next 1000 days.
;;-0.128;;the fight against terrorism, extremism and radicalisation is not against any particular religion, but is against the mindset which misleads our youth to inflict atrocities against the innocent, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday.
;;-0.7096;;prime minister narendramodi said he was pained by the accident in agra.
;;0.872;;therefore, we need to make the mind strong, prime minister narendramodi told children on monday as he encouraged them to read biographies of leaders, sportspersons and others who have done great deeds in their lives.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi , on november 29 last year, had asked bjp mps and mlas to submit their bank account statements of transaction between november 8, the day he announced demonetisation, and december 31 to party chief amit shah on january 1.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi announced in december 2016 that all pregnant and lactating women would be given rs 6000 under the scheme.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , in his independence day address, announced an investment of rs 100 lakh crore in infrastructure development.
;;0.4588;;(source: pti) narendramodi said he is grateful to females and elders of haryana for responding to his appeal of beti bachao, beti padhao.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi has asked all bjp mps to undertake a 150-km padayatra (march) in their constituencies between october 2 and 31 in an effort to make celebrations of mahatma gandhis 150th birth anniversary an opportunity to reach out to villages and semi-urban areas.
;;0.4129;;when narendramodi says that the indans armys surgical strikes were video games he is not insulting the congress, he is insulting the army.
;;0.1531;;ahead of the summit, prime minister narendramodi on friday said he was looking forward to building bridges to new partnerships and finding common resolve and solutions to entrenched problems of the region.
;;0.5574;;(source: file/pti) narendramodi said indian participants in other events like hockey, shooting and boxing also performed well.
;;0.2023;;(source: file/pti)prime minister narendramodi on sunday said ekta (unity) and mamata (love) are the basic mantras for addressing the kashmir problem even as he slammed those pushing children to create unrest, saying they will have to give answers to those innocent kids some day.
;;0.0;;on monday, during the meeting with khan, trump had also claimed that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on kashmir.
;;0.4019;;(pti photo)peace, unity and harmony are at the core of various philosophies in the country, prime minister narendramodi said in a message today as a chadar was offered on his behalf at sufi saint hazrat khwaja moinuddin chishtis shrine at ajmer sharif.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi too had said in his campaign speeches that writing off farm loans would be among the foremost tasks of the bjp government in uttar pradesh.
;;-0.3632;;his remarks came two days after prime minister narendramodi said india has never attacked any country, nor has it been hungry for any territory but made supreme sacrifice fighting for others, referring to the two world wars.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi (file photo) prime minister narendramodi (file photo)hours after the union cabinet decided to do away with red beacons on top of officials cars, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said, every indian is special.
;;-0.743;;speaking at a joint press conference, prime minister narendramodi said he discussed trade, terrorism, islamic radicalisation as well as threats in the region.
;;0.7003;;reuters/axel schmidtprime minister narendramodi said he had a wonderful meeting with german chancellor angela merkel and discussed multiple aspects relating to bilateral cooperation as well as other global issues with her.
;;0.0;;a day later, he had claimed that he would not remove the red beacon even if prime minister narendramodi asked him to.
;;0.6908;;accusing the previous congress regimes of gujarat of creating polity of the love of chair,chief minister narendramodi today said unlike them,his government was working for farmers welfare.
;;0.0;;according to thomas and sardesai, prime minister narendramodi said he had noted all the issues the leaders had raised.
;;0.4767;;in remarks that angered new delhi and were quickly denied, us president donald trump monday said that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to play the role of a mediator on kashmir, and if i can help, i would love to be the mediator between india and pakistan.
;;-0.4767;;b'prime minister narendramodi earlier asked the people to beware of its fake protectors trying to divide society.
;;-0.4767;;(file) prime minister narendramodi earlier asked the people to beware of its fake protectors trying to divide society.
;;0.7783;;(pti photo/file)prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the sanitation coverage in the country has increased from 38 per cent to nearly 80 per cent and asserted that the swachh bharat mission is playing a central role in creating a healthy india.
;;0.8979;;prime minister narendramodi at vibrant gujarat summit prime minister narendramodi at vibrant gujarat summitinaugurating the vibrant gujarat global summit in gandhinagar, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said gujarat represents the business spirit of india.
;;0.1779;;b'prime minister narendramodi on friday announced a fast by bjp mps on april 12 to protest the impasse caused by the opposition party in parliament.
;;0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi on friday announced a fast by bjp mps on april 12 to protest the impasse caused by the opposition party in parliament.
;;-0.2732;;accusing the congress of taking parliamentary proceedings to a new low with its conduct, prime minister narendramodi on friday announced a fast by bjp mps on april 12 to protest the impasse caused by the opposition party in parliament, which saw a washout of the second half of the budget session.
;;-0.9042;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday announced rs two lakh each as compensation for the next of the kin of the dead in kollam temple fire in which more than 80 people have been killed.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi has recently announced that he would appoint a high-powered committee to find a permanent solution for assams recurring flood problem.
;;-0.743;;twitter.com/asr5ixob1t  burj khalifa (@burjkhalifa) january 25, 2017speaking at a joint press conference, prime minister narendramodi said earlier in the day he discussed trade, terrorism, islamic radicalisation as well as threats in the region.
;;0.0;;in his only rally in tuensanf, prime minister narendramodi said if the ndpp-bjp alliance was voted to power, two engines of development, one from the state, and one from the centre would propel the state.
;;0.3818;;on sunday, prime minister narendramodi said that it was our duty to protect and respect the poor and dalit people of our country.
;;0.5267;;pm narendramodi and donald trump (right) pm narendramodi and donald trump (right)prime minister narendramodi , who spoke to us president donald trump late tuesday night over telephone, said both leaders have agreed to work closely to strengthen bilateral ties.
;;0.8738;;(pti photo)making a strong pitch to consider urbanisation as an opportunity to mitigate poverty and not as a problem, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said cities have to be strengthened through comprehensive and inter-connected approach combined with increased public participation.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the corridors construction in february with a target of rs 20,000 crore in investments and creation of about 2.
;;0.6486;;on implementation of demonetisation process, prime minister narendramodi yesterday said the government was always ready for the discussion on the issue but the opposition was only interested in tv bytes and not debates.
;;0.7003;;describing internet as a gamechanger,gujarat chief minister narendramodi said thursday politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance,accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people.
;;0.1027;;(file)prime minister narendramodi today said the government is taking several steps to promote young entrepreneurs in the country, adding that startups are no longer confined to big cities.
;;0.4404;;earlier today, speaking ahead of the 17th lok sabhas first session, prime minister narendramodi said, we are working to fulfill peoples aspiration.
;;0.4767;;(photo: pti)prime minister narendramodi on friday said that his governments digidhan scheme will become a global reference point, attracting international universities to do research on it.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi said this recently in his mann ki baat.
;;-0.7579;;at an election rally earlier this year, prime minister narendramodi himself said that the kanpur rail accident was a conspiracy from across the border.
;;0.0;;patole said, prime minister narendramodi said in parliament the other day that bjp mps were elected because of him.
;;0.0;;illustrations: c r sasikumarprime minister narendramodi in his mann ki baat broadcast on february 28 said he has a big exam the next day.
;;0.2023;;playing down the controversy over us president donald trumps claim that prime minister narendramodi asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, kumar said it is time to move on.
;;0.0;;during lok sabha poll campaigning, prime minister narendramodi had said the congress government in madhya pradesh was in shambles as more than one person was wielding the power of chief ministership.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had said that those behind the despicable act will not go unpunished.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi (pti /file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti /file photo)with still two months left till the goods and services tax (gst) roll out, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said consensus on the new tax regime will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism.
;;0.1119;;(express archive)still to go public with the future of its alliance with the bjp, the pdp is cut up that there has hardly been any progress on the implementation of the economic package that prime minister narendramodi announced for jammu & kashmir on november 7.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , in his second interview to a private news channel, said that theres mistrust between states sometimes on taxes, but the introduction of gst will make this process very transparent.
;;0.6551;;(source: file)prime minister narendramodi on saturday said that india is proud of all of its athletes participating in the rio olympics, and urged them not to feel burdened about the results.
