;;0.0;;many educational institutions had been under the government scanner over alleged monetary discrepancies even before prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation exercise on november 8.
;;0.4588;;highlighting the need to increase tax base and adopt new technology, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked young tax officials to be people-centric.
;;-0.8316;;speaking about the steps being taken by the government to address the grievances, complaints and petitions of the migrant workers, prime minister narendramodi in his address to the pbd-2017 earlier on sunday said that strict action is being taken against illegal recruitment agents in india.
;;0.8979;;the make in india mittelstand (miim) launched to encourage german small and medium industry (sme) to india has evoked major interest in germany, giving further boost to bilateral business ties, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday.
;;0.3089;;the world has increasingly become inter-connected and inter-dependent, a transformation that has made it necessary for india and china to cooperate on trade and investments despite a simmering border dispute, prime minister narendramodi said on friday.
;;-0.1419;;editorialsupdated: sep 01, 2019 18:02 istaddressing a malayalam manorama media conclave on friday, prime minister narendramodi said that people do not need to agree on everything, but there must be civility in public life for differing streams to be able to hear each others point of view.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced on november 8 last year the governments decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1000 bank notes, in a move aimed at tackling black money.
;;-0.7096;;new delhi/gonda: conspirators from across the border were responsible for a train derailment near kanpur that killed 150 people and injured more than 200 last november, prime minister narendramodi said on friday.
;;0.8481;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday said that in order to talk of peace it is essential to be strong as he came down heavily on the opposition, particularly congress, over national security.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on friday asked the congress leaders to mind their language as he has everyones dossier, which he can disclose, while dubbing the harish rawat government in uttarakhand as most corrupt.
;;-0.7096;;those who question indias surgical strikes on militant launch pads in pakistan-occupied kashmir should speak to families of army martyrs, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday, in comments apparently aimed at stoking a raging debate over nationalism.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the only vision of the congress was to create divisions in communities, while congress president rahul gandhi accused him of dividing the nation, sending the political mercury soaring a day before the second phase of the lok sabha elections.
;;-0.3612;;last month, prime minister narendramodi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings, post demonetisation.
;;-0.5423;;prime minster narendramodi has said that the government was taking steps to double farmers income by 2022, and let me say that if we fail to do so then you can kick the bjp out of power, he added.
;;-0.875;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday said his government managed to contain terrorism to only two and a half districts in jammu and kashmir and that no bomb blast took place elsewhere in the country in last five years.
;;-0.5897;;prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that people of kashmir want to join the mainstream of development and those trying to spread hate and obstruct development works in kashmir will never succeed.
;;0.0;;the government is not an elected contractor but think what you can contribute for the country, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday.
;;0.7579;;read: teesta water deal: one issue where mamata loses nothing by sitting tightat a joint press conference narendramodi said the agreement was crucial for bilateral ties and expressed hope that the bengal chief minister will eventually support it.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday claimed that the west bengal police, in connivance with the state government, was trying to wipe out evidence of the desecration of ishwar chandra vidyasagars statue.
;;0.4767;;adityanaths comments come a day after prime minister narendramodi asked party workers to stand by muslim women who want to fight triple talaq, saying dignity was guaranteed to all under the constitution.
;;-0.5267;;pointing out that 70 days have passed since prime minister narendramodi announced the scrapping of high-denomination currency notes on november 8, surjewala said, failure to restore the cash supply has paralysed indias economy, leading to massive loss of jobs and closure of businesses on a daily basis.
;;0.6124;;prior to november 8, the day prime minister narendramodi announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 banknotes, around rs 13,000 crore was fed daily into the countrys 220,000 atms.read | 50 days of demonetisation: atm queues shorter but ripples to remain in januarythough cash situation is better, queues can still be seen outside several atm kiosks, primarily due to withdrawal restrictions  rs 4,500 per day and rs 24,000 a week.
;;0.5859;;dehradun: yoga has the potential to create a new era of togetherness and harmony, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday.
;;0.4588;;at his recent election rallies, prime minister narendramodi said india warned pakistan of serious consequences and asked islamabad to ensure the safety of varthaman.
;;0.3182;;after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8, the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy.
;;-0.6486;;she revealed that after garmin employee kuchibhotla was shot dead by a former us soldier in kansas, prime minister narendramodi asked her every day what mea (ministry of external affairs) is doing and what it plans to do in future.
;;0.0;;#watch: pm narendramodi says in rajya sabha 'bathroom mein raincoat pehen kar nahaane ki kala sirf dr. sahab(mms) hi jaante hain' pic.
;;-0.1027;;since november 8 midnight, when the prime minister narendramodi announced the currency ban, the i-t, enforcement directorate (ed) and the police have seized crores of unaccounted wealth.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had recently said the new uttar pradesh government would take a decision on a loan waiver scheme for farmers of the state.
;;0.7003;;twitter.com/0vztis0euh  narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 31, 2017with hours to go before the summit, indian officials told pti that last-minute talks are taking place to iron out details and language of the agreement on a line of credit for building unit 5 and 6 of the kundankulam nuclear power plant in tamil nadu.
;;-0.8167;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said that terrorism is the biggest threat to humanity which not only kills innocents but also severely affects the economic development and social stability.
;;0.0;;addressing bread-and-butter issues such as electricity and roads has been among the big achievements of the national democratic alliance government, prime minister narendramodi said.
;;-0.8807;;spoiling environment for future generations immoral and criminal, says pm modiit would be an immoral and criminal act to spoil the environment for future generations, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday, and underlined the need to protect nature, as the donald trump administration mulls to overturn the us position on the 2015 paris climate accord.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , however, announced the decision on november 8 last year.
;;0.2732;;india is committed to working closely with the maldives to deepen the partnership between the two sides and to assist the indian ocean archipelagos socio-economic development, prime minister narendramodi told president ibrahim mohamed solih on monday.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the sudden decision to scrap rs 1,000 and rs 500 currency notes in a televised address to the nation on 8 november 2016, leading to a severe shortage of cash in the economy.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi said that as far he knows, the previous united progressive alliance (upa) government did not launch any surgical strikes as claimed by the former prime minister manmohan singh in an interview with hindustan times last week.
;;0.4215;;earlier this week, prime minister narendramodi told german chancellor angela merkel that india will stay in the accord, irrespective of what the united states does.
;;-0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi said that pitrodas comment showed congresss arrogance and character.
;;0.2732;;in a subsequent interview, prime minister narendramodi said he could never find it in his heart to forgive her.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday told bharatiya janata party mps to undertake a 150-km padyatra (foot march) in their constituencies to mark the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the defence corridor project for uttar pradesh at the investors summit in the state capital on february 21 last year.
;;0.0;;following gandhis statement during the karnataka assembly poll campaign in bengaluru, prime minister narendramodi said the congress president is day-dreaming.
;;0.2732;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 14:20 istthe indian space research organisation will stay the course to realise indias dream to reach the moon, prime minister narendramodi announced in mumbai soon after wrapping up his visit to the isro facility in bengaluru for the lunar mission chandrayaan-2.
;;-0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi never asked us president donald trump to help mediate with pakistan their dispute over the kashmir region, external affairs minister s jaishankar said on tuesday, after trumps comments during a white house interaction with pakistan prime minister imran khan set off a storm of criticism.
;;0.0;;speaking about the show, prime minister narendramodi said, for years, i have lived among nature, in the mountains and the forests.
;;0.25;;it accurately highlighted the monumental injustices of the past and coherently presented our vision for the sisters and brothers of j&k, prime minister narendramodi said in a tweet.
;;-0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi announced an ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh for the next of kin of each of those killed.
;;0.9325;;8:25 am ist g20 summit will also be a platform for sharing indias strong developmental experience of last 5 years: pm modi prime minister narendramodi said that the g 20 summit will also be a platform for sharing indias strong developmental experience of the last five years, which provided the basis for a resounding mandate by the people of india to the government to continue on the path of progress and stability.
;;0.8126;;on december 31, 2016, prime minister narendramodi announced an additional subsidy on home loan interest rates, saying that the government will facilitate 4  and 3  interest rate rebate for housing loans of up to rs 9 lakh and rs 12 lakh, respectively.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi announced last december two components of credit-linked subsidy within the scheme.
;;0.802;;win over your opponents and focus on winning 2024 election from now on, prime minister narendramodi told bjp legislators in early august, even before the dust had settled on the 2019 race.
;;0.0;;months before prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country, a low level government karmachari in jharkhands latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction.
;;-0.9136;;those who lynched a young muslim man in jharkhand deserve the severest punishment, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday, and added that violence in any part of the country should be condemned equally.
;;-0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi addressing rallies at jhargram and tamluk in the state monday said that in bengal people are not allowed to chant jai shri ram and that saying it in public places is regarded as a crime here.
;;0.8074;;pm narendramodi said he was happy to see a positive response to his previous request --to inculcate a habit of reading books-- made to all his listeners.
;;-0.4019;;prime minister narendramodi asked first-time voters to dedicate their votes to the forces that carried out an air strike in pakistans balakot and congress president rahul gandhi accused him of running away from a debate on corruption on tuesday, ratcheting up the rhetoric just two days before voting begins in this summers general elections.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said he held fruitful talks with visiting nepal president bidhya devi bhandari.
;;0.6115;;prime minister narendramodi said on monday he had a very good interaction with german chancellor angela merkel as he met the leader at her country retreat near berlin for informal talks.
;;-0.3182;;indiaupdated: sep 07, 2019 10:46 isthours after indias moon mission took a hit when the vikram lander lost contact with isros control centre in bengaluru in the final minutes, prime minister narendramodi told indian space scientists on saturday that there will be a new dawn.
;;0.9169;;i hope the brave steps towards peace taken by president ghani will be respected by all in the region, says pm narendramodi at sco summit.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi said thursday the ties between india and japan have become stronger from the time the two countries cooperated to make a car to coming together to manufacture the bullet trains.
;;0.7184;;the clean india mission has become a mass movement and over 100 districts across the country have become open defecation free (odf), prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday.
;;-0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi said on last friday he will never be able to forgive thakur for insulting mahatma gandhi.
;;0.4019;;the abolition of triple talaq will contribute to women empowerment and give women the dignity they deserve in our society, prime minister narendramodi said on twitter.
;;-0.6808;;with the country gearing up for the sixth phase of voting for the lok sabha elections 2019 on sunday, prime minister narendramodi has said the award-wapsi gang has shied away from standing up for the dalit woman who was raped in alwar last month.
;;0.0;;stressing the importance of information technology and communication in changing times, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that courts could use video conferencing to communicate with government officials instead of summoning them to appear in court, saving time and money.
;;0.34;;in his independence day speech, prime minister narendramodi said the government was determined to make india a $5 trillion economy in the next five years through several initiatives, including rs 100 lakh crore of investment in infrastructure.
;;-0.4588;;also watch | pm modi didnt seek zakir naiks extradition: malaysian pmjaishankars statement came in the wake of malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad on tuesday rejecting the claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked for the islamic preacher to be extradited to india.
;;0.8225;;prime minister narendramodi had on wednesday announced that india successfully test-fired an anti-satellite missile by shooting down a live satellite, describing it as a rare achievement that puts the country in an exclusive club of space super powers.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced that the loan would be waived in the first meeting of state cabinet.
;;0.4215;;united states president donald trump, at a meeting with pakistan prime minister imran khan, on monday, claimed prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on kashmir.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday said that the indian army cannot wait for clearance from the election commission of india (ec) to take action against terrorists.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi , while addressing an election rally at himmatnagar in gujarat on wednesday, said that the upa government had tried to topple the then gujarat government and had falsely implicated and jailed the now bjp president amit shah and gujarati police officers.
;;0.0;;releasing the bjp sankalp patra, or manifesto, for lok sabha elections 2019 on monday, prime minister narendramodi said the government was moving ahead with one mission and one direction.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi said on thursday that india does not eye anyones territory and resources and maintained that the countrys development model is based on give and take.
;;-0.296;;he said prime minister narendramodi has repeatedly said that no power in the world can abolish reservation.
;;0.8658;;editorialsupdated: aug 27, 2019 19:10 istit has taken one month for united states president donald trump to go from claiming prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on kashmir to declaring it was a matter best left for india and pakistan to resolve on their own.
;;0.2263;;last week, prime minister narendramodi had said both ice-fitted automobiles and evs cab can co-exist, raising hope for some relief to automobile companies grappling with the crisis in the sector amid a slowdown in the economy.
;;-0.4019;;the victory was enough for prime minister narendramodi to announce odisha as his partys next battleground in the national executive held in april last year.
;;-0.8968;;indiaupdated: aug 20, 2019 08:41 istagainst the backdrop of the pakistani leaderships belligerent claims that indias change of the status of jammu and kashmir could lead to war, prime minister narendramodi told us president donald trump on monday that extreme rhetoric and incitement to anti-india violence wasnt conducive to peace.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the pm crop insurance scheme, the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana, in 2015.
;;-0.8462;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the lynching of a young man by a mob in jharkhand had pained him but said it was unfair to blame the entire state for it.
;;-0.6597;;if something is wrong, let us admit it and not live in denial simply because prime minister narendramodi has said it is wrong, she said.
;;0.6124;;prime minister narendramodi in his congratulatory tweet said, pranab da is an outstanding statesman of our times.
;;0.0516;;interacting with party lawmakers on sunday, prime minister narendramodi said, we make mistakes and give masala (fodder) to the media.
;;0.0;;i have set a target to reduce import dependence by 10  by 2022, prime minister narendramodi told the petrotech conference in new delhi last month.
;;-0.2023;;indiaupdated: aug 15, 2019 08:25 istprime minister narendramodi said on thursday his government took steps to help muslim women stop living in fear and removed the practice of triple talaq as he addressed the nation in his sixth straight independence day speech.
;;-0.7003;;prime minister narendramodi told nda allies on monday night that there were no differences between them, though some of the partners made discordant noises over issues such as the ban on beef and liquor shops.
;;-0.3612;;barely a week after prime minister narendramodi asked bjp leaders at the partys national executive meeting not to seek tickets for their relatives in the assembly elections in five states, he chose to ignore his own words.
;;0.3252;;in an election rally in gujarat , prime minister narendramodi on thursday said sardar vallabhbhai patels statue in gujarat was not intended to disrespect former prime minister jawaharlal nehru.
;;0.2263;;indiaupdated: aug 13, 2019 22:50 istprime minister narendramodi said on tuesday that sushma swaraj as external affairs minister transformed her ministry from being bound to protocol to one oriented to peoples call and recalled she had urged him to deliver his first un speech from a prepared text and not speak impromptu.
;;-0.6369;;on wednesday, prime minister narendramodi had said that it is unfortunate that some people feel that the country will get back to 16th century no sooner they hear the word om and cow.
;;-0.4588;;q: prime minister narendramodi recently said you have allied with a party that tried to kill your father in 1984.
;;0.7096;;recalling high-value banknotes was a right decision made at the right time as the economy was in good health and there was a brief lull in business after the peak festive season, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday.
;;-0.0276;;and prime minister narendramodi announced that there are no vips, every indian is a very important person.
;;0.2023;;the government on friday said no decision has been taken on limiting to the first child only the maternity benefit programme (mbp) prime minister narendramodi announced in his televised address on the new years eve.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has asked taxmen to take necessary steps against all those who are in possession of benami properties and focus on broadening the tax net.
;;-0.1027;;since november 8, when prime minister narendramodi announced the invalidation of high-value currency notes, and their replacement with new ones, with assorted (and ever-changing) conditionalities and constraints, they have been hard at work, sometimes even over weekends.
;;0.6249;;indiaupdated: aug 26, 2019 01:31 istit is time india moved beyond conservation and thought about compassion to create an environment where nature and wildlife can flourish, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has asked taxmen to take necessary steps against those with benami properties and focus on broadening the tax net.
;;0.6486;;prime minister narendramodi said on his government is focused on development of railways shedding earlier practices wherein the ministry was used as a bargaining tool by the main ruling party to distribute trophies to its allies.
;;0.0;;(pti)recalling how on november 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi told the countrys 1.
;;0.0258;;maintaining that poverty alleviation and water sector are the core focus areas of his government, prime minister narendramodi on monday asked indias top bureaucrats to prepare a roadmap in order make the country a $5 trillion economy with ease of living by 2022, officials with direct knowledge of the matter said.
;;0.0;;on april 29, prime minister narendramodi said at a rally in west bengal that 40 tmc legislators were in touch with him.
;;0.743;;karnatakas voters have to choose between the bharatiya janata party (bjp) that works for progress and the congress that has only the name of its top leadership, said prime minister narendramodi on tuesday.
;;0.0;;this is a big deal in itself, prime minister narendramodi said at a press briefing -- his first in five years -- he attended with bjp president amit shah.
;;0.3875;;prime minister narendramodi , speaking to the scientists, said they should not be disheartened and should look towards a new dawn.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the demonetisation of high denomination banknotes on november 8.
;;0.6808;;earlier, prime minister narendramodi said india supports connectivity projects that are inclusive, transparent and respect territorial sovereignty.
;;0.0;;analysisupdated: aug 14, 2019 07:53 istafter his government voided article 370, prime minister narendramodi said that a new age has begun in jammu-kashmir and ladakh.
;;0.34;;vehicle registration at the city rtos dropped last year, after prime minister narendramodi announced his decision to scrap high value notes on november 8, said rto sources.
;;0.128;;prime minister narendramodi has repeatedly said that the north-east is at the heart of governments act east policy, a rechristening of the look east policy launched by pv narasimha rao government in early 1990s.
;;-0.296;;the bjp mp from unnao said, prime minister narendramodi said a crematorium should be constructed next to a graveyard.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi said of the mission as anxious faces in the 7,500-strong visitor gallery and tension in the mission control room gave way to cheers and applause.
;;0.0;;use social media for public service and not self-promotion, prime minister narendramodi told bureaucrats on friday, even as he pulled up a section of officials who he said spent too much time online.
;;-0.2023;;in a clear message amidst the chill in bilateral ties, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked pakistan to walk away from terror if it wants to have dialogue with india.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi said his government has so far distributed 10 crore lpg connections, four crore of which were given free.
;;0.0;;on march 27, prime minister narendramodi , in a televised address to the nation, announced that india has entered the elite club of nations to possess the capability to hit a target in space.
;;-0.7121;;the congress insulted dalit icon br ambedkar and does not care for the community, said prime minister narendramodi on sunday, responding after the opposition partys president rahul gandhi tweeted a video.
;;-0.7184;;prime minister narendramodi said on friday the centre has released more than rs 100o crore to all the states, which will face the brunt of cyclone fani that made landfall near puri killing two people, and all those affected that the entire country was with them.
;;0.0;;while campaigning for the lok sabha polls, narendramodi had said in north bengal that the bjp would change the face of naxalbari and alleged the mamata banerjee government had done little for it.
;;0.0;;expressing condolence on the demise of ahamed, prime minister narendramodi said the formers empowerment of the muslim community would be remembered.
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the defence corridor in uttar pradesh at investors summit in february last.
;;-0.8956;;the congress celebrates sultan jayanti to get votes in karnataka but doesnt honour other leaders, said prime minister narendramodi on sunday in remarks seen as referring to tipu sultan, the erstwhile ruler of the kingdom of mysore who died fighting the british.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi announced april 28 as a historic day, claiming that all villages in the country were electrified on that day.
;;-0.936;;indiaupdated: sep 11, 2019 18:00 istterrorism has become a global threat and this ideology is deeply rooted and flourishing in pakistan, prime minister narendramodi said today, recalling the horrific 9/11 twin tower terror attack in the us.
;;0.7845;;in the run-up to elections earlier this year, prime minister narendramodi announced a flurry of ambitious programs to win over voters.
;;-0.875;;prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday the arrogance of pakistan and terrorists had vanished after the balakot air strikes by the indian army.
;;0.25;;on the lines of what prime minister narendramodi has said in his punjab election rallies, shah, who was addressing a rally in support of bjp and sad assembly candidates and also bjps lok sabha bypoll candidate, rajinder mohan singh chhina, said, the election in punjab is an election for the security of the nation.
;;0.7351;;the paris climate agreement is a shared legacy of the world and it will benefit the future generations, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday, vowing to go above and beyond the accord to combat climate change.
;;0.6734;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday asked isro scientists not to get disheartened by the hurdles in the moon mission chandrayaan-2 and asserted that there will be a new dawn and better tomorrow.
;;-0.25;;twitter.com/drbg3yb2fh  narendramodi (@narendramodi) june 1, 20176:30 pm: in an interview to pti, putin says there is no other country in the world that russia has deep cooperation in delicate areas such as missiles.
;;0.0;;in december, prime minister narendramodi had already announced an entitlement of ?
;;-0.6597;;if something is wrong, let us admit it and not live in denial simply because prime minister narendramodi has said it is wrong, she said.
;;0.0;;analysts had projected a status quo on rates as banks are flush with cash with indians depositing old currency notes after prime minister narendramodi announced on november 8 the historic decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 bank bills.
;;-0.743;;asserting that he will not rest till those who looted the country paid back, prime minister narendramodi on sunday asked the voters in uttarakhand to give exemplary punishment in the polls to people who ruined their future.
;;-0.4754;;in a tweet on sunday, prime minister narendramodi said he was extremely pained by the incident.
;;-0.1531;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said congress president rahul gandhis public rebuke to his party leader sam pitroda for his hua to hua remark on the 1984 anti-sikh riots was a mere stunt in view of the elections in punjab where polling is scheduled to be held on may 19.
;;-0.296;;the bjp mp from unnao said, prime minister narendramodi said a crematorium should be constructed next to a graveyard.
;;0.6319;;prime minister narendramodi told scientists to not lose heart and thanked them for the milestones achieved during this historic attempt.
;;-0.1531;;the government and local agencies are providing real-time information, which i urge those in affected areas to closely follow, prime minister narendramodi said in a tweet on wednesday.
;;-0.4149;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said that india will not allow its differences with china to turn into disputes.
;;0.0;;speaking about the show, prime minister narendramodi , had said, for years, i have lived among nature, in the mountains and the forests.
;;0.0;;his plans were pushed back when prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8.
;;0.1779;;the ruling bjp does seem to have realized that climate change and droughts are a growing concern, and prime minister narendramodi announced a separate ministry for water called jal shakti.
;;0.1779;;in december 2016, prime minister narendramodi had announced to extend igmsy  then an existing pilot scheme being implemented across 53 districts  across the country.
;;0.5267;;prime minister narendramodi said, the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run india but to create a new india, adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last five-years during which the youth, women, farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes.
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi said on sunday the sp and the bsp created a culture of kuch logo ka saath, kuch logo ka vikas in politics for the sake of votes.
;;-0.6808;;prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation on november 8, a decision that sucked out 86  of the currency notes in circulation and left millions lining up at banks and atms for cash.
;;0.2732;;indiaupdated: sep 04, 2019 23:59 istindia and russia are opposed to external interference in the internal affairs of any country, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday as the two countries signed several energy deals to bolster bilateral economic ties.
;;0.4404;;india will launch the geosynchronous satellite launch vehicle (gslv-f09) carrying the gsat-9 or the south asia satellite, which prime minister narendramodi said will be a priceless gift to neighbouring countries, from the satish dhawan space centre in sriharikota in andhra pradesh on friday.
;;-0.2617;;facing opposition attack over his caste, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said he was born a backward but he doesnt do politics on such lines.
;;-0.743;;in response to a question from a reporter, president trump had made the offer during prime minister khans white house visit in july, saying even prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate -- a claim that was swiftly and summarily denied by new delhi, which also reiterated that the kashmir dispute can only be resolved bilaterally, and only after pakistan stopped supporting terrorism.
;;0.6369;;india needs a movement akin to the freedom movement for its development, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi announced rs 1000 crore assistance for odisha and he also did an ariel survey of cyclone ravaged area.
;;-0.7096;;read: didi suffering from bjp-phobia, agli bar bangla, says amit shahprime minister narendramodi has told the cbi not to spare the guilty in any investigation.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has asked for the details of all the union ministers who did not attend parliament despite being asked to be present for the session, pulling up bjp members for the second time this month.
;;0.4019;;xis assurance to khan comes a day after prime minister narendramodi told him during bilateral talks that pakistan needs to create an atmosphere clear of terror.
;;-0.34;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday said mahamilawat meant chaos and corruption and only the bjp could effectively develop upaddressing a rally at madhopur in bhadohi district, modi said india topped the world in producing handmade carpets because of the weavers of bhadohi and added that modern looms were being provided to weavers and they were being trained.
;;-0.5859;;it would be an immoral and criminal act to spoil the environment for future generations, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday, and underlined the need to protect nature, as the donald trump administration mulls to overturn the us position on the 2015 paris climate accord.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the procurement of a batch of 36 rafale jets after talks with the then french president francois hollande on april 10, 2015 in paris.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that the government has initiated major infrastructure projects in the seven northeast states, including investing rs 40,000 crore to improve the roads and highways, with the aim to make the region a gateway of southeast asia.
;;-0.5574;;president trump had made the mediation offer during khans white house visit in july with a claim that even prime minister narendramodi had asked him to, which was swiftly and summarily denied by new delhi, and reiterated that the kashmir issue can only be resolved bilaterally, and only after pakistan stopped supporting terrorism.
;;0.0;;the ndmc in a meeting on friday passed the resolution a day after prime minister narendramodi had announced the renaming at st petersburg while issuing a joint statement with russian president vladimir putin.
;;0.0;;guwahati/new delhi: addressing an election rally in silchar in southern assam, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the mood in the country can be guessed by the crowds in his rallies.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has announced to get the sacrilege incidents probed by the cbi, sukhbir said.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has asked all cabinet ministers to delegate more work to their juniors and involve them in decision-making.
;;-0.5574;;prime minister narendramodi said on saturday that the upcoming uttar pradesh election was the bjps fight against scam, an acronym that he used to refer to the samajwadi party, congress, uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav and bsp chief mayawati.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi said on sunday states need to work together for what he calls a vision to create a new india, addressing a meeting of the niti aayogs governing council that was skipped by chief ministers mamata banerjee and arvind kejriwal  two of his staunchest critics.
;;0.8074;;pm narendramodi said he was happy to see a positive response to his previous request --to inculcate a habit of reading books-- made to all his listeners.
;;0.4019;;the bjps victory in karnataka is unprecedented because it busts the perception that the party belongs to the hindi-speaking parts of the country, said prime minister narendramodi on tuesday.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi on monday said the oppositions mission mahamilavat is keen to form a khichdi government at the centre, the strings of which will remain in the hands of the congress.
;;0.4215;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the bjp is rooting for bollywood actor sunny deols victory from gurdaspur lok sabha constituency in punjab.
;;0.0772;;thomas said the pac has asked reserve bank of india (rbi) to come out with the exact number of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes which were demonetised and deposited with banks after prime minister narendramodi announced the move on november 8.
;;-0.3612;;it was this deposit made three days after prime minister narendramodi announced scrapping of 500 and 1,000-rupee banknotes that caught the attentions of tax authorities, who are closely examining all suspicious high-value transactions done after the november 8 demonetisation announcement.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi said he has spoken to jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti about the flood situation in the state and offered the centres assistance.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi said on december 31, 2016.
;;0.8074;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said russian president vladimir putins invitation to him for the eastern economic forum was a matter of great respect.
;;0.0;;mulayam said that because of akhilesh, the prime minister narendramodi said the one who cannot be of his father, can't be of anyone else.
;;0.5267;;while congratulating prime minister narendramodi for winning a second term, kejriwal also said he is looking forward to working together in delhi.
;;-0.2263;;as the yogi adityanath-led government took over in uttar pradesh, prime minister narendramodi today said the sole mission and motive is development of the state, in an apparent bid to allay apprehensions over the hardline hindutva mascot becoming the chief minister.
;;0.0;;while pakistan had been trying to make maximum noise on kashmir, prime minister narendramodi had on monday told the us president donald trump that dispute on kashmir was a bilateral issue between india and pakistan, in a clear reaffirmation of new delhis staunch opposition to any attempts to internationalise the matter.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday said that india and singapore, which he termed a a bridge between india and south east asia , are building a partnership of our age.
;;0.0;;when the bjp came to power in 2014, prime minister narendramodi said that earlier governments worked to run the governments but we will run the government to run the country, said shah.
;;0.0;;in the run-up to the state elections in 2015, prime minister narendramodi had announced rs 1.
;;0.0;;indias economic growth of 7  during october-december has sparked a debate on how output grew so fast at a time when the country was facing its biggest-ever cash crunch after prime minister narendramodi announced on november 8 the demonetisation exercise, which weeded out 86  of the currency notes in circulation.
;;-0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi addressing rallies at jhargram and tamluk in the state monday said that in bengal people are not allowed to chant jai shri ram and that saying it in public places is regarded as a crime here.
;;0.0;;addressing an election rally in silchar in southern assam, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the mood in the country can be guessed by the crowds in his rallies.
;;-0.1779;;president trump responded with an offer to mediate, falsely claiming, that prime minister narendramodi asked him to, which was swiftly denied by india.
;;0.8807;;dismissing the congress as a vote cutter party, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said the grand old party has now stooped to maligning his honesty and hard work.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday claimed that congress has accepted its defeat and that the grand old party has already fielded two batsmen to defend the naamdar (rahul gandhi) from the blame.
;;0.0;;at a rally in ghaziabad on february 8, prime minister narendramodi said: goons have been sheltered that is why women feel unsafe in the state.
;;0.6808;;exhorting the youth to become job creators, prime minister narendramodi said those with innovative ideas will get all possible help from the government.
;;-0.3818;;the government had set december 30 deadline for depositing junked bills in banks when prime minister narendramodi on november 8 announced the recall of the two high-value notes that accounted for 86  of the cash in circulation.
;;-0.4215;;in a renewed push to swachh bharat, prime minister narendramodi has said that 4,000 towns will see new litter bins for segregated waste on june 5, the world environment day.
;;0.2023;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday told a gathering largely of bjp members that his aim of turning india into a $5-trillion economy will transform the lives of each and every family in the country and was therefore an important mission requiring people participation.
;;0.0;;a day after prime minister (pm) narendramodi said in gondia that opposition leaders will be in delhis tihar jail after the polls, congress president rahul gandhi on thursday said that all those who claim to be chowkidars will find themselves in jail after the elections.
;;-0.3818;;96 lakh in malda district since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8 2016 culling 86  of the currency in circulation on november 8 last year.
;;-0.1531;;so many election analysts, journalists, and political scientists failed to predict the massive mandate that prime minister narendramodi and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) claimed in the 2019 general election.
;;0.6705;;president donald trump does not make up things, a top presidential advisor said on tuesday when asked about a question on his stunning claim that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to mediate on the kashmir issue, remarks which has been strongly refuted by india.
;;0.0258;;sending out a clear message to pakistan, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said victory in the kargil war was a symbol of indias might and its security will remain impregnable with dedication of the armed forces.
;;-0.1779;;the us president even said that prime minister narendramodi had asked him to do so, the claim was swiftly denied by india.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the procurement of a batch of 36 rafale jets after talks with the then french president francois hollande on april 10, 2015, in paris.
;;0.5423;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said cooperation between india and china is essential to maintain peace and stability around the world and offered to host the next informal summit between leaders of the two asian giants.
;;-0.7845;;prime minister narendramodi on november 8 last year had announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has said that rulers and governments do not make a nation.
;;-0.9423;;prime minister narendramodi has said that the pulwama terror attack has proved indias stand that pakistan was in the business of exporting terror to india and that the world was now standing beside india in its fight against terror.
;;0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi on monday said the mission mahamilavat of the opposition is keen to form a khichdi government at the centre, the strings of which will remain in the hands of the congress.
;;0.4215;;pakistan is yet to take concrete action on indias concerns and create an atmosphere free of terrorism, which is necessary to facilitate any possible engagement between the two sides, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday.
;;0.5106;;in a fresh attack on the congress, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said that the party and its allies are contesting the lok sabha elections to give free hand to the terrorists and separatists.
;;-0.0772;;3) pm modi greets yogi adityanath; says sole mission, motive is ups developmentas the yogi adityanath-led government took over in uttar pradesh on sunday, prime minister narendramodi said the sole mission and motive is development of the state, in an apparent bid to allay apprehensions over the hardline hindutva mascot becoming the chief minister.
;;0.0;;in late april, prime minister narendramodi announced that india had become 100  electrified  a village is technically electrified if 10  of its households have power connections  but according to his governments own data, 31 million households in india remain without electricity.
;;-0.9403;;india stood with the united kingdom in the fight against terrorism, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday, hours after an attack near britains parliament in london killed five people and injured 40.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi and chief minister adityanath had said the decision would be taken at the first meeting of the state cabinet.
;;0.5994;;on friday, as he got up to welcome m venkaiah naidu as rajya sabha chairman, pm narendramodi said that it is a reflection of the strength of our constitution and the maturity of our democracy that all top constitutional positions today are occupied by the poor and sons of farmers or commoners.
;;-0.7579;;opponents were branded as gadha (donkey), bhains (buffalo), kabootar (pigeon), magarmachh (crocodile), machhli (fish), sher (lion) and chooha (rat)funeral and festival: pm narendramodi claimed that the current state government had favoured muslim kabristaan (graveyards) over hindu shamshaan (cremation grounds), and ramzan over diwaliheinous crime: four candidates faced charges of heinous crimes, including sp leader gayatri prasad prajapati and the bsp candidate from ayodhya, bazi siddiqui  both of whom were accused of gang rape.
;;0.4019;;the trinamool complained about bjp candidates allegedly breaking the model code of conduct and about the saffron party indulging in horse trading, after prime minister narendramodi said 40 lawmakers of the regional party were in touch with him.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday announced that a street in delhi has been named after russias former ambassador to india alexander kadakin, a friend of india, who passed away recently.
;;-0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said that trinamool goons destroyed the statue of ishwar chandra vidyasagar in kolkata during bjp chief amit shahs rally.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi said last month that the government was looking at such a law to improve affordability of medicines in the country of 1.
;;0.0;;10:10am: pm modi arrives in dibrugarh to inaugurate dhola-sadiya bridge and other projects (ani photo)9:00 am: prime minister narendramodi said these years have seen concrete steps that have transformed the lives of the people.
;;-0.3818;;expressing concern over the situation arising due to cyclone fani, which is expected to intensify into a severe cyclonic storm by this noon, prime minister narendramodi said he had spoken to officials to take preventive measure and provide assistance.
;;0.0;;read more: how yadav singh used clout to build plush club in noidas sector 27in an election rally in ghaziabad earlier, prime minister narendramodi had said he will order a cag audit of all development authorities in the state to check alleged corrupt practices.
;;-0.6124;;on november 8, when prime minister narendramodi announced the scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 old notes, he had said the move was to suck out counterfeit currency making its way into the country from across the border, which was largely responsible for funding terror.
;;-0.4019;;in a poll rally on monday, prime minister narendramodi had said that congress is scared to field its leaders from constituencies where majority dominates in terms of voter-base, in a reference to wayanad which which has a sizeable muslim population.
;;0.5106;;prime minster narendramodi on saturday asked the youth of india to tweet and sensitise the opposition about the importance of allowing parliament to function as many important bills necessary to take the country forward were pending.
;;0.2732;;chowkidar narendramodi (@narendramodi) may 5, 2019bjp leaders said that mir had been threatened several times but despite that the government withdrew his security recently.
;;0.3818;;on april 8, prime minister narendramodi announced a new concessional line of credit of $4.
;;0.3182;;the foreign direct investment (fdi) has seen a huge jump from usd 34,487 billion to usd 61,724 billion since 2013, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday.
;;-0.9231;;in a veiled attack on pakistan, prime minister narendramodi on friday said that countries sponsoring, aiding and funding terrorism must be held accountable as he called for a global conference to combat the menace.
;;0.6597;;interestingly, even if prime minister narendramodi had said yes when chief minister o panneerselvam had met him on thursday with a request for an ordinance, the political fruits would have been mostly reaped only by the aiadmk.
;;-0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi has said jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar was designated as a global terrorist because india is now seen as a nation that will leave no stone unturned to ensure the safety and security of its citizens.
;;-0.3818;;speaking in a public rally in goa, a few days after announcing demonetisation on 8 november, 2016, prime minister narendramodi had asked for 50 days from the people of india for note-ban related hardships to endit has been 100 days since modi announced the scrapping of 86  of indias currency in circulation.
;;-0.5574;;in the run-up to the final phase of polling in the country on may 19, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said that the opposition, having seen the voters response in six phases of lok sabha polls, was resorting to hurling personal abuses on him.
;;0.2732;;in his independence day speech, prime minister narendramodi had said rs 100 lakh crore will be spent towards infrastructure creation in the country.
;;-0.4939;;hours after prime minister narendramodi claimed that west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee had not returned his calls to enquire about the damage done to the state by cyclone fani, the firebrand trinamool congress chief responded to the pms charge saying that she could not take the pms call as she was in kharagpur.
;;-0.2617;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said the digidhan movement was not only about curbing corruption, but also about giving a voice to the poor.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi says that protection of public property is our responsibility as it belongs to all of us.
;;0.0;;these steps are in addition to what prime minister narendramodi said on december 31.
;;-0.7096;;also read: reduce tension over kashmir bilaterally, donald trump tells imran khanus president trump had offered mediation between india and pakistan on kashmir during pakistan pm imran khans white house visit in july with a claim that even prime minister narendramodi had asked him to, the claim was swiftly and summarily denied by new delhi, and reiterated that the kashmir issue can only be resolved bilaterally, and only after pakistan stopped supporting terrorism.
;;-0.6808;;on the 60th day of after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation -- the situation, which sucked out 86  of the countrys bank notes in circulation -- a dena bank branch in khimana village in gujarat was pelted with stones.
;;0.5994;;when a network of good roads is created then the economy of the country also picks the pace, prime minister narendramodi said in august 2017 at a ceremony to lay the foundation stone for a national highway project in udaipur.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the demonetisation move on november 8.
;;-0.1154;;india is committed to protecting climate, irrespective the paris agreement, prime minister narendramodi said on friday but avoided a direct reference to the us withdrawing from the international deal.
;;0.6249;;prime minister narendramodi on friday said india needs an institutional arrangement for achieving excellence in sports.
;;0.5213;;indiaupdated: aug 04, 2019 03:58 istemphasising that the bharatiya janata party (bjp)s ideology and thoughts, and not the legacy of any family, brought it to its current politically dominant position, prime minister narendramodi asked his partys lawmakers on saturday to remain connected with the bjp and not forget their contribution in making them ministers and parliamentarians.
;;0.8957;;prime minister narendramodi has asked the countrys top police officers to focus on foot-patrolling to deal with crimes effectively and win the peoples confidence.
;;-0.6486;;the union budget was meant for the poor, and aimed at boosting small businesses and farm incomes and weeding out illegal cash holdings, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday.
