;;0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi has said that india sees britain as the gateway to europe and, indeed, the overwhelming majority of british indian businessmen had supported david cameron's remain campaign.
;;-0.802;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday told a public rally in maharashtras solapur that his government had demolished the falsehood being spread and provided 10 per cent extra reservation without tinkering with the quotas of the scs, sts and obcs, betraying a lurking fear among bjp managers.
;;-0.2263;;during his election campaign, narendramodi said his government will solve the problems faced by the northeast, including assam, on a priority basis.
;;0.0;;vijay-ed vijay goels face lit up when narendramodi said at the rally on sunday: delhi is a state jahan bjp ke paas vijay hi vijay hai (where the bjp is steeped in victory).
;;0.1027;;prime minister narendramodi told party mps that parliamentarians' practice of hiking their salaries used to invite criticism, so his government had acted.
;;-0.6249;;new delhi, may 2: prime minister narendramodi today told his australian counterpart malcolm turnbull that india was concerned by a new visa regime introduced by canberra that is expected to hit indian skilled workers in that country the worst.
;;0.0;;25 lakh crore economic package that prime minister narendramodi had announced in 2015.
;;0.0772;;5 (pti): underlining that fighting corruption and black money is key to effective financial governance, prime minister narendramodi today asked g20 leaders to act to eliminate safe havens for economic offenders, unconditionally extradite money launderers and end excessive banking secrecy that hide the corrupt.
;;0.0;;soon after, prime minister narendramodi in his radio address mann ki baat announced that india will soon register a presence on the moon through the chandrayaan-2.
;;0.296;;(pti) new delhi, april 23: prime minister narendramodi today asked all the states to reach out to kashmiri students studying in their institutions, apparently trying to salvage the bjp-pdp alliance and soothe frayed nerves in the valley.
;;0.0;;apprime minister narendramodi on thursday said a new era of development would begin in arunachal pradesh if the bjp is voted back to power.
;;-0.1779;;prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said bjp legislator akash vijayvargiya should be sacked along with his supporters for his unacceptable cricket-bat assault on a civic official but there was no official announcement till late in the evening on whether and how the party planned to walk the talk.
;;0.5106;;(pti)making a strong pitch for the citizenship (amendment) bill , prime minister narendramodi said on sunday that his government would stand with the children of maa bharti who have faced persecution in pakistan, afghanistan and bangladesh.
;;0.6705;;prime minister narendramodi on friday claimed that the world was cheering for india and appeared to link it to the peoples decision to vote in a stable government in 2014.
;;0.5627;;this was after prime minister narendramodi asked the ministry to ensure that the project was not derailed.
;;0.9001;;picture: ptinew delhi, april 12 (pti): prime minister narendramodi said on thursday that the government's commitment to peace is just as strong as its commitment to protecting its people and territory, and for this, necessary measures to equip the armed forces will be taken.
;;0.6486;;(pti)new delhi, april 26 : prime minister narendramodi today asked his officials to explore new technologies to ramp up road-building and boost coal output as part of a broader objective to push economic growth and work towards the completion of existing projects in time.
;;-0.2607;;calcutta, april 22: narendramodi today said he had been certain all along that mamata banerjee would not join or support the nda.
;;0.2732;;17 (pti): prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday his government is making efforts to create systems that are innovation-friendly to build an innovation-driven new india.
;;0.2732;;17 (pti): prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday his government is making efforts to create systems that are innovation-friendly to build an innovation-driven new india.
;;0.4019;;25 lakh crore special package prime minister narendramodi announced for bihar in august 2015 remains a mystery.
;;0.4404;;prime minister narendramodi during his last visit to bangladesh said there was good governance in the neighbouring country.
;;0.4019;;ahead of the 2015 assembly elections in bihar, prime minister narendramodi had announced a special package of rs 1.
;;-0.128;;prime minister narendramodi had announced yesterday that they will pass the bill and we strongly condemn his statement.
;;0.5093;;the culinary diplomacy took place a few days after prime minister narendramodi told his party not to make controversial remarks that give masala to the media.
;;0.128;;16 (pti): he was a pupil and they examiners for the day, prime minister narendramodi told students across the country on friday while stressing the importance of confidence and concentration in dealing with exam stress.
;;0.296;;27 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on monday asked congress vice-president rahul gandhi why his party had applauded the release of a terrorist in pakistan and why he had hugged beijings ambassador during the standoff with china on the doklam border issue.
;;0.8689;;pti picturekathmandu: prime minister narendramodi on saturday said india was ready to be the sherpa to help nepal scale the mountain of success as he hailed the himalayan nation's journey from bullets to ballots.
;;0.34;;indira gandhisurat: prime minister narendramodi has claimed that the erstwhile indira gandhi government played the drama of nationalising banks to cover up the sacking of then finance minister morarji desai, a gujarati.
;;0.4005;;prime minister narendramodi , who released the ntcas 2018 tiger census report, said india has among the most secure habitats for tigers.
;;0.5423;;new delhi, july 4: prime minister narendramodi had asked party colleagues not to speak out of turn to journalists but use the social media instead for public outreach.
;;-0.8555;;mohammad ayyub mev's murder comes two months after the flogging of four dalit youths by cow vigilantes had rocked gujarat and weeks after prime minister narendramodi had asked states to crack down on criminals posing as cow protectors.
;;-0.5423;;he said the centre's sincerity towards solving the flood and erosion problem had become evident when prime minister narendramodi asked him to visit the erosion-hit areas of the state and assess the damage caused by floods.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday said he had set himself the target of achieving a $5-trillion economy for india because the size of the cake matters, and slammed his critics as professional pessimists.
;;0.25;;abhinandan used to mean welcome, but its meaning will change now, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday in an apparent reference to the iaf pilot released by pakistan.
;;0.0;;on april 22, prime minister narendramodi asked all doctors in the country to prescribe generic medicines while inaugurating a hospital in surat.
;;0.0772;;our special correspondentlucknow: prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said uttar pradesh would host one of the two defence industrial corridors his government had announced in its budget proposals, calling it a landmark in the development of the state's poor bundelkhand region.
;;0.128;;on november 8 last year, prime minister narendramodi announced on tv that all existing rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency would cease to be legal tender.
;;-0.8176;;some people lose their sleep when india hits back at terrorists, prime minister narendramodi said here on friday while launching a broadside against opposition parties who he claimed were putting the lives and future of the people in danger.
;;0.4404;;new delhi, april 28: prime minister narendramodi has asked the bjp to scout beyond the political spectrum and recruit professionals to articulate the party's and the government's position in a better way, signalling an effort to capture minds in the run-up to the 2019 lok sabha polls.
;;0.2732;;on may 17, prime minister narendramodi had said he would never be able to forgive her completely.
;;0.6597;;recently, prime minister narendramodi said samajwadi party is assisting other parties and is not with the bsp and now we have come to know that the congress is also spreading similar rumours, yadav told reporters in lucknow.
;;0.128;;on november 8 last year, prime minister narendramodi announced that all existing rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes would cease to be legal tender.
;;0.1779;;actor akshay kumar takes a selfie with then army chief dalbir singh suhag and others on board ins sumitra on february 6, 2016 a file pictureprime minister narendramodi had asked on wednesday: the question is whether the security of the country was not compromised by taking foreigners on board a warship?
;;0.0;;the trial run comes days after prime minister narendramodi announced here on november 29 that the nda government would act east to take the look east policy forward to connect the region with southeast asian countries.
;;-0.296;;sharma said since prime minister narendramodi has said the government has no business in doing business, the centre has decided to transfer the brahmaputra ashok, a three-star hotel in guwahati, to the assam government.
;;0.0;;i remember prime minister narendramodi had said when bihar develops, the whole country will develop and if bihar does not develop, the country will not.
;;-0.1719;;we agreed that our economic relations do not do justice to our potential, prime minister narendramodi said at a joint briefing with chinese president xi jinping.
;;0.2263;;9: prime minister narendramodi today said foreign investments worth $100 billion were knocking at the doors of india and it was up to the states to lap up as much as they can.
;;0.0;;before coming to power, narendramodi had said he would give employment to two crore youths every year, but it never happened.
;;-0.122;;addressing bjp mps yesterday, narendramodi - known to be forthright with party colleagues - said he had no favourites, did not believe in encouraging hangers-on or in playing one against another, and preferred to meet people in large groups than in one's and two's.
;;-0.7783;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the note ban on november 8 last year, and rjd chief lalu prasad on monday said the decision destroyed the country's economy.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi today said each of the over 30,000 colleges in india should send a hundred students every year to the states in the northeast.
;;0.0;;more than 400 districts covering 70 per cent of the population will have access to piped gas over the next few years, prime minister narendramodi said here on thursday.
;;-0.296;;31: prime minister narendramodi today said even sardar vallabhbhai patel's family had no copyright over him, in a veiled dig at the congress.
;;-0.9001;;prime minister narendramodi announced an ex-gratia of rs 2 lakh each for the next of kin of those killed and rs 50,000 each for those seriously injured in the accident.
;;0.1027;;he said there was confusion because prime minister narendramodi had said during a rally in manipur on february 25 that the state's territorial integrity would not be compromised.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi claimed on monday that indias universal immunisation programme had been languishing before he arrived on the scene and transformed it in 2014.
;;-0.7579;;in an address to the nation on december 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi had said the note recall was aimed at tackling corruption, black money, terror funding and fake currency.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi had last week announced that the government would introduce these vaccines as part of a programme to expand the number of infections covered by the universal immunisation programme.
;;-0.7506;;6: the lok sabha today approved the crucial sebi bill aimed at tackling the ponzi menace, with the government saying that prime minister narendramodi will soon announce a financial scheme that will discourage people from being allured by fraudulent operators.
;;-0.9432;;12: prime minister narendramodi today said pakistan had lost the strength to fight a conventional war and was sending militants to kill civilians in a running proxy battle, in his first direct attack on the neighbour since assuming power.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi has said the constitution framed by (b.r.) ambedkar is a holy book.
;;0.3612;;new delhi, july 3: india will add three new vaccines in the universal immunisation programme to protect children across the country from rotavirus, rubella and polio infections, prime minister narendramodi said today, announcing initiatives long awaited by public health experts.
;;0.6808;;source: @meaindiasochi, may 21 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on monday said the strategic partnership between india and russia has now been elevated into a special privileged strategic partnership which is a very big achievement as he met president vladimir putin in this black sea coastal city for their first informal summit.
;;0.2732;;prime minister narendramodi , who had defended the candidature of pragya singh thakur last month, today told a tv channel that he would not be able to forgive her from his heart for her nathuram godse comment.
;;-0.4767;;prime minister narendramodi announced that the bill is an atonement of the wrong that was done during india's partition.
;;0.0;;ptiprime minister narendramodi on sunday announced the renaming of three islands of andaman and nicobar on the 75th anniversary of the tricolour hoisting by netaji subhas chandra bose here.
;;0.6908;;addressing his last rally of the ongoing lok sabha elections, prime minister narendramodi on friday said he is sure of the bjp-led ruling dispensation winning over 300 seats in the house.
;;0.4019;;25 crore special package prime minister narendramodi announced ahead of the 2015 assembly polls.
;;-0.4767;;(pti)prime minister narendramodi said on saturday that assam and the rest of the northeast were suffering from infiltration due to the policies of the congress government in the 1970s.
;;0.5106;;her comments come at a time prime minister narendramodi has asked bjp politicians to spend time in dalit localities and instil confidence in them about the bjp.
;;-0.296;;on february 19, prime minister narendramodi had said a cremation ground should also be constructed in a village if a graveyard were made there, citing an uncommon example to articulate how a government should establish its equitability credentials.
;;0.0;;(ap)prime minister narendramodi on saturday said his new slogan would be nara, standing for national ambition, regional aspiration.
;;0.5994;;in november that year, prime minister narendramodi , on his maiden visit to the state, said sports was the fulcrum of tremendous economic activity that could boost employment prospects for the youth of manipur.
;;0.0;;sources said prime minister narendramodi had asked prasad to complete the work by september next year.
;;-0.9442;;the essential prerequisite is that there has to be an end to hostility, violence and terrorism, he said, days after bjp prime ministerial candidate narendramodi said negotiations with islamabad could not be held amid gunshots, attacks and blasts.
;;-0.3612;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday told a gujarat rally about a nuclear of nuclear bombs, suggesting india had foiled pakistans nuclear blackmail with the mother of all nuclear bombs  an allusion to the surgical and air strikes.
;;-0.296;;while electioneering in assam as a part of the lok sabha elections, prime minister narendramodi had announced that there would be no bangladeshis in assam from the day on which results to the lok sabha elections would be announced.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had announced before assembly polls in the state in 2016 in an election rally at kalinagar of hailakandi district, merely 3km from cachar paper mill that the mill will be revived if the bjp came to power.
;;0.431;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the signing of the framework agreement during parliament's monsoon session but no details were revealed to either house or to other parties, as has been the norm.
;;-0.7579;;13: prime minister narendramodi today asked asia pacific leaders to reject attempts to link religion and terrorism, reaching out to the islamic world from foreign soil in a strategic gambit aimed at isolating pakistan.
;;0.5267;;while this (trade growth) is encouraging, the level of present economic and commercial relation is not enough against the real potential, prime minister narendramodi said addressing the india-turkey business summit, also attended by visiting turkish president recep tayyip erdogan.
;;-0.7783;;prime minister narendramodi had announced the note ban on november 8 last year, and rjd chief lalu prasad on monday said the decision destroyed the country's economy.
;;0.25;;15 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on friday said his pet digital india initiative is a war against touts and middlemen, helping check blackmoney and black marketing while creating immense job opportunities in small towns and rural areas.
;;0.6124;;new delhi, may 29: in his first telephone conversation with a foreign head of government, prime minister narendramodi told chinas premier li keqiang that china will remain a priority in indias foreign relations and that his government will continue to engage with beijing to resolve pending bilateral issues.
;;0.4019;;in last week of december, during the demonetisation period, prime minister narendramodi had announced a scheme to boost real estate and provide affordable houses to all.
;;0.0;;2 crore have been seized across the country since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8.
;;-0.5574;;rbi deputy governor n.s. vishwanathan was the other director who did not attend the november 8 meeting convened just three hours before prime minister narendramodi announced the ban in an address to the nation.
;;0.7184;;our special correspondentnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi on monday told president donald trump that the cooperation between india and the us can rise beyond bilateral ties, tantalising washington that has launched a charm offensive to woo new delhi into its corner.
;;0.6486;;new delhi, june 20: bureaucrats will be trained to effectively use facebook, twitter and youtube to put out information on policies, weeks after narendramodi asked ministers to use social media to highlight initiatives and connect with people.
;;-0.6486;;the project had been given up for dead until prime minister narendramodi asked bengal to do a rethink.
;;-0.807;;prime minister narendramodi had on may 9 told an election rally in the state that on the question of child death ratio among the scheduled tribes, the situation in kerala is more dangerous than somalia.
;;0.4019;;dipak mishrapatna: opposition parties are gearing up to observe november 8 - which marks a year since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation - as black day.
;;-0.8807;;ptiprime minister narendramodi on friday said that countries sponsoring, aiding and funding terrorism must be held accountable as he called for a global conference to combat the menace.
;;0.1027;;(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday that youths wanted to be entrepreneurs and not job-seekers, attempting to defend his government over opposition criticism for lack of employment and seeking to woo the middle class by claiming to have ushered in ease of living.
;;0.0;;amit bhelaripatna: work on the projects prime minister narendramodi had announced for bihar before the assembly polls has picked up pace under the new government, road construction minister nand kishore yadav said on thursday.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi , in his address to the nation on independence day in 2015, had said the centre has decided to electrify 18,452 un-electrified villages within 1,000 days, that is, by may 1, 2018.
;;0.0;;officers said this was the biggest haul of scrapped notes in the calcutta police area since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of the two categories of notes on november 8.
;;0.0;;new delhi, may 30: narendramodi has asked his ministry colleagues to use social media extensively, seeking to tap in governance a platform believed to have helped him during the elections.
;;0.1027;;the delay was because there were six days of public holiday after the judgment, narendramodi said after inaugurating an ambedkar memorial in delhi.
;;-0.4767;;today, out of political helplessness they are taking his name, narendramodi said.
;;0.7783;;a bjp leader in delhi said deb made the comments on diana immediately after prime minister narendramodi clearly told party leaders to refrain from giving 'masala' to the media.
;;0.624;;demonetisation, doubtless one of the most significant decisions of independent india that shook the entire nation, was there merely as a passing reference although prime minister narendramodi had claimed india would emerge like gold after the ordeal of the first 50 days.
;;-0.7351;;earlier this week, prime minister narendramodi had said 99 per cent of goods and services will be brought in the 18-per-cent or less gst slabs and the highest slab restricted to just a few select luxury and sin goods.
;;-0.5574;;1 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the fight against terrorism and radicalisation was not against any religion, but against a mindset that misguides the young.
;;0.714;;prime minister narendramodi has said talks would continue to resolve all outstanding issues but sources said naga outfits were quite apprehensive as past agreements were not totally implemented by the centre.
;;0.34;;prime minister narendramodi on monday claimed that 40 trinamul congress mlas were in touch with him and insinuated they were looking to switch to the bjp after it wins the election, prompting opposition accusations of horse-trading.
;;-0.7184;;then he recalled modis reply to a question he had been asked at a tv interview on the balakot air strikes: narendramodi says, i told the air force officers the weather is bad, there are clouds, the plane will not show up on the radar.
;;0.4404;;(pti)sriharikota, june 30: prime minister narendramodi today asked indias space agency to gift a satellite to its neighbours, amid concerns building over the past year that delhi needs a strategy to counter chinas space diplomacy pulling south asian countries into its orbit.
;;0.7096;;the primary responsibility for peace, prosperity and security in the indian ocean rests with those who live in this region, prime minister narendramodi had said in january.
;;0.2023;;hemant said initially prime minister narendramodi had said that his government would safeguard farmers' land, but later tried to bring in land acquisition bill to usurp farmland.
;;0.4019;;could this idea help any 40 or 50-year-old child, narendramodi asked when a btech student tried to explain an idea on dyslexia.
;;0.6369;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday asked the people of arunachal pradesh to vote for a 'chowkidaar' who would provide security to the country even as he attacked opposition parties, saying they were disheartened by india's growth and success.
;;0.0;;on november 8 last year, prime minister narendramodi announced the decision to demonetise all 1,000- and 500 rupee notes in an effort to curb black money and corruption.
;;-0.09;;prime minister narendramodi has himself said there has been a rise in attacks by people who are not gau rakshaks (cow protectors) but goondas pretending to be cow protectors.
;;-0.8979;;prime minister narendramodi has said the fight was against terrorists and not kashmiris, speaking up over a week after people from the valley were attacked in different places and a few days after allies piled pressure on the bjp.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendramodi had recently asked state officials about the reasons for the delay in completion of a stretch of the east-west corridor - a four lane expressway connecting gujarat with assam and passing through north bengal.
;;-0.8271;;18: prime minister narendramodi today said atrocities against dalits made him bow his head in shame but did not spell out what action he proposed to take to stop such attacks.
;;-0.4404;;new delhi, may 5: prime minister narendramodi has claimed the south asia satellite launched today has probably no parallels as an example of a spacecraft gifted by a nation to its neighbours at no cost.
;;0.4588;;consequently, prime minister narendramodi announced that rs 4,500 crore would be given to bhutan as aide for the 12th plan after his bilateral engagement with bhutanese premier lotay tshring.
;;0.6908;;sathyamoorthy govindarajanchennai: the centre is committed to bringing about positive change in the lives of the people and is working towards the empowerment of women, prime minister narendramodi said here on saturday.
;;0.0;;pti photosantiniketan (wb), may 25 (pti): india and bangladesh are two separate countries bonded by cooperation and understanding, prime minister narendramodi said here today.
;;0.2732;;12: prime minister narendramodi today asked pakistan to explain to the world the atrocities it had committed on its own citizens in balochistan and the people of pakistan-occupied kashmir.
;;-0.7584;;ptiprime minister narendramodi has said he very well understands peoples blood is boiling and promised retribution, stressing that the perpetrators and patrons of the pulwama terror attack would have to pay a heavy price.
;;-0.886;;prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said terrorists were lying in wait for a weak government in the country, bringing up the easter blasts in neighbouring sri lanka and suggesting to voters that this would happen in india if the bjp were voted out.
;;0.1531;;the statement said prime minister narendramodi had earlier said development alone was the way to resolve the kashmir issue.
;;-0.4019;;q: prime minister narendramodi says the opposition is inventing an excuse for an impending defeat.
;;0.7579;;caps are not a symbol of unity, says narendramodi , who has been sporting a new one almost every day as he criss-crosses the country to win support for his campaign to become prime minister.
;;0.0;;79 million followers and other twitterati to take part in her suggested social media movement against demonetisation, which prime minister narendramodi had announced on november 8 last year.
;;-0.5859;;on the allegation of evm fraud, jaitley referred to what prime minister narendramodi had said at the recently concluded national executive meeting of the bjp in bhubaneswar.
;;0.4226;;the minister said the ministry's prime objective was to develop the northeast on a par with the rest of the country to ensure, as prime minister narendramodi said, the right arm (east) of mother india should not find itself weak or feeble as compared to the left arm (west).
;;0.25;;prime minister narendramodi , during his speech at aalo (in arunachal on thursday), announced his government would not bring in any law that goes against the interests of the people.
;;0.3818;;9 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on monday asked indian origin lawmakers from across the world to be partners in india's development and act as catalysts in the country's economic growth.
;;0.6705;;narendra modi and bjp president amit shah at kashi vishwanath temple in varanasi earlier on monday picture by ptichemistry has triumphed over poll arithmetic, prime minister narendramodi said on monday, profusely thanking varanasi voters for electing him by a huge margin in the lok sabha elections.
;;0.0258;;sources said prime minister narendramodi had asked him to speak in hindi, possibly to reach out to the bjp's heartland base.
;;-0.6124;;the bjp has forgotten veteran leaders like ataj bihari vajpayee, syamaprasad mookerjea and deendayal upadhyaya and is busy projecting murderer narendramodi , responsible for the loss of several lives after the godhra episode, narendramodi said.
;;-0.7845;;asked if he regretted having embarrassed the chief minister, narendramodi said: why should i regret my comment?
;;0.701;;expressing his grief, prime minister narendramodi said he was extremely saddened by the passing away of my valued colleague and friend and described him as a remarkable leader, who entered public life at a young age and went on to serve society with utmost diligence and compassion.
;;0.0772;;prime minister narendramodi says rajiv gandhi was bhrashtachari number 1.
;;0.0;;it said that just 17 days before prime minister narendramodi announced the deal to buy 36 rafales in flyaway condition, dassault ceo eric trappier had said a contract finalisation and signature would come very soon.
;;0.5106;;despite this public admission by the foreign secretary, prime minister shri narendramodi unilaterally announced off-the-shelf purchase of 36 rafale aircraft in paris on 10th april, 2015, and bypassed psu hal in favour of reliance defence, the release said.
;;0.7506;;ptiprime minister narendramodi claimed on monday that 40 tmc mlas were in touch with him and will desert their party once the bjp wins the general elections.
;;0.0;;(pti) new delhi, july 28: prime minister narendramodi today asked the niti aayog to chart out a 15-year development plan with state involvement.
;;0.4019;;the re-launch comes weeks after gujarat chief minister narendramodi announced his ambition to transcend the states boundaries by sitting on a fast for harmony, and l.k. advani announced a yatra, signalling he would not be crowded out by his protgs and juniors.
;;0.0;;k.m. rakeshnarendra modibangalore: prime minister narendramodi on sunday asked rahul gandhi to learn patriotism from a breed of dogs in north karnataka.
;;-0.5423;;(pti)kullu/palampur: prime minister narendramodi has said that effigy-burning would not deter him from the fight against corruption and black money, alluding to the congress's call for protests on november 8, the first anniversary of the demonetisation.
;;0.1531;;allahabad, june 13: prime minister narendramodi today told the bjp's national executive that people were no longer satisfied merely with slogans.
;;0.5106;;prime minister narendramodi on monday said the country was only a few steps away from breaking into the top 50 nations on the world banks ease of doing business ranking.
;;0.3612;;last week, trump had kicked up a storm by stating that prime minister narendramodi had asked him if he would like to mediate on kashmir.
;;0.4939;;prime minister narendramodi had said on wednesday that respecting and protecting women should be a priority for the 1.
;;-0.765;;five days after the airstrike, prime minister narendramodi had not said a word on whether india had done any damage to terror camps in pakistan or pakistan-occupied kashmir.
;;0.2732;;shah threw his weight behind pragya hours after prime minister narendramodi said he would never be able to forgive her for that comment.
;;0.0;;(pti) march 2: narendramodi today claimed he had learnt a lot from a man who had once publicly lectured him on raj dharma (impartial governance) and twice sought to sack him as chief minister.
;;0.6124;;prime minister narendramodi had yesterday said he was keen on greater exchanges with india's eastern neighbour especially in high-tech that have a deeper connect with the youth.
;;0.0;;it is the bjp government that put a brake on these corrupt practices, prime minister narendramodi said.
;;-0.128;;(prem singh)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday said that his government has taken measures to weed out middlemen from the system to ensure that the entire funds flowing from the centre percolates to the poor.
;;-0.296;;ptiit is necessary to ensure that nothing is done to dent the morale of the security forces, prime minister narendramodi said on thursday, a day after pakistani fighter jets violated indian air space in response to indian forces targeting a jaish-e-mohammed terror camp in its territory.
;;0.0;;new delhi, july 31: prime minister narendramodi today asked people to send him ideas for his upcoming independence day speech.
;;0.0;;(pti)bangalore: prime minister narendramodi on sunday said the exit countdown had started for the most corrupt p.c. siddaramaiah government in karnataka, the assertion coming in the bjp's biggest rally yet ahead of the upcoming summer elections in the state.
;;0.5994;;(afp)srinagar: prime minister narendramodi on saturday said hugging kashmiris and development were key to resolving the problems that afflicted the state, steering clear of a political outreach many had expected after the centre's conditional ceasefire for the month of ramazan.
;;-0.34;;prime minister narendramodi had asked chief secretary malay de during an interactive session on september 27 why metro projects in calcutta were mired in uncertainty.
;;-0.3818;;what is puzzling is the fact that in his victory speech, narendramodi said that the results of the elections have been a revelation in that they show that the poor are no longer interested in largesse.
;;0.3182;;tiranga yatra new delhi: prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked bjp and nda mps to launch a week long tiranga yatra in their constituencies in august to fan patriotism in the country to mark the 70th year of independence.
;;-0.7096;;prime minister narendramodi claimed the development was proof of indias growing global influence and marked a big success for its efforts to combat terror, speaking in the middle of a general election and on a day maoists killed 15 policemen and their driver.
;;0.6124;;(pti)prime minister narendramodi on saturday said political parties and pundits had failed to gauge the public mood ahead of the lok sabha elections and thanked voters for their support, his assertion coming in a state where the bjp drew a blank again.
;;0.3182;;so, when prime minister narendramodi announced from red fort on august 15 that the planning commission would soon pave way for a fresh body that would suit 21st century needs, it was expected that the states too would dismantle their planning boards and establish brand new organisations which would not be converted into sanctuaries for politicians.
;;-0.4588;;ptiin an apparent dig at congress' minimum income poll promise and the gandhi family, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said its four generations had made the same promises but nothing happened, and first- time voters should see the track record of those pitching for eliminating poverty.
;;0.5719;;prime minister narendramodi on sunday announced new names for three andaman and nicobar islands to honour netaji subhas chandra bose.
;;0.5106;;after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless, had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0.
;;0.0772;;23: prime minister narendramodi today said his government was determined to make india an international arbitration hub for the resolution of domestic and global commercial disputes.
;;0.4019;;in/tumakuru (karnataka), may 5 (pti): prime minister narendramodi said on saturday that h.d. deve gowda's party was protecting the congress, claiming that the congress and the gowda's janata dal (secular) have entered into a secret pact for the karnataka assembly polls.
;;0.5859;;straight after this incident (lakhvi's bail), india has communicated its sentiments to pakistan in the strongest possible words, narendramodi told parliament.
;;0.25;;on his commitment to the foreigners problem, he added that the bjp-led centre was committed to what prime minister narendramodi had said on the eve of last parliamentary elections that the religious minorities who came to india from bangladesh would be given shelter.
;;-0.2732;;the reserve bank of india had warned the government about demonetisation hours before prime minister narendramodi announced the move on november 8, 2016, congress leader jairan ramesh said at a press conference on monday.
;;0.7184;;as respectful as i am of the us, i am equally respectful of russia, prime minister narendramodi had said in a recent television interview.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi had said in a recent interview that even a person selling pakodas was employed.
;;0.1779;;(pti)lashing out at opposition parties, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday the congress and the rjd will push 21st century india into darkness, if voted to power.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi , during his visit to manipur on february 25, had said the bjp would take charge of the state government on holi and resolve the issue immediately after it comes to power.
;;-0.5267;;in a recent speech in odisha, narendramodi claimed there was a conspiracy to defame him, hatched by those who could not abide a former tea-seller becoming prime minister.
;;0.0;;15: narendramodi today told a business meet that the country couldnt function by running away from responsibility, apparently alluding to rahul gandhi and recalling that he himself hadnt left the stage despite the patna rally blasts.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi recently said a law should be enacted to make doctors prescribe only generic drugs.
;;0.4215;;new delhi, june 11: prime minister narendramodi today said improving agriculture productivity through modern farm techniques and university-farmer collaboration held the key to check price rise.
;;0.0;;when i used to work here, they would tell me, 'our ancestors were from gujarat, that's why we are called gujjars', prime minister narendramodi had told a rally in jammu in 2014.
;;0.6908;;prime minister narendramodi on saturday said people have to decide whether they want to choose an honest and principled government committed to the development of all or a corrupt and unprincipled one.
;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi has already asked his ministers to give him a 100-day agenda which should focus on reviving growth by emphasising on infrastructure building, while containing runaway inflation.
;;0.6808;;our special correspondentnew delhi: prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah on wednesday asked chief ministers of party-ruled states to awaken public opinion in favour of one nation, one election, indicating the government's intention to hold simultaneous polls from panchayats to parliament by 2022.
;;0.0;;in his november 8 speech announcing the demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi had said people could deposit their old 500 and 1,000-rupee notes in their bank accounts till march 31.
;;-0.5267;;(prime minister narendramodi has often said in public that he has no family, and therefore no reason to be corrupt.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi (prem singh)the congress on friday asked prime minister narendramodi to himself tell the nation what he was doing between 3.
;;0.34;;as early as 11am, the state bank of india (sbi) atm at bomikhal had run out of cash, reminding the kiosk's security guard of the initial days after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8.
;;0.7506;;prime minister narendramodi , too, had said any action on gold should take into account the interests of the public and traders, not just economics and policy, giving hope to the gold jewellers lobby.
;;-0.2263;;after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8, 2016, chief minister nitish kumar was among the few none-bjp leaders who strongly supported it at the risk of angering anti-bjp forces.
;;0.0;;bhatt had said he was present at the meeting on february 27, 2002, where chief minister narendramodi allegedly asked police to go soft on rioters.
;;-0.9136;;file picturebangalore: the karnataka bjp took out newspaper ads chastising the congress government for rapes in the state on friday, two days after prime minister narendramodi had said that rapes should not be politicised.
;;-0.6369;;7 (pti): india has been suffering because of the wrong policies that the congress has pursued since independence, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday while accusing the party of singing paeans to one family instead of focusing on peoples welfare.
;;0.5719;;the opposition, bharatiya janata party, has opposed the import restrictions, while its prime ministerial candidate narendramodi has said any action on gold should take into consideration the interests of the public and traders and not just economics and policy.
;;-0.6597;;(reuters)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi has said that globalisation has started to lose its lustre as a worrisome tide of protectionism sweeps across the world.
