speaking at the event, siddaramaiah said, these days, fewer students are taking up pure science.
fast changing technologies like digitalisation and climate change pose a challenge to the current as well as future generations, modi said.
matching such state-of-the-art systems could be a technological nightmare for indian counterparts," mohan said.
in her speech, smritiirani said that modern science depends on empirical evidence and asked heads of technological institutions to provide research to back the claims related to the benefits of yoga.
recalling how the heavy monsoons this year had ruined arecanut crops in the coastal region, siddaramaiah said that the scientists from university of agriculture sciences must come up with innovative technologies.
asserting that every issue related to the construction of the project was being executed based on clearances given by technical committees, babu project authority, central water commission and as per the designs prepared by engineers and experts, babu said that the so-called intellectuals should know all these issues.
ridiculing the make in india campaign, gandhi said, the babbar sher (mascot of make in india campaign) does not squeak even like a mouse.
this is not correct as postal services would continue to be in step with the times and render services in tandem with the new technology, gandhi said.
also, more than 150 acres of the marshland is encroached by central government buildings  mass rapid transit system, national institute of ocean technology, centre for wind energy technology  it parks and residential buildings, senior counsel and amicus p s ram said in his report.
modiji brags about start-up india and make in india, but he can give jobs to only one lakh youth a year in the country which is about 450 jobs a day, gandhi said.
either you fix such technical problems or do not stop funds citing such lame excuses, mamatabanerjee said.
prahlad modi , the younger brother of the prime minister, said the software was not working properly at several shops, forcing beneficiaries to return empty-handed.
new delhi, nov 2, 2016, pti: 21:43 istprime minister modi today said credibility is the biggest challenge for media in the age of technology and it is important for media establishments to maintain it.
parliamentary secretary parmeswar ram said the present day world was dependent on information technology but the people of btc were lagging behind in this sector.
reminiscing his efforts to bring the e-governance in the united andhra pradesh, babu said that unless there was new thinking, planning and execution, there would not be any progress in any sector.
technology can never replace people-to-people contact between the government and the people and women are best suited to that role, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday.
we can make a law against superstition but they can be removed only if people develop scientific temper, siddaramaiah said.
the upa legislation, arunjaitley said, was inadequate as it did not contain adequate safeguards on privacy and did not mention for which purpose the uid would be used.
these websites and companies extending these unauthorised services, tantamount to violation under information technology act 2000, section 38 of aadhaar act 2016, and section 409 (criminal breach of trust) and section 420 (cheating) of ipc, according to uidai.
berlin: chancellor angelamerkel says she only found out about volkswagen's use of software to cheat on emissions through the media.
if on one hand, we go around saying make in india, startup india and digital india and want to attract foreign investors, we can't do so if we are condoning hatred in india at the same time, shashitharoor said in reference to the flagship schemes launched by the narendra modi-led government.
we may rather go for endosulfan than making use of genetic engineering, said dr nagar , head, scms institute of bio-technology, kochi.
to a question on funding for science in india and west, especially uk, ram said, india still lags behind in tapping corporate funds and charity support in research in the area of basic science.
enacting this law before bringing in a robust data protection law will have a bearing on the right to privacy, shashitharoor said.
speaking at the event, ram said, these days, fewer students are taking up pure science.
addressing a press conference after his tour, ram said there was no dearth of technical experts but what was lacking was quality and dedication in execution of development projects.
expressing serious concern over reports of failure of evms at several places across the state, naidu said he had been saying right from the beginning that evms were unreliable as they were prone to technical glitches.
speaking at the meeting of group of ministers (gom) on the information-technology related issues of gst in bengaluru on saturday, telangana finance minister eatala rajender said the details of gst tax payers, particularly of those who have filed returns, were not accessible to states now.
rajesh jain , one of the builders of arihant arden society, said that the process of changing the transformer is facing a delay due to technical issues.
do we look at the new evolving technologies from a position of suspect, smritiirani asked, or do we look at it from a position of opportunity, from a position of consolidation or further expansion.
reacting to this development, former chief minister omarabdullah said, the irony of listening to prime minister (narendra) modi lecturing about connected digital india while we are totally disconnected.
(source: express photo by oinam anand)technology, pranabmukherjee said, has opened the floodgates to the deluge of one-way unfiltered communication by the privileged to those who are less so.
you cannot stake a claim to the benefits and at the same time be unwilling to shed privacy concerns, he said.
speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the university of agriculture sciences campus on ballari road, siddaramaiah said: agriculture universities, which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector, have failed to protect the interests of farmers.
taking a step forward towards the development of kalyan-dombivli as a smart city and unveiled the governments plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said, smart cities cannot be a reality unless it is adequately backed by smart planning.
but banks are also hiring experts to develop firewalls around their system to make it increasingly difficult to breach it, arunjaitley said, adding that technology has to keep pace with crime.
further explaining his stand against demonetisation, the former union minister said, 80 per cent transactions in germany and austria is cash-based, in australia it is 60 per cent, canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent, and prime minister modi says india will go 100 per cent cashless.
modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
we can make a law against superstition but they can be removed only if people develop scientific temper, ram said.
our defence mechanisms would be the best in the world, modi said, referring to delays in procurement and complaints that the armed forces were using outdated technology.
kalimpong: the centre is eager to accord tribal status to the 11 gorkha communities, but some technical problems are holding it back for now, union tribal affairs minister ram said here today.
new delhi, nov 2, 2016, pti: 21:43 istprime minister narendramodi today said credibility is the biggest challenge for media in the age of technology and it is important for media establishments to maintain it.
the centre has appointed a group of n ministers to look into the technical snag.
claiming that he had obtained documents on the encroachments through rti over the last six months, ram said, i have evidence that 2,300 high-rise complexes which include shopping malls, tech parks, hotels and hospitals were built on storm water drains and ecologically sensitive areas.
new delhi: the indian it industry will have to step up on innovation amid challenges like need for new products, digital disruption and shrinking manpower requirements triggered by software automation, vice president hamidansari said on saturday while inaugurating the new headquarters of the national association of software services companies in noida.
pm modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
mustard is an important crop for states like bihar and we'll not be able to escape the consequences of the technology, nitishkumar said on the use of transgenic mustard.
modi said the association wanted the software currently being used to operate the annapurna yojana at fair price shops to be replaced as it has many technical glitches.
it is the same as encouraging cashless initiatives without creating infrastructure post-demonetisation and recalling old notes without calibrating atms, said jamshedpur petroleum dealers association general secretary rajivkumar and owner of an hp fuel outlet in sakchi.
cautioning people against gm crops, nitishkumar said, now, they are talking about technology.
when a student asked how the governments digital india programme would succeed when several parts of the country were facing shortage in electricity, modi said it was a dream to see 24x7 power supply across the country by 2022.
in a series of tweets, vijaymallya said the prime minister advocates about the use of technology while the enforcement agencies dont take his words seriously and refuse to use technology.
in a much-anticipated speech that ranged from broad principles to technical details, barackobama said he would end the vast collection of phone data as it exists today.
shivamogga: societies cant develop unless citizens let go of superstition and develop scientific temper, said chief minister siddaramaiah.
lets assume there is no aadhaar but some information that is contained in some network gets hacked or gets leaked, that is because of the technology used there, jaitley said.
gandhi said not a single person has benefitted by the prime ministers promises of controlling inflation, depositing rs. 15 lakh in the accounts of each citizen and upgrading certain towns to smart city.
addressing a press conference after his tour, siddaramaiah said there was no dearth of technical experts but what was lacking was quality and dedication in execution of development projects.
still, we should protect at least 10  of the traditional system of learning like books and newspapers, nitishkumar said after inaugurating the new campus of national institute of electronics and information technology ( nielit ) at amhara near bihta in patna district.
but now, the government is forcing us to go cashless, said ram , a vendor in shivajinagar.
danish ashraf , nodal officer for smart city mission and sdm (east), said, people are coming up with complaints, problems, suggestions and ideas but till now, we have not received any idea from residents welfare associations.
india woke up late on start-ups, says pranabnew delhi, jan 17, 2016, dhns: 1:18 ista day before the launch of start up india initiative, president pranabmukherjee said india has woken up too late on encouraging new entrepreneurs and owned up responsibility for the delay, noting that he had been a finance minister earlier.
to another query on most of the scientific advancements not reaching common man, ram said it is the same across the board including western countries.
liberalised use/technology neutrality is enshrined in our licences and there is simply no justification for us to pay an auction-discovered price for the permission to do what we are already entitled to, said t.v. ram , resident director (regulatory affairs) of vodafone india.
gandhi said that in parliament he had asked modi four questions on his promises of bringing back black money and depositing rs 15 lakh in everybody's bank account, the recent budget proposal of turning black money to white, rohith vemula's suicide, kanhaiya kumar and jnu and finally about the number of youths employed as a result of his 'make in india' scheme.
meeting the expectations of these 21st century entrepreneurs is a challenging job, pranabmukherjee said.
prof kirankumar , educationist and former executive council member, visvesvaraya technological university, says that one of the main reasons for the state institutions' poor grading is due to the fact that institutions do not understand education compliance.
k n ram , special officer (technical), oceo, karnataka, said, during the election period, most of the time, the lines were busy because of so many calls.
if on one hand, we go around saying make in india, startup india and digital india and want to attract foreigninvestors, we cant do so if we are condoning hatred in india at the same time, shashitharoor said in reference to the flagship schemes launched by the narendra modi-led government.
cashless economyon the governments move to push for a digital, cashless economy, ram said across the world people are moving towards cash and its the opposite in india.
hitting out hard at the centre, gandhi said first the government offered sops to push people to use debit/credit cards and when the people started using more of cashless means, now lack of coordination with banks and their policies is forcing petrol pump owners to adopt these drastic steps.
releasing a half-term progress report of the projects he had undertaken as thiruvananthapuram's mp, shashitharoor said the corporation could have sought the technical assistance of barcelona, if the cpm-led local self-government institution had taken a receptive attitude towards the twin city project proposed by him.
speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the university of agriculture sciences campus on ballari road, ram said: agriculture universities, which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector, have failed to protect the interests of farmers.
advocating reforms in bureaucracy, modi said there is a need to give impetus to reforms and technology as the day is not far when the world will look at m-governance or mobile governance.
talking about social media, prime minister modi said, the example of breaking, addition, and twisting of technology is being seen in the form of social media.
the government proposes to formulate a new education policy aimed at meeting the challenges posed by lack of quality, research and innovation in our educational institutions, smritiirani said.
banks should give priority to the poor, who promptly repay loans, and loans given to rich entrepreneurs many a time have been declared non-performing assets, siddaramaiah said.
while ram had said that the motivation of his paper was not political and was focused on technical aspects, the eac note said, given the fact that his paper lacks rigour in terms of specific data sources and description; alternative hypothesis; rationale of equation specifications, use of dummies, and robustness-check diagnostics of estimated equations; and choice of countries in the sample and a specific list; it would not stand the scrutiny of academic or policy research standards.
by ptinew delhi: hitting back at rahul gandhi over his dig at the make in india programme after vande bharat train experienced trouble during its initial run, union minister piyushgoyal said the congress president has insulted india's intelligence and hard work by mocking the initiative.
(source: pti)bihar chief minister nitishkumar on friday said the centres advocacy of cashless economy is possible only when there is a bank branch in every panchayat and space will be provided to start new banks in panchayat bhawans in the state.
smart card technology is that it can only be read by someone who actually has a card reading device.
we've also seen intellectual property, technologies that were created by us companies, with a lot of investment, a lot of up-front capital, taken, not protected properly, by chinese firms, barackobama said.
berlin: chancellor angelamerkel says she only found out about volkswagen's use of software to cheat on emissions through the media.
gandhi said the 'make in india' scheme of the government has failed to create jobs or attract investment and unemployment was rampant.
speaking about the poor innovation in india, gandhi said there was a lack of funding.
today, we misuse technology and kill girls in the womb of the mother, modi said, adding that the damage being done through generations would take another two to three generations to be rectified.
ridiculing the idea of cashless economy, ram said nowhere in the world has such kind of economy been fully implemented.
i had written to the union minister of environment and forests in january saying that interested parties who failed to win the confidence of farmers (on transgenic crops) are now pushing the technology through public institutions, nitishkumar said.
b'kerala chief minister oommenchandy today said the state had failed to capitalise on the advantages of information technology and hoped by march this year the e-governance project would be completed.
when modi asked the country to try out digital payments following the governments demonetisation move, kumar took on the cudgels to make palnar cashless.
the software sometimes fails to read fingerprints and aadhaar card details of beneficiaries, forcing them to return without their monthly quota of subsidised foodgrain, modi said.
stating that the make in india concept as it stands today talks only of a platform, manoharparrikar said, i don't understand why only platforms.
m ram , tjac chief, said, the federation collected information which confirms that even after constant demands, government is yet to reimburse about rs 4,500 crore fee dues to private colleges which include intermediate, degree, engineering and pharmacy colleges.
a lot of work is being carried out in it sector across the country, but the minister, who is from bihar, should give special attention to bihar and speed up pending projects in the state, nitishkumar said after inaugurating the national institute of electronics & information technology's (nielit)'s new campus at bihta, 40km west of patna.
raining his guns on singh, modi said that if the former prime minister was talking about the country where 50 per cent of the population was poor and that it wont be easy to integrate technology easily across the board, was it a reflection of his governments performance or mine?
according to t v ram of the centre for ecological sciences, iisc, which gives guidelines in bringing out pbr for the state, said, lack of knowledge on the importance of biodiversity information can be the main reason restricting local self governments to set up bmcs and bringing out pbr for each panchayats.
at a colourful ceremony, which included a presentation of india's indigenous martial art forms, dances and sports, modi said technology has contributed to a sedentary lifestyle.
earlier, senior advisor to ministry of earth sciences, ram said data from the indian network was rejected till 2007-08 by global weather numerical prediction centres due to its errors because of its non-gps systems.
by ptinew delhi: financial services secretary rajivkumar said today that public sector banks (psbs) have been given a 15-day deadline to take pre-emptive action for identifying gaps and to gear up for rising operational and technical risks, as the scam in the pnb widened to rs 12,700 crore.
on the day when the government launched the startup india campaign, gandhi said there is a huge contradiction that the centre was attempting to push start-ups while being intolerant.
only favouritism and corruption have been seen in the last five years, says k ram , an entrepreneur from puducherry.
modi said that at a time when major powers are reducing their troop strength and relying more on technology, india is still constantly seeking to expand the size of its forces.
modi said reforming the citizen-government interface and the processes of governance, innovation and keeping pace with the latest technology were challenges before the government.
expressing serious concern over reports of failure of evms at several places across the state, babu said he had been saying right from the beginning that evms were unreliable as they were prone to technical glitches.
retired town planner ram said: the challenge of achieving the target of getting selected for smart city category is colossal.
technological progress without an equivalent progress in human institutions can doom us, barackobama said, adding that such technology requires a moral revolution as well.
taking on the opposition and accusing it of misguiding people over cashless transactions, modi said that while on one hand they claimed that rajiv brought about the telecom revolution, on the other they contradict themselves by saying that their countrymen dont have means for cashless transactions.
in his address, pranabmukherjee said that demonetisation has resulted in the temporary slowdown of the economy but as more and more transactions become cashless, it will improve the transparency of the economy.
however, g ram , one of the acting md of kitco, the consultants for the project, told express that the problem was caused due to the use of a new technology deck continuity, which is used in many parts in north india with good results.
the congress,during 40 years rule in gujarat,did not open a single school with science stream in the tribal areas, modi said,adding that the bjp government had started science stream higher secondary schools in these areas to enable tribal youths become doctors and engineers.
picture by sachinpatna: chief minister nitishkumar on saturday said scientific investigation techniques were necessary for the police to detect crime, but also batted for continuing with traditional investigation methods.
meanwhile, municipal commissioner dineshwaghmare said, e-governance is atop of civic bodys agendawe will certainly be going digital, but in a phased manner.
(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday that youths wanted to be entrepreneurs and not job-seekers, attempting to defend his government over opposition criticism for lack of employment and seeking to woo the middle class by claiming to have ushered in ease of living.
in these days of high technological advancements, authorities should ensure a more secure and fool-proof system while conducting such recruitment examinations, says madan.
airlines at one point of time were considered elitist, now its not and there are multiple people who (travel by air)we will do nothing to discourage innovation but whatever is accepted by the regulator has to have a reason, ram said.
noting that india has missed the bus because of its conventional thinking when it came to industrial and technology revolutions, arunjaitley said indians have now become aspirational, which is putting pressure on politicians to support reforms initiatives.
