Puttanniah said chief minister Siddaramaiah had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes , but he has not bothered to safeguard the farmers interest .
Gandhi had earlier said he will not let prime minister Narendra Modi sleep until all farmer loans have been waived off .
At the same rally , Congress president Gandhi had said : the voice that is reverberating now across the country is of the farmers who are in deep distress and crisis .
A Revanth read , Telangana TDP floor leader in the state assembly , said in his petition that several farmers in the state have been facing hardships due to supply of fake seeds .
Hinting at the rapport between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Fadnavis , Pawar wondered how difficult it could be to extract funds from the centre for the farmers .
Co/G1Usbs8Jia Modi ( @ Narendramodi ) December 16 , 2018Hitting out at the Karnataka government where the Congress is an alliance partner , Modi said , the Congress has been speaking big things about loan waiver , but all of them are lies .
Saying that the plastic menace was a form of land degradation which would be impossible to reverse , Modi said that apart from adverse health implications , it is going to render land unproductive and unfit for agriculture .
Nationalist Congress party leader Ajit Pawar said that the Bjp-Led Govenrment was working in the interest of a handful of industrialists and would do nothing for the farmers .
Karnataka was not releasing water for its own farmers , as the available storage has been reserved to meet the drinking water needs of Bengaluru and other cities , Siddaramaiah told the team of 20 farmers associations from Tamil Nadu , led by former Rajya Sabha MP and the leader of Dmks farmers wing , KP Ramalingam .
2.34Pm : Narendra Modi has betrayed farmers .
Criticising the diesel price hike , chief minister Narendramodi on Thursday said it would affect farmers the most .
B'India would not have lost its sheen as a country of farmers if Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel had been the first prime minister , Gujarat chief minister Narendramodi said today , Ruing the poor National agricultural growth .
By 2015 , the farmers of Devanahalli , Kolar and Chikkaballapur will have to migrate elsewhere , says Shivanapura RAM , a farmer from Devanahalli .
Addressing a gathering in old Ankola town , Mr. Gandhi said instead of helping farmers and the poor through loan waiver , Mr. Modi was only interested in helping loan Defaulters and had waived thousands of crores of loans of businessmen .
Earlier , attacking the Narendra Modi government on Demonetisation , Congress president Gandhi on Wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers .
Siddaramaiah said the central team , which toured 16 districts in the last three days , was convinced about the severity of drought in Karnataka .
Compensation from centre for crop loss meagre : Cmgulbarga , SEP 6 , 2014 , Dhns : 0:25 Istchief minister RAM on Saturday said that the compensation received from the central relief fund for natural disasters for crop losses due to floods was meagre .
Follow our election coverage hereon the issue of farm loan waiver , Nath said : PM Modi said that loans of farmers were not waived off .
To send a message to farmers , who are in the habit of raising loans , Siddaramaiah said , barring my father , who had obtained loan once from a Pld bank , nobody in our undivided family has availed loans .
But the scheme never took off due to change in the government at the centre , agriculture minister Radhamohansingh told reporters here .
Because of cumbersome banking processes and the burden of debt , around 2,70,000 farmers have committed suicide in the past 20 years , Modi had said .
On the allegations relating to the lynching of a dairy farmer in Alwar in Rajasthan and similar incidents , Naidu said law and order was a state subject .
B'India would not have lost its sheen as a country of farmers if Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel had been the first prime minister , Gujarat chief minister Modi said today , Ruing the poor National agricultural growth .
Union home minister Rajnathsingh on Friday asked Indias voters to throw the BJP out of power if the government fails to double farmers income by 2022 , a statement which came amid a violent agitation by Agriculturists in Madhya Pradesh .
No cabinet rejig before drought review : Cmmysuru : April 23 , 2016 , Dhns : 1:43 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah has said that the cabinet would be reshuffled only after the review of drought situation in the state .
Rahul will visit kin of peasants who ended lives : Siddaramaiahbengaluru , July 25 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:58 Istcongress vice president Rahul Gandhi will soon visit Karnataka again for two days to meet some of the family members of farmers who committed suicide recently , chief minister RAM said on Friday .
Pointing to farmer suicides and unemployment in the country , Gandhi said the last three years were a betrayal of the mandate the government had received .
Apparently referring to the demands for debt relief by the farmers , Naidu said loan waiver depends upon financial condition of the state governments .
Despite good rains , the entire country , its villages , farmers and poor people are still struggling with life , Modi said , criticising the policies of the upa government with regard to poverty and agricultural growth .
B'Backing chief minister Siddaramaiah on the issue of Cauvery water sharing with Tamil Nadu , Janata DAL ( secular ) national secretary general Danish Ali on Sunday said when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in Cauvery catchment areas , how can the Karnataka government release the river waters .
Agriculture Minister Radhamohansingh said that about 113 lakh hectares of Rabi crop have been destroyed due to unseasonal rains .
During the meeting held at the Punjab Bhawan here , cm Amarindersingh said officials should make all-out efforts to ensure timely and full procurement of every single grain from farmers , who had suffered a harrowing time last year due to an ill-conceived agricultural policy of the erstwhile Sad-Bjp government .
After being the nation 's food bowl for almost four decades , captain Amarindersingh said that time has come to move beyond agriculture .
At the same rally , Congress president Rahulgandhi had said : the voice that is reverberating now across the country is of the farmers who are in deep distress and crisis .
Modi said without Neem coating , urea was being pilfered to other uses , leaving farmers without availability of the fertiliser .
The mounting farm debts was making the agriculture in Punjab increasingly unsustainable , endangering not only the food security of the nation but also the social fabric of this sensitive border state , said Amarindersingh , citing the pioneering role of Punjab in the production of foodgrain and thereby in national food security .
B'Backing chief minister RAM on the issue of Cauvery water sharing with Tamil Nadu , Janata DAL ( secular ) national secretary general Danish Ali on Sunday said when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in Cauvery catchment areas , how can the Karnataka government release the river waters .
Spelling out the governments plan for water and fodder supply in arid areas , Fadnavis said that a contingency plan was in place to face the crisis .
The problems of water and fodder supply in Drought-Hit areas would be taken up on a war footing , Gandhi said while interacting with farmers and labourers in the drought hit villages of Aurangabad in Maharashtra .
Co/0Lfegtkkfb Rahul Gandhi ( @ Rahulgandhi ) 1525317561000New Delhi : Congress president Rahul Gandhi today gave an 'F ' grade report card to the Modi government on the subject of agriculture in Poll-Bound Karnataka .
The farmers are suffering as a result of the central government 's failure to waive their debts , which many state governments , including Punjab , have sought , Amarindersingh said .
Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis told Ht that drought like situation would be announced for 8,000 to 14,000 villages in the state by mid-September , on the basis of the average rainfall .
Addressing the media at the MP border , Rahulgandhi said , PM Modi doesnt waive off farmer loans , doesnt give them benefits , only gives them bullets .
Punjab cm captain Amarinder ( file photo ) Punjab cm captain Amarinder ( file photo ) the state level bankers committee of Punjab Friday said the delay in rolling out the farm debt waiver to farmers having accounts in commercial banks was affecting recoveries of commercial banks and had also turned nearly 80 per cent farmers into non-performing assets ( Npas ) .
Taking a jibe at the prime minister over his frequent foreign tours , Gandhi said that Modi is always going on world tours , but he had not seen him standing even once with a farmer or an unemployed youth .
Earlier Policiesin 2001 , before the 2002 elections , the then chief minister Prakash Parkashsinghbadals announced a compensation of RS 2 lakh , which was never given .
Addressing a two-day meet of the all India Congress Seva DAL , Gandhi said every sections of the society , be it farmers , youths or small-scale traders , suffered under the Modi government and they should get justice .
Blaming the Bjd government for stonewalling the centres development initiatives , Modi said the state government denied Odisha farmers of 1 .
Kishore Tiwari , chairman of Vasantrao Shetkari Swavalamban mission , said this is because despite waiver , banks have still not started disbursing fresh credit to the farmers leaving them fund starved .
There has been no contribution from the centre to the Congress-Led government 's RS 8,500 crore contribution in farm loan waivers , Gandhi said on Twitter .
Attacking the Congress at a public meeting at upa chairperson Sonia Gandhi 's home turf , Modi said the party neither bothered about Jawans nor farmers .
While campaigning for the assembly elections in October last year , the BJP government , currently in power in the state , had targeted the previous Congress-Ncp regime for its failure to prevent farmer suicides .
But the CM had no time to listen to our plight , said another farmer Chakradhar Deshmukh .
Mr. H.D.Kumaraswamys , who accused the union and state governments of neglecting farmers under distress owing to crop losses following drought and Flood-Like situations , said , both governments have failed to tackle farmers problems effectively and were pointing fingers at each other when asked about loan waivers .
Talking to journalists after being stopped , Rahulgandhi said , the Narendra Modi government and the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government are both Anti-Farmer .
Instead of focusing on main issues , Modi says his biggest achievement was to bring the US president as chief guest on republic day while farmers and small traders were suffering , the former union minister told reporters here .
Commenting on the farmers protest , Mr Singh said on Saturday that people are doing stunts , trying to do something unique .
This price hike will prove to be very bad for the farmers of the state where there is Drought-Like situation , Modi said .
Prima facie , it is estimated that the Yavatmal district has suffered the highest losses with 17,000 hectares of crops having suffered damage , the CM said in a statement .
Addressing farmers in the state through all India radio from Bengaluru , RAM said it had come to the fore that the dramatic rise in farmer suicides in the last few days was due to their exploitation by mercenary moneylenders charging high rates of interest .
Fadnavis visit , however , failed to Enthuse the farmers community , which is battling acute water shortage , crop failure and suicides .
In his memorandum to the team , RAM said 119 human lives has been lost since April 2013 and 11,536 houses damaged ; 1,33,572 hectare agriculture crops damaged at an estimated loss of 320 .
On a days visit to Odisha to participate in Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas ( SSSV ) Sammelan and other programmes organised by BJP to celebrate completion of three years by Narendra Modi government at the centre , RAM said waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual state .
Ejaz Kaiser Byexpress news Serviceraipur : Congress president Gandhi , in a scathing attack on the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) government at the centre and in Chhattisgarh , said the saffron party encourages a few industrialists but ignores the concerns of the poor , the farmers , the labourers and the youngsters .
Farmers are a worried lot and government should come to their help by initiating drought relief works in the state , RAM said .
While 20 farmers had committed suicide during the previous Ldf governments term , the UDF tenure was largely free of farmer suicides , RAM said .
Modi said the country had faced two consecutive years of drought , pushing vegetable prices up .
In his memorandum to the team , Siddaramaiah said 119 human lives has been lost since April 2013 and 11,536 houses damaged ; 1,33,572 hectare agriculture crops damaged at an estimated loss of 320 .
Cong wo n't allow govt to take land of farmers easily : Rahulanantapur ( AP ) , July 24 , 2015 , PTI : 12:58 Isthitting out at the NDA government over the contentious land bill , Congress vice president Rahulgandhi today said he would not let prime minister Narendra Modi take farmers ' land easily .
Regulatory overreach has created panic and strain on the Fcv tobacco farmers in the country , Faifa general secretary Babu said in a statement .
This was after the World Bank took Cognisance of the complaints filed by farmers in the Amaravati region that the government had commandeered their land in the name of Land-Pooling to build the new capital city of Amaravati , Dr RAM , who is also a member of the CESs board of governors , said over telephone .
Farmer RAM said farming has not been taken up from the last four years .
Siddaramaiah said the districts of Belagavi , Dharwad and Gadag were facing severe drought and groundwater has been depleted .
Delay in getting appointment with Modi upsets Siddaramaiahbengaluru , August 14 , 2015 , Dhns : 1:19 Istcm had sought time to discuss Kalasa-Banduri project , Droughtchief minister RAM on Thursday said he was disappointed that the appointment he had sought with Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss various issues , including implementation of the Kalasa-Banduri project and drought condition prevailing in the state , had received no response .
Fortunately , Union finance minister Arun Jaitley has said that the centre will not extend any further assistance for farm loan waiver which would have otherwise been hugely inflationary while bringing down the Economys already sluggish growth rate .
Tough to waive crop loans , says Siddaramaiahbengaluru , Feb 28 , 2016 , Dhns : 1:54 Istchief minister RAM , who held a Pre-Budget meeting with farmer leaders and representatives on Saturday , said that it would be difficult for the state government to waive crop loans entirely .
Congress president Sonia Gandhi said Modi had led people , including farmers , up the garden path before the polls and was bringing Anti-Farmer policies now .
On Saturday , Union agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singh said the protest by farmers were attempts to get media attention .
Also read : Kisan rally highlights | PM failed to fulfil promises , say Rahulgandhi , Arvind Kejriwalkejriwal in his address at the venue , claimed that the centre had filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court saying it would not implement the M s Swaminathan commission report .
Had this been in Chhattisgarh , farmers would have got all the help by now and situation would have been different , RAM said .
Mohali : after being the countrys food bowl for four decades , time has come for Punjab to move beyond agriculture , says chief minister captain Amarindersingh speaking at toi event Mohali : the next big it hub here on Tuesday , the CM said that agriculture had its place in the economy but there was a need to explore the other avenues as well for creating job opportunities in Punjab .
( source : express photo by Rana Simranjit Singh ) Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal on Saturday said people need to understand that the state government does have its limitations when dealing with certain issues , particularly those related to farmers .
Farmer suicides that were on the decline during the upa regime have now risen sharply .
Fadnavis said if loan waiver were a lasting solution , he would have pursued it even at the cost of all financial constraints .
Jaise Congress ne Desh Ko 'Gharibi Hatao ' Ke Naare Ke Saath Thaga , VO AB Desh Ko Karzmaafi Ke Naam par Thag Rahi Hai ( Congress , which cheated people with 'Eradicate Porverty ' slogan in the past , is cheating with loan waiver ) , Modi said the Congress in Punjab , too , had made big promises to farmers , but deceived them after coming to power .
On a day 's visit to the Purvanchal region , his second trip to Uttar Pradesh this month , Modi claimed that the JD ( s ) -Congress coalition government , which came to power in Karnataka recently , had waived only 800 farm loans .
Puttanniah said chief minister RAM had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes , but he has not bothered to safeguard the farmers interest .
Addressing the media at the MP border , Gandhi said , PM Modi doesnt waive off farmer loans , doesnt give them benefits , only gives them bullets .
If Khedut Putra ( son of farmer ) , Sardar Patel had become the first prime minister , this would not have happened to our farmers somehow , we took the wrong way , Modi said addressing a gathering of farmers at Krishi Mahotsav in Bharuch .
This year has turned out to be the year of highest number of farmer suicides .
When farmers are in deep trouble due to agrarian crisis , Prime Minister Narendra Modi and chief minister Siddaramaiah are busy countering one another over commission percentage governance , H.D . H.D.Kumaraswamys , state president of the Janata DAL ( s ) , has said .
We will not retract a single inch , we will not let them sleep at night till farmer loans are waived , Gandhi said .
Hitting out at Rahul Gandhi , Smritiirani later told reporters that the Congress vice president has been saying on land bill that he will not let anyone take an inch of farmers ' land .
Nagpur : in a veiled warning to the opposition , chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday said his government would expose all wrongdoings made in their tenure of 15 years , due to which the farmers were committing suicides .
Dr g V RAM , an agriculture scientist attending the convention said : the government is not accepting readily available field data and experience on this dangerous pesticide .
It 's a bundle of false promises , RAM said and argued that there was no justification to call it an agriculture budget .
Soon after the house assembled at 11am , leader of opposition Indira Hridayesh raised the issue saying if Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath could announce a loan waiver for farmers at the very first meeting of his cabinet , why the same cant be done in Uttarakhand .
Inflation under check ; global economy , agri a challenge : Fmnew Delhi , may 23 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 14:05 Istfinance minister Arunjaitley today said inflation has been brought under control in the past one year but global economy and agrarian situation as well as domestic investments pose challenge to the Indian economy .
Gandhi at the farmers ' rally on Wednesday had said , the watchman with a 56-inch chest ran away and told a woman , Sitharaman Ji , defend me .
The cause for concern is not just the suicide rate but the entire agrarian situation .
West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee ( file photo ) West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee ( file photo ) West Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee on Wednesday said the centre must announce a farm loan waiver across the country and claimed that the farmers were in distress due to Demonetisation .
Modi said that the RS 1,540 crore the centre had released as compensation to farmers who suffered losses during the Kharif season in Karnataka , was not credited to their accounts till the union government applied pressure .
Prof RAM said the government should have allocated a large sum for agriculture as it is going through a serious crisis .
( photo : PTI ) the Punjab cm noted that the central government had failed to provide any relief to the farmers suffering from the agrarian crisis which was a result of the antagonistic policies of the Bjp-Led central government .
This has been the case in many villages as price of cattle feed has increased after cyclone and steps from government were miniscule , said g RAM , a farmer in Vedaranyam .
Criticising Congress poll promise of farm loan waiver as a trick to deceive the people , Modi said such schemes had failed to help farmers in the long run .
Taking a dig at the Congress-Led upa government at the centre , Modi said he had suggested to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to launch waste water management and solid waste disposal projects to upgrade rural and agrarian economy .
Amid loud chants by BJP members saying the country will not tolerate the insult to the PM , RAM said education , agriculture , health sectors and job creation were the major challenges facing the country and the Bjp-Led NDA government had not addressed them in nearly four years of its rule .
B'Bihar chief minister Nitishkumar ( PTI photo ) Bihar chief minister Nitishkumar ( PTI photo ) Bihar chief minister Nitishkumar on Tuesday said that while everybody was ready to Deify Mahatama Gandhi very few were willing to follow his thoughts and attributed present days crises in agriculture and environment to ignoring paths shown by him .
Leader of opposition ( lop ) , RAM said that the state government had failed on law and order front and did not keep its promise of serving farmers interests .
I have no money , said RAM , a farmer from the Karur district in Tamil Nadu , who has been protesting at Jantar Mantar for over three weeks now .
I have been criticised on this but I am of the view that farming has become unviable due to land under agriculture shrinking and the number of people dependent on it growing .
Lop Naidu said that Congress must clarify why there has been delay in the farm loan waiver announced by the government .
The cm also accused union minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal of failing to protect Punjabs and the farmers interests at the centre she did not raise her voice even though the BJP government at the centre failed to take any steps in the budget for the farming community , Amarindersingh said , pointing out that the NDA government had failed to implement the Swaminathan report , which was the only way to help farmers boost their income and bring the agriculture sector out of the doldrums into which it had been plunged .
Reacting to union minister D V Sadananda Gowdas statement that the chief minister had been making politically motivated statements with regard to drought relief funds , RAM said it was Gowda who was lying and trying to gain political mileage out of the issue .
They are not interested in farmers ' welfare , RAM said .
Admitting that about 85 lakh farmers across the southern state were in debt for raising bank loans , he said they were in distress due to recurring droughts and crop failures over the years .
Badal repeatedly said that be it any party Sad-Bop or Congress governments in the state , the fault is of the centre on all issues of debt waiver , loans and Step-Motherly treatment of Punjab .
The cm said neither one-time loan waiver nor repeated subsidies would bring prosperity .
Though the opposition criticised it as a small initiative , it should share what it contributed to farmers when it was in power , said prime minister Modi 's brother Modi , vice-president , all India fair price shop dealers federation , during his visit to the Sri Krishna mutt on Wednesday .
The centres new notification imposing restrictions on cattle trade will cause an enormous financial burden on farmers , thereby further contributing to the agrarian crisis , Karnataka chief minister RAM has said in a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Various studies undertaken to understand the extent of farm debt in Punjab had found that farm labourers were one of the most Badly-Hit class and should be considered for suitable relief in any loan waiver scheme , Amarindersingh said and criticised opposition parties and some Kisan unions for spreading false propaganda on the issues faced by farmers .
Noting that the symbolic sops he had announced for farmers in his new year eve address to the nation were not enough to rescue the farming community from the crisis into which they had been plunged due to note ban , Amarinder said Modi had failed to announce debt waiver even though the Congress had recently submitted to him more than one crore forms from Punjab and Uttar Pradesh farmers seeking relaxation .
Siddaramaiah said that Modi did not utter a word about farmers or poor in the rally .
Our politicians , in spite of their rhetoric , have failed to educate the average farmer who is aware that he is losing something but not its ramifications , said M. Babu , an official of the local school .
Siddaramaiah said that the saffron party leaders , such as Shivamogga MP B s Yeddyurappa , Union ministers D V Sadananda Gowda and H N Ananth Kumar , and state BJP president Pralhad Joshi , who were part of the All-Party delegation from the state that met prime minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi on August 24 , did not utter a word before the prime minister in the interest of farmers .
Highlighting other issues , Rajiv RAM , a farmer , said drinking water is the main problem of the village .
Otherwise , the mass anger due to agrarian distress , Demonetisation or rising fuel prices among others will not have led to humiliation for the BJP in the assembly polls , Omarabdullah said at an event here .
Asks Akhileshlucknow , Feb 26 , 2017 , PTI : 21:03 Isttaking on prime minister Narendra Modi over his poll promises , chief minister Akhileshyadav today asked why he was waiting for the results of the Uttar Pradesh election to waive farmers ' loans .
The statement of the agriculture minister that preparation of seeds is not as easy as preparing Upma and Idli stands testimony for the governments lack of sincerity towards the farmers , Babu said adding that the propaganda on Babu works and cancellation of the projects taken up during the TDP regime were a loss to the farming community .
Amarinder said , when the Congress came to power in Punjab , we had no idea that the economic condition of Punjab was so bad that it was under debt of over RS 2 lakh crore and due to it there was some delay in implementing the loan waiver scheme .
After Shiv Sena relaunched its attack on the state government over loan waivers , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said the demand to completely waive farm loans could not be granted immediately as it will collapse the fiscal discipline .
Even the National Bank for agriculture and rural development did not show any inclination to give credit in view of its guidelines .
We will put up roadblocks on state highways for half and hour to one hour every day between December 26 and 30 in all 18 districts as part of our token protest against the manner in which farmers are being denied the MSP , said Madan , the president of the Pradeshik Krishak Sabha .
Bjp leader N RAM , a member of the legislative council , says the Telangana government precipitated the agrarian crisis by advising farmers to sow red gram and Chilli instead of cotton .
While welcoming former AAP leader Dr Daljit Singh in the party , Amarindersingh said , `` he wanted to fight the chief minister on his home turf of Lambi as he wanted to defeat all the top Akali leaders responsible for destroying the state through their drugs , Mafia and Goonda Raj , and guilty of ruining its trade , industry and agriculture .
If water is not released , the people may also face a food crisis , said Nagar , farmers leader from Siruguppa .
Recalling Yeddyurappas tenure as chief minister , RAM said that , when Congress leader V s Ugrappa asked Yeddyurappa , the then chief minister , to waive off farm loans in the legislative council , Yeddyurappa said that he had no note printing machine .
Targeting the Congress , Modi said the opposition party claims to be the custodian of the farmers , the poor and the suppressed people .
All that Modi said in 2014 is Jumla bringing back black money , giving employment to two crore people , implementing the recommendations of the Swaminathan committee report to help resolve farmer woes .
Speaking to reporters in Bengaluru on Thursday , RAM said though the procurement centres have been opened since December 23 , there has not been much response from the farmers as the minimum support price ( MSP ) has been fixed at RS 1,100 per quintal , when compared to RS 1,300 per quintal , last season .
Repeated loan waivers by various state governments distort credit pricing , thereby also disrupting the credit market , former RBI governor RAM had said .
25Pm : the government waives loans of the top 50 rich men of the country but not of the farmers , Rahulgandhi said before leaving for Udaipur .
Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis ( file photo ) Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis ( file photo ) the Shiv Sena on Saturday asked Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis to apologise to farmers in the state , claiming he had deceived them with fake promises of loan waiver during the 2014 assembly polls .
The statement of the agriculture minister that preparation of seeds is not as easy as preparing Upma and Idli stands testimony for the governments lack of sincerity towards the farmers , Naidu said adding that the propaganda on Polavaram works and cancellation of the projects taken up during the TDP regime were a loss to the farming community .
I had written to the union minister of environment and forests in January saying that interested parties who failed to win the confidence of farmers ( on transgenic crops ) are now pushing the technology through public institutions , Nitishkumar said .
Repeated loan waivers by various state governments distort credit pricing , thereby also disrupting the credit market , former RBI governor Raghuramrajan had said .
Reacting to union minister D V Sadananda Gowdas statement that the chief minister had been making politically motivated statements with regard to drought relief funds , Siddaramaiah said it was Gowda who was lying and trying to gain political mileage out of the issue .
Addressing a rally on Friday in Ganj Basoda , Gandhi said Modi has failed to fulfil his promise of giving jobs to two crore youths and ensuring remunerative prices to farmers for their produce .
Also read : Kisan rally highlights | PM failed to fulfil promises , say Gandhi , Arvind Kejriwalkejriwal in his address at the venue , claimed that the centre had filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court saying it would not implement the M s Swaminathan commission report .
Pointing out that 10 lakh acres of land , farmed by 2 lakh farmer families and supported by another 2 lakh agricultural labourers depended on agriculture in Punjab , Amarindersingh said implementation of the Syl verdict would finish them all .
Congress state president g RAM said the distressed farming community had again met with disappointment .
Alleging that Modi has not fulfilled any of the announcements made for farmers before coming to power at the centre three years back , Ajaykumar said because of the governments neglect , as many as 35 farmers are taking their lives every day .
Wondering how the commission can ignore Karnataka which has been facing severe drought for the past several years , Siddaramaiah said even smaller states like Haryana have received more allocation than Karnataka .
Elder brother RAM says farming has become a loss-making proposition because farmers are unable to recover even input costs .
Addressing a rally in up 's Ghazipur on Saturday , Modi had said loan waivers were a lollipop and accused Congress of cheating farmers through doles that benefited only 800 farmers .
Urging people to shout his oft-repeated slogan against Modi and raising farmers issue during the address , Rahulgandhi claimed that the PM had duped farmers and looted the people of India to give `30,000 crore to Anil Ambani .
Sonia Gandhi said the government had to bow down on the land ordinance and allow it to lapse due to the support from the farming community to Congress ' fight against the measure .
When a minister entrusted with the welfare of the farmers can not relate to their problems and is absolutely indifferent to their plight , one can well imagine which way the country is headed , Amarindersingh said .
Nagpur : educating students and farmers on innovations that are taking place in the world are of utmost importance as the agriculture sector is in total disarray mainly due to lack of coordination and flexibility between the central and state agencies which give advise on various issues , said s RAM , former director of Tata Institute of social sciences , Mumbai , on Friday .
In a flip-flop on the proposed Karnataka Bandh , N. Ravi Kumar , general secretary , BJP , on Sunday , called on farmers and the public to observe a Bandh voluntarily on Monday .
He used to wear rose and had the knowledge of gardens but did not know about farmers or farming , due to which the community faced hardship , Babu said , without naming Nehru .
( PTI file photo , file ) Madhya Pradesh farmers protest : Union minister M.Venkaiahnaidu told the Congress not to Politicise the issue .
Through the Gujarat model , Modi JI showed that he can snatch the land of farmers quite easily and convinced the industrialists that he can do the same in the whole country .
Singh said while farmers were resorting to extreme steps out of sheer desperation and the masses were reeling under the impact of the spiralling prices of essentials , Mr. Radha Mohan Singh clearly had no qualms on showing his lack of sensitivity to their problems .
When a minister entrusted with the welfare of the farmers can not relate to their problems and is absolutely indifferent to their plight , one can well imagine which way the country is headed , Amarinder Singh said .
Gandhi said while farmers in the Mandis are crying , the Haryana agriculture minister is saying farmers committing suicide are cowards , he said amid cries of shame , shame from the opposition .
The chief minister , however , said this had been achieved at a huge cost to the state and its farmers as the Punjab farmers have bartered away their only two natural resources , soil fertility and water .
Punjab Congress president Amarinder Singh on Thursday accused the Badal government of pushing the debt-ridden farmers in the state to commit suicide through its Anti-Farmer policies .
The 20 key promises made by the Congress-Led upa government , including police reforms , subsidised community kitchen , social security , model schools , increase in minimum support price to the farmers and womens reservation bill , have not yet been realised even after 10 years , said Naidu .
You mount pressure on the government so that the farmers of Bengal are not deprived of the scheme , Modi told the woman .
Ncp president Sharad Pawar Thursday agreed with chief minister Devendra Fadnavis that a loan waiver can not be a long-term solution to the agrarian crisis in the state .
Agriculture Minister Radhamohansingh said the rains and hailstorm altogether affected 94 lakh hectares of crop area across 14 States over the last three months .
Urging people to shout his oft-repeated slogan against Modi and raising farmers issue during the address , Gandhi claimed that the PM had duped farmers and looted the people of India to give `30,000 crore to Anil Ambani .
25Pm : the government waives loans of the top 50 rich men of the country but not of the farmers , Gandhi said before leaving for Udaipur .
Modi said the Congress , which ruled the country for decades , with one family in power for most part , neglected the poor and farmers .
Modi said only 14 per cent farmers got the benefit of the crop insurance scheme for farmers in up because Akhilesh does not feel it is any work .
At a party rally here , Mr. Gandhi said the Narendra Modi government , which had refused to waive farm loans , had waived off RS . 2.5 lakh crore of public money to benefit a handful of the rich .
We have left with no other option except to go for agitation , said RAM , one of the farmers .
P Kumarravi , another curry leaf farmer from Madhanur , said half of his Six-Acre plantation has wilted .
Delay in getting appointment with Modi upsets Siddaramaiahbengaluru , August 14 , 2015 , Dhns : 1:19 Istcm had sought time to discuss Kalasa-Banduri project , Droughtchief minister Siddaramaiah on Thursday said he was disappointed that the appointment he had sought with Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss various issues , including implementation of the Kalasa-Banduri project and drought condition prevailing in the state , had received no response .
This year the state has implemented Mega agricultural debt , waiver and debt relief scheme to benefit around 6 million farmers but as the state has no direct control over functioning PSU banks , it failed to give timely and sufficient credit to needy and debt rapped farmers , said Tiwari .
At Mandi Gobindgarh , farmer Harbhajan Singh of Dadheri village told him how the state government had failed to settle his payment .
Punjab chief minister captain Amarinder Singh on Saturday dismissed allegations levelled by Shiromani Akali DAL ( sad ) president Sukhbir Singh Badal that he was trying to pass the buck on farm loan Waivercapt .
Launching a tirade against the Bjp-Led National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) government , RAM said : Modi government is Anti-Farmer and it is evident with the changes brought to the act , only to benefit the corporates .
The NDA government 's ally at the centre said Modi has announced credit to a foreign country at a time when hapless farmers , who are reeling under debt from banks and private moneylenders are waiting for financial aid from government .
Chandigarh : Haryana chief minister Manoharlalkhattar said on Sunday that farmers will not forgive those who dumped their vegetables and milk on the roads .
Modi , in his speech , said till a few months back the Congress was accusing the ruling the sp of corruption and neglecting farmers , but the two have now embraced each other .
Again attacking the Congress , Modi said : the previous government first made the farmer take a loan and is now doing the drama of loan waiving .
Addressing a farmers rally on the Pradhan Mantri Fasal BIMA Yojana in the Western Odisha town of Bargarh , Modi said there has been a storm of protests ever since he became prime minister .
Calling the new rules as unconstitutional , Siddaramaiah said that when the cattle grow old and become unproductive for farmers , the new rules prevent farmers from selling them .
Claiming that the Modi government had waived RS 1.10 lakh crore to 15 big corporates , Gandhi asked the centre why cant it waive the farmers loan .
The farmers in the region are depressed and distressed as there were no rains in the area since June 18 , and the crops that they sowed dried up .
He said the farmers in Karnataka would take to the streets if their government decided to discharge water for Tamil Nadu , RAM told express .
What they have done in the name of loan waiver for farmers will go down in history as one of the most cruel jokes on farmers , Modi had said at a rally recently .
Gandhi said that this decision has thrown farmers , small shopkeepers and housewives into utter chaos .
Opposing the land bill , Congress vice president Rahulgandhi has said that the party would not allow an inch of land to be acquired from farmers and made it clear that they are not in favour of the bill .
Wondering how the commission can ignore Karnataka which has been facing severe drought for the past several years , RAM said even smaller states like Haryana have received more allocation than Karnataka .
Market watchers claim many farmers had stopped repaying loans soon after Aicc president Gandhi announced plans to waive farm loans up to RS 2 lakh in 10 days after coming to power in Madhya Pradesh .
He allegedly asked them to buy 57 hectares from farmers and other villagers and sell it to the agency at an inflated price , RAM said .
Lucknow , SEP 21 , 2015 , Dhns : 1:34 Istunion HRD minister Smritiirani on Sunday said she was not scared of the legal notice from Congress over her claims that Rajiv Gandhi trust had grabbed 65 acres of farmers ' land in Amethi .
His hopes for financial bailout from the Bjp-Led government at the centre yet to be fulfilled , Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal told Modi it was high time that farmers too got their due .
By Ptijaipur : Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhararaje today announced a RS 8,000-Crore loan waiver for farmers , RS 650 crore tax relief and RS 44,135 crore expenditure on social and community schemes in the budget for 2018-19 presented in the assembly today .
Ashok Chavan , Maharashtra Congress president , said the state has been conveniently ignoring farmers suicides and other issues related to farmers despite raising them repeatedly .
Farmers in the Malaprabha river basin are losing patience since the dispute has been referred to a tribunal which could take a long time to deliver its final order , RAM said .
Vishal Srivastavwhile addressing the public in Unnao as part of his Kisan Yatra on Thursday , Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi asked why union finance minister Arun Jaitley had not given a speech on loans waived by his government .
New Delhi : with newly formed Congress governments in MP and Chhattisgarh clearing farm loan waivers , party chief Gandhi said the opposition will not let PM Narendra Modi sleep at night till he announces agriculture loan amnesty nationally .
The loan waiver was given to only 800 farmers , Modi had claimed .
Salem : prime minister Narendra Modi has not responded to a request seeking his appointment for an All-Party delegation from Tamil Nadu to urge him to set up the Cauvery management board , said chief minister Edappadik.Palaniswami talking to reporters in the city on Sunday , Palaniswami said the Pmo has not granted appointment for a delegation of All-Party representatives and farmers even after a reminder of the request was sent .
Speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the University of agriculture sciences campus on Ballari road , RAM said : agriculture universities , which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector , have failed to protect the interests of farmers .
But many of the committee members are politically motivated and acting in their own interest rather than pursuing the interests of the farmers , RAM told reporters in Nashik .
Navi Mumbai , Apr 9 , 2016 ( PTI ) 15:16 Ista day after chief minister Devendrafadnavis said he is fine with the IPL moving out of the Drought-Affected Maharashtra , his party colleague and BCCI secretary Anurag Thakur today warned that doing so will result in a loss of RS 100 CR for the state .
The governments failure to ensure timely procurement of the farmers produce has aggravated their woes , said Punjab Congress president Amarinder Singh .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah recently said the state had suffered a crop loss of RS 25,000 crore .
They are not interested in farmers ' welfare , Siddaramaiah said .
Stating that her apprehensions have been proven true , Mamatabanerjee said rampant job loss has been reported from across the country with the agriculture and unorganised sectors being the worst hit .
But after coming to power , they have taken an Anti-Farmer stand and diluted certain provisions in the law which have made the farmers rudderless , said Nitishkumar , addressing the Jd-U workers rally on the occasion of his birthday .
Earlier , attacking the Narendra Modi government on Demonetisation , Congress president Rahulgandhi on Wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers .
Cm warns of action against usurious Lendersjuly 19 , 2015 , Bengaluru , Dhns 1:16 Istmoneylenders pressuring farmers for high rates of interest and eventually driving them to suicide will be held responsible for their death , chief minister RAM said on Saturday .
V RAM 48 , another farmer from Marakkanam , said the discharge of untreated chemical waste and effluents was gradually affecting the fertility of the soil and yield when they used the contaminated water for irrigation .
Slamming him for trying to exploit the sentiments of the farmers , to whom the former regime had failed to deliver even an iota of benefits , Capt Amarindersingh said the former deputy cm was trying to mislead the farming community in a desperate bid to wean it away from the Congress .
Stating that government will withdraw cases against farmers and innocents after considering all the cases , RAM in his reply said there is no pardon to those involved in causing destruction to 12 government offices , court and public property and also those who attacked police personnel .
Congress chief Rahulgandhi had said that giving farmers RS 17 a day was an insult to all that they stood for .
Samajwadi party ( SP ) spokesman Gandhi said the BJP government has misplaced priorities and predicted that farmers ' anger would cost them dear in the 2019 Lok Sabha elections .
Pointing out that the rules , if implemented in their letter and spirit , would defeat the very purpose of certain sections of the prevention of cruelty to animals act , Siddaramaiah said the rules pertaining to the constitution of animal market monitoring committees and animal market committees would disturb a well established structure , which was in accordance with the Karnataka agricultural produce marketing ( regulation ) act .
Compensation from centre for crop loss meagre : Cmgulbarga , SEP 6 , 2014 , Dhns : 0:25 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Saturday said that the compensation received from the central relief fund for natural disasters for crop losses due to floods was meagre .
Tamil Nadu chief minister Edappadik.Palaniswami and deputy chief minister O Panneerselvam said the Dmk party despite being a part of the previous Congress-Led upa government in the centre betrayed farmers in the state .
He was tired as the government is not listening to us , RAM , one of the farmers , told Ians .
Taking a dig at farm loan waiver schemes in Rajasthan and MP where Congress had won in recent state elections , PM Modi said these Agri schemes had fallen flat .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis said the decision was historic as the farmers who could not benefit from the loan waiver given by the previous government in 2008-09 have been incorporated in the waiver announced by the present government .
Speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the University of agriculture sciences campus on Ballari road , Siddaramaiah said : agriculture universities , which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector , have failed to protect the interests of farmers .
Environment minister RAM said , if the centre can promise loan waiver for farmers in Uttar Pradesh if voted to power , why cant they do the same in Maharashtra .
In four days , the price crashed from RS 100 per kg to RS 65 per kg , said s RAM , a farmer from Maharajapuram near Tirukkattupalli .
Reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the Congress comes to power in the state , Amarinder said Modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban .
Punjab cm captain Amarindersingh ( file photo ) Punjab cm captain Amarindersingh ( file photo ) the state level bankers committee of Punjab Friday said the delay in rolling out the farm debt waiver to farmers having accounts in commercial banks was affecting recoveries of commercial banks and had also turned nearly 80 per cent farmers into non-performing assets ( Npas ) .
5 lakh crore loans of 15 big industrialists , why cant the loans of farmers be waived , Gandhi asked .
Lepakshi Naidu , a farmer of Hosapete Taluk , says Demonetization left him with no cash to buy pesticide for the Chilli crop he had sown .
Opposing the land bill , Congress vice president Gandhi has said that the party would not allow an inch of land to be acquired from farmers and made it clear that they are not in favour of the bill .
Not selling produce will bring losses to farmers .
Watch what else is making Newswe are very disturbed because of the declining Off-Take from domestic manufacturers regulatory overreach has created panic and strain on the Fcv tobacco farmers in the country , Faifa general secretary Babu said in a statement .
Congress member RAM said that the agriculture credit policy was faulty as farmers were not getting the benefit of loans from the cooperative sector , with some crops not being covered by them .
Addressing the gathering , Nagar Nagar , president , farmers wing of Tamil Maanila Congress ( TMC ) said , about one lakh acres of cash crops in Tiruchy and Karur districts particularly the annual crops , and banana plantation are on the verge of withering .
No incentive for sugarcane farmers , says Cmmandya : Oct 18 , 2014 , Dhns : 23:22 Istchief minister RAM said , no incentive will be paid to sugarcane farmers like last year as a committee has been formed to fix price for the produce .
Questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers , Amarinder Singh asked , if a bankrupt state like Punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver , why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme ?
Punjab chief minister Amarinder Singh said the farming community faced a crisis due to the indifferent attitude of the centre .
Replying to a question on what he thought about Fadnavis refusal to grant loan waiver to farmers at a meet the press programme organised by the Nagpur union of working journalists , Pawar said , I dont think a complete loan waiver is a good idea .
Had they fixed the minimum support price ( MSP ) of crops earlier , the farmers would not have fallen into the debt trap at all , said Modi adding that his government had taken initiatives including fixing MSP for 22 crops to double farmers income in the days to come .
The Badal father-son duo seems to be suffering from selective hearing and amnesia , said Amarindersingh on Friday , reacting to the Badals allegation that he had backtracked on his farm loan waiver promise .
Various studies undertaken to understand the extent of farm debt in Punjab had found that farm labourers were one of the most Badly-Hit class and should be considered for suitable relief in any loan waiver scheme , Amarinder said and criticised opposition parties and some Kisan unions for spreading false propaganda on the issues faced by farmers .
Barnala deputy commissioner Ghanshyamthori said suicide of 27 farmers and farm labourers , because of debt have been approved as per direction of the Department of revenue , rehabilitation and disaster management .
Only 80,000 of four lakh farmers got crop loans this Kharif season under the governments restructured crop loan scheme .
Gandhi said the Modi government has waived off loans of big industrialists but when farmers want the waiver of their loans , where the amount involved in much less , Jaitley would not oblige .
Without mentioning the Modi 's speech at Kushinagar , where he also criticised the SP government for not implementing centre 's farmer welfare schemes , Akhileshyadav said the Modi government has failed to fulfill its promises for Agra .
At a rally in East Midnapore yesterday , Mamatabanerjee told the gathering , largely constituting farmers , that FDI and fertiliser price hikes would ruin them and leave them landless .
Regarding scrapping criminal cases pending against the farmers for staging demonstration to press for their various demands , Siddaramaiah said he would take the decision after reviewing the cases .
Cag report found that about 25-30 lakh people who got loan waiver were not even eligible for it , Modi said at a rally at Vijaypur here .
After Shiv Sena relaunched its attack on the state government over loan waivers , chief minister Devendra Fadnavis said the demand to completely waive farm loans could not be granted immediately as it will collapse the fiscal discipline .
Citing media reports on loan waiver for farmers , Modi said in Karnakata , where the Congress-Jds coalition government is in power , only 800 farmers got mere benefits , is this a joke ?
( file ) Congress president Rahul Gandhi today said prime minister Narendra Modi 's grand MSP increase for farmers is like applying Band-Aid to a massive haemorrhage .
On the farm loan waiver issue , Rahulgandhi said , when they were in government they waived RS 70,000 crore in loan waiver and recalled the BJP MPs criticism against the same .
Modi said , the number of farmers suicides in Vidarbha alone surpasses the total number of soldiers killed in the battlefield .
Continuing with his attack on PM for making false promises , Rahul asked , Narendra Modi ne Dhai Saal Mein Kamjor , Yuva , Kisan AUR Majdoor Ke Liye kya Kiya ( in the past two-and-a-half years , what has Modi for the weaker section , youth , farmers or labourers ) ?
Though high yielding maize hybrids , coupled with increase in area under maize cultivation , holds great promise , the same is not viable for the farmers in the absence of assured procurement at MSP , said captain Amarindersingh , seeking financial support from the centre for farmers compelled to sell their maize produce at a price lower than the MSP .
Siddaramaiah said that Yeddyurappa has double standards when it comes to farmers issue .
Misuse of relief Amountearlier in the day , speaking to reporters at the RAM airport at Mandakalli in Mysuru , RAM said on Friday that there was no question of protecting any tainted persons over embezzlement of relief amount meant for farmers for land acquired from them .
Responding to a question on the police firing on farmers in Madhya Pradesh , Naidu said the problem being faced by farmers now has not been created overnight .
Talking to journalists after being stopped , Gandhi said , the Narendra Modi government and the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government are both Anti-Farmer .
When Sheikhamma BI , a farmer , told the chief minister that they were getting wages only once in 15 days , RAM told her that he would see to it that the workers get paid every week .
Often , there would be unannounced power cuts too , said R Jain , a farmer , who participated in the protest .
It said such a step would lead to a fiscal collapse and not benefit farmers .
( source : Ani/Twitter ) as the farmers protests spread closer to Bhopal on Friday , three days after five were killed in police firing in Mandsaur , Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan announced that he would begin an indefinite fast on Saturday , until peace is restored in the state .
Chief minister RAM had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes , but he has not bothered to safeguard the interest of farmers .
On crop loss , Siddaramaiah said , the state has suffered a crop loss of RS 7,000 crore in Rabi season .
Parkash Singh Badal said that the current provisions of the act were archaic and needed immediate amendments in the larger interests of the farmers .
Rahul , during an interactive session with farmers in Gannaur in Haryana , said farmers in Kutch were crying when they met him .
Union home minister Rajnathsingh on Thursday said there were reports of anti-social elements instigating the Madhya Pradesh farmers agitation , which led to the police firing that claimed five lives .
When a minister entrusted with the welfare of the farmers can not relate to their problems and is absolutely indifferent to their plight , one can well imagine which way the country is headed , Amarinder said .
In a statement , Siddaramaiah said the series of farmer suicides had deeply distressed and pained him .
( source : PTI ) a day after chief minister Devendrafadnavis said he is fine with the IPL moving out of the Drought-Affected Maharashtra , his party colleague and BCCI secretary Anurag Thakur on Saturday warned that doing so will result in a loss of RS 100 CR for the state .
Tiwari said the large number of farmers suicides are basically due to the continuous drought of past three-four years .
Farmers in the Malaprabha river basin are losing patience since the dispute has been referred to a tribunal which could take a long time to deliver its final order , Siddaramaiah said .
Siddaramaiah said that though many states are reeling under severe drought , the centre has not announced any benefit to manage the situation .
Bhopal : facing heat over farmers ' agitation , Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan today said he will sit on a fast tomorrow at the Dussehra Maidan in the state capital and hear the grievances of the cultivators .
Magisterial probe into Kudagi Firingbelgaum , July 7 , 2014 , Dhns : 1:50 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Sunday said the government has ordered a magisterial inquiry into the police firing in which two farmers sustained bullet injuries , but ruled out shelving of the thermal power plant project , which is facing opposition by farmers .
Speaking on the issue , Chavan said , farmers are not getting loan waiver or crop insurance and can not even avail crop loans .
Addressing a rally in Uttar Pradesh 's Bahraich district , Gandhi said : the BJP is , in fact , insulting the farmers in the name of the Kisan Samman Yojana , which the prime minister discusses very much , as it will give only RS 3 .
Ruing failure of Congress to provide crop insurance to the Gujarat farmers in the face of bad monsoon last year , Modi asked whether money for the crop insurance had met the same fate as 2G spectrum and coal reserves .
( file photo ) stating that her apprehensions have been proven true , Mamatabanerjee said rampant job loss has been reported from across the country with the agriculture and unorganised sectors being the worst hit .
If the company is not purchasing more land in other villages , farmers can not start an agitation and stop the project , said RAM of Ramgarh village .
800 farmer suicides in state : Cmbengaluru , Nov 19 , 2015 , Dhns : 1:00 Istchief minister RAM on Wednesday said as many as 800 farmers had committed suicide in Karnataka .
According to the Punjab police , farmers allegedly forced the closure of vegetable Mandi in Ferozpur and in Bathinda , farmers owing allegiance to Bhartiya Kisan union stopped some vehicles carrying milk .
Ca n't release water to Tamil Nadu , says Cmmysuru/Bengaluru , SEP 6 , 2015 , Dhns : 2:41 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah said on Saturday it would be difficult for the state to release Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu this month owing to severe drought in Karnataka .
Gorakhpur : chief minister Yogiadityanath said on Sunday that previous state governments ignored the development of Gorakhpur and added that the farmers , too , were affected due to neglect of sugar mills in the region .
Addressing a public rally in Valsad district of Gujarat , Gandhi also claimed that the Modi government refused to waive farmers ' loans but wrote off RS 3 .
The Bjp-Led government at the centre has been meting out Step-Motherly treatment to Punjabs farmers in a bid to undermine the Congress government in the state , said Amarindersingh , citing the centres decision to divert gunny bags to Haryana and imposition of value cut on MSP for the wheat procured under the relaxed specifications in the state during the Rabi season in 2019-20 .
Hemant said initially prime minister Narendramodi had said that his government would safeguard farmers ' land , but later tried to bring in land acquisition bill to usurp farmland .
Comparing the Pm-Kisan to the Congress ' minimum income guarantee scheme , Nyay , Gandhi said : on the other hand , the Congress has announced that it will give RS 6,000 per month to the poor households ( if voted to power ) .
Returning from his four-day visit to Israel , Fadnavis told the Indian express in Mumbai , I have urged the Peres centre for peace to help some districts in Maharashtra in tackling the agriculture crisis that leads to farmer suicides .
Reports said farmers put up barricades to prevent supply of vegetables and milk entering cities .
We apprised cm Yogi about the current situation and requested him to do alleviate the plight of our farmers who were framed , RAM said .
In an apparent reference to Congress , Smritiirani said , the Naamdaars ( Dynasts ) who ruled for 55 years , have never thought about development of Amethi and about farmers .
R RAM , 52 , a former licensed shrimp farm owner now involved in agriculture , said it is mandatory to register a shrimp farm with the coastal aquaculture authority ( CAA ) and ensure that the coastal regulation zone ( Crz ) is not violated but many farmers do not abide by the regulations , creating a threat to biodiversity by using Unrecommended chemical feeders and discharging untreated chemical effluents directly into the lake .
Former MP Tejaswini RAM said that though former chief minister s M Krishna did not take any steps to solve farmers issues , he was in the news for trying to change the chief minister .
Have faith in the son who hails Froma farmer 's family , said RAM , as he came under fire from the opposition BJP and JDS who have launched Anall out offensive against him for allegedly neglecting farmers and having visited the house of even a single victim .
Barwani / Khargone : former chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Tuesday said Kamal Nath government cheated farmers in loan waiver scheme and now it will do the same through Nyay .
Both the governments used to pay RS 400 crore each as insurance premium for Kharif and Rabi crops , but the farmers were getting compensation worth only RS 150 crore , Nitishkumar said .
Raising the issue of farmers during zero hour a day after his visit to Mandis in Punjab , Gandhi said he wanted to apprise the house of the pain and problems of the state 's farmers whose produce is lying in Mandis and is not being procured by the government .
In his address broadcast through air stations across the state , Siddaramaiah said 70 farmers had committed suicide since June which was a matter of concern and the Suddenrise had remained an enigma to the government itself .
During the debate on the agrarian crisis in assembly on Thursday , Pawar said the entire episode was serious .
( file photo ) the Congress government had failed to deliver on its promise to waive farm loans , sad president Sukhbirsinghbadal said Monday .
Interacting with farmers during Pagri Sambaal Kisaana , a programme of Jat Maha Sabha , in Faridkot , Amarindersingh said : white is unlucky for Punjab .
The SC order came a week after Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah said the state could not release the river waters when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in the Cauvery catchment areas ( in Karnataka ) .
Bhopal : Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan ( PTI photo ) Bhopal : Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan ( PTI photo ) in the wake of escalating farmers agitation , Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan has said he will sit on a fast on Saturday in order to bring about peace and that he will hear grievances of the agitated farmers , who have been protesting since June 1 demanding loan waiver and better prices for the farm produce , among other things .
Stating that the government was floundering to account the actual energy consumed and the transmission and distribution losses , Siddaramaiah said farmers continue to consume maximum power when compared to farmers of other states .
Speaking at the programme , Siddaramaiah said banks have been strictly told not to serve notices on farmers , demanding repayment of loans till the region receives a good spell of rains and yield .
Mumbai : the state has decided to stay recovery of power bills run up by farmers given their current hardships , chief minister Devendrafadnavis told the assembly on Thursday .
The centres new notification imposing restrictions on cattle trade will cause an enormous financial burden on farmers , thereby further contributing to the agrarian crisis , Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah has said in a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
It has not given funds for drinking water and fodder , which we had sought , Siddaramaiah said , adding that the state would spend any amount of money to meet the requirements of drinking water and fodder during drought .
While Modi has failed to help us , Rahul Gandhi was here to assuage our pain , said RAM , a wheat farmer at Khanna wholesale market in the northern Indian state of Punjab .
Addressing farmers in the state through all India radio from Bengaluru , Siddaramaiah said it had come to the fore that the dramatic rise in farmer suicides in the last few days was due to their exploitation by mercenary moneylenders charging high rates of interest .
Instead of waiting for the unions move to waive off farm loans , Siddaramaiah should announce the States decision .
Suicide not a Solutioncommenting on the recent string of farmer suicides in the state , RAM said that suicide is not a solution .
Terming the government as Anti-Farmer and Anti-Poor , Rahul said it does not want to acquire land in Bundelkhand or in the deserts of Rajasthan but those near big cities like Noida , Gurgaon and Pune to make money as their prices have been rising .
In his letter to Rana , sent on December 2 , Satya pal Singh , who is the BJP MP from Baghpat , said farmers are regularly taking up the issue of pending sugarcane dues and that chief minister Yogiadityanath had announced twice that their demand must be looked into .
District revenue officer ( DRO ) RAM told farmers while chairing the monthly farmers grievances meet here on Friday .
4.17Pm : the Congress president says that Modis government has not contributed a single rupee towards the farm loan waiver in Karnataka .
In response to the BJP leaders demand for the release of a white paper on the funds released by the union government , over the past 13 years 10 years of Congress-Led upa and three years of the Bjp-Led NDA governments for tackling the natural calamities like flood and drought , RAM said , let them first take steps to release the pending RS 3,300 crore , as per our demand .
During a meeting with party leaders at the party office in Guntur on Monday , Babu said the inefficiency on part of the state government in handling farmer issues led to tillers protest against the government .
He said chief minister park and deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal have announced many a times that the sad is committed to safeguard the waters of Punjab and it would go to any length , including sacrificing their own lives , for the safety and security of Punjabis in general and farmers in particular .
Tough to waive crop loans , says Siddaramaiahbengaluru , Feb 28 , 2016 , Dhns : 1:54 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah , who held a Pre-Budget meeting with farmer leaders and representatives on Saturday , said that it would be difficult for the state government to waive crop loans entirely .
Fadnavis , who was in Yavatmal district , the epicentre of farmer suicides in the state , also expressed his unhappiness over the inordinate delay in completion of work and listed out all the problems voiced by the villagers .
Punjab chief minister Parkash Parkashsinghbadals on Thursday said anyone found guilty of supplying spurious pesticides to the cotton Cultivators in the state would not be spared at any cost .
He hit out at Union minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal , accusing her of failing to protect the interest of Punjab farmers despite being a part of the centre .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes , but he has not bothered to safeguard the interest of farmers .
Congress chiefs charge that farmers did not get Narmada waters irks Cmtargeting Congress chief Sonia Gandhi once again , chief minister Modi on Friday said she had not done her homework and offered assistance in drafting her speeches .
The low water level has also impacted the agriculture operation under the command area , Siddaramaiah said .
Ap announces debt cut for Farmershyderabad , DEC 4 , 2014 , Dhns : 1:08 Istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of Andhra Pradesh , chief minister Nara Babu announced waiver of loan not exceeding RS 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013 .
The chief minister said despite repeated pleas by Punjab and other state governments , the central government has failed to come to the farming Communitys rescue .
Gundlupet government veterinary officer Dr RAM said due to drought over the past few years , the disease has spread .
He added , Pawar , who hails from Maharashtra which has recorded the highest number of farmers suicides , can not absolve himself of the responsibilities as he also happens to be the union agriculture minister .
Stating that the government was floundering to account the actual energy consumed and the transmission and distribution losses , RAM said farmers continue to consume maximum power when compared to farmers of other states .
Ca n't release water to Tamil Nadu , says Cmmysuru/Bengaluru , SEP 6 , 2015 , Dhns : 2:41 Istchief minister RAM said on Saturday it would be difficult for the state to release Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu this month owing to severe drought in Karnataka .
As infrastructural jobs reach rural India , the dependency on agriculture may come down , RAM said .
Addressing a press conference in Bengaluru , RAM said prime minister Narendra Modi had recently spoken about doubling the income of farmers by 2022 , but no measure to make it a reality was reflected in the budget .
The farmers are suffering as a result of the central governments failure to waive their debts , which many state governments , including Punjab , have repeatedly sought , he said .
Recalling Yeddyurappas tenure as chief minister , Siddaramaiah said that , when Congress leader V s Ugrappa asked Yeddyurappa , the then chief minister , to waive off farm loans in the legislative council , Yeddyurappa said that he had no note printing machine .
Who is playing with the lives of farmers when the agriculture minister says that the centre has received no request for help for farmers ?
Speaking to reporters at the Kpcc office , state Congress president g RAM said vested interests had unnecessarily created confusion on the issue of giving a cheque to family members of a farmer who committed suicide .
During a debate in the assembly on drought situation in the state on the first day of the budget session on Thursday , RAM RAM claimed that Ysr interest-free loan scheme , announced by the chief minister , was nothing new , but an old one introduced by the Kiran Kumar Reddy government and that the TDP government continued the same after 2014 .
Siddaramaiah said an All-Party delegation will soon be taken to Prime Minister Narendra Modi , urging him to come to the rescue of the farmers .
Siddaramaiah said Karnataka had urged the centre for a Drought-Relief package of RS 1,416 crore in January , but nothing had come so far .
However , as many as 14 farmers of the village ended their lives because of crop failures and debts .
Dismissing the farmers protests , Union agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singh said , to get the Medias spotlight , people are doing stunts , trying to do something unique .
( source : PTI ) Devendrafadnavis had said he is fine with IPL moving out of the drought hit Maharashtra .
Have faith in the son who hails Froma farmer 's family , said Siddaramaiah , as he came under fire from the opposition BJP and JDS who have launched Anall out offensive against him for allegedly neglecting farmers and having visited the house of even a single victim .
Noting that the Congress always supported the struggle of farmer , Siddaramaiah said that farmers in the state have been facing injustice since 1924 .
Singh : action Timenew Delhi , March 7 : prime minister Manmohansingh today asked a group of ministers to review the cotton export ban following protests by farmers and complaints from agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , who said he was kept in the dark about the decision .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah , while replying to a debate on the issue in the assembly , said the Arecanut farmers need not panic following the ban .
Saying that the PM calls Neerav Modi and Mehul Chauksey his Bhai , Gandhi told farmers to ask the PM as to how many jobs his pet industrialists have created .
When Sheikhamma BI , a farmer , told the chief minister that they were getting wages only once in 15 days , Siddaramaiah told her that he would see to it that the workers get paid every week .
Fadnavis said while the Congress-Ncp government boasted of low-interest loans to the farmers , it paid no heed to other aspects such as fertilisers , seeds , water pumps , irrigation facilities that added to the production cost and drove the farmers to land into debt traps .
If Demonetisation is beneficial for the common man , then why are the shopkeepers , farmers and labourers suffering so much , Mamatabanerjee asked the crowd present at the meeting .
Recalling how the heavy monsoons this year had ruined Arecanut crops in the coastal region , RAM said that the scientists from University of agriculture sciences must come up with innovative technologies .
Asked about farmers converging in Delhi to press their demands , Gandhi said such freedom does not exist in countries such as Russia , China or Saudi Arabia .
We will raise this topic in parliament as well , Gandhi told media after meeting with the farmers .
Fadnavis said farmer suicides could not be stopped with loan waivers .
Magisterial probe into Kudagi Firingbelgaum , July 7 , 2014 , Dhns : 1:50 Istchief minister RAM on Sunday said the government has ordered a magisterial inquiry into the police firing in which two farmers sustained bullet injuries , but ruled out shelving of the thermal power plant project , which is facing opposition by farmers .
Congress chiefs charge that farmers did not get Narmada waters irks Cmtargeting Congress chief Sonia Gandhi once again , chief minister Narendramodi on Friday said she had not done her homework and offered assistance in drafting her speeches .
They do n't have money for farmers ' loan waiver but they can waive loans of India 's 15 richest industrialists , Gandhi said .
During a meeting with party leaders at the party office in Guntur on Monday , Naidu said the inefficiency on part of the state government in handling farmer issues led to tillers protest against the government .
Modi claimed the government had made tall promises to farmers , but was now offering only lollipops .
Fadnavis announced the RS 34,022 crore loan waiver scheme for 89 lakh farmers , but could not take credit due to the Bureaucracys casual approach .
Taking a dig at Congress-Led Punjab government , Modi said , in Punjab too Congress has fooled farmers to grab power .
Madhya Pradesh farmers protest : chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said on Friday he will sit on a fast .
Rampant job loss has been reported across the country with the agriculture and unorganised sector in worst shape , Mamatabanerjee said .
Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Tuesday his government was willing to discuss the farmers issue with anyone provided they do not have a political agenda as they continued their protests even after he announced a farm loan waiver for small and marginal farmers in the state .
Although Jalpaiguri district magistrate Smaraki RAM said she would probe into the case , kin and relatives of the deceased farmer sense that the government would never accept the fact that Robin had committed suicide due to the burden of debt on him .
Party senior spokesperson C P RAM said the Modi government in three years of being in power has put the agriculture sector in the ICU as it is gripped with widespread distress and farmers are committing suicide due to Bjps Anti-Farmer policies and its callous approach .
In response to the BJP leaders demand for the release of a white paper on the funds released by the union government , over the past 13 years 10 years of Congress-Led upa and three years of the Bjp-Led NDA governments for tackling the natural calamities like flood and drought , Siddaramaiah said , let them first take steps to release the pending RS 3,300 crore , as per our demand .
Countering the allegation , Fadnavis said his government had allocated over RS 18,000 crore for farm relief , including RS 8,000 crore that were distributed last year , and the remaining that were earmarked in December , while alleging that the previous regime had spent just RS 5000 crore in 15 years .
Karnataka was not releasing water for its own farmers , as the available storage has been reserved to meet the drinking water needs of Bengaluru and other cities , RAM told the team of 20 farmers associations from Tamil Nadu , led by former Rajya Sabha MP and the leader of Dmks farmers wing , KP Ramalingam .
He said chief minister Parkashsinghbadal and deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal have announced many a times that the sad is committed to safeguard the waters of Punjab and it would go to any length , including sacrificing their own lives , for the safety and security of Punjabis in general and farmers in particular .
The cooperative banks in rural areas , where most of the farmers and daily wagers have accounts , are not permitted to exchange old currency , Babu said .
Modi said the Congress promised to waive farmers ' loans in Karnataka , but instead of doing so , issued warrants against peasants and sent them to jail .
The farmers are suffering as a result of the central governments failure to waive their debts , which many state governments , including Punjab , have repeatedly sought , he said .
Siddaramaiah said the cooperative sector that is so critical in servicing the farmers and the rural folk virtually came to stand still because of Demonetisation .
Us Sey Unka Bhi Fayeda Hoga ( it is a political advice for Arun Jaitley for his own good ) , Rahul said adding that such a budget would help farmers knows how much government has set aside for flood , drought , or to assist him with grains , vegetables .
Opposition leader RAM RAM said the cabinet should take a decision on it without passing the ball to the Kerala state farmers debt relief commission .
State finance minister Sudhir Mungantiwar on Wednesday said the revenue deficit of over RS . 15,000 crore in the 2018-19 Maharashtra budget is a result of the farm loan waiver scheme and other expenditure in the agriculture sector .
Congress chief Gandhi had said that giving farmers RS 17 a day was an insult to all that they stood for .
Captain Amarindersingh , who was part of the Congress delegation led by Partys national vice president Rahul Gandhi , said farmers , burdened with loans , were committing suicide in Punjab and other parts of the country .
In the past three years , Bill recoveries had been stayed on account of the drought and other crises faced by the farm sector , Fadnavis said .
Crippled with debts , farmers could not repay the crop loans this season owing to crop failure and are apprehensive that they would not get fresh loans in the ensuing Kharif season .
Fadnavis said the state has been facing drought for four consecutive years .
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh says that 70 per cent farmers are not required , and should be moved out of agriculture .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah who was in a hurry to return to the state capital to chair an all party meeting , said the government decided to keep the festivities low key as the state is battling continuous droughts .
A CAG report found that about 25-30 lakh people who got loan waiver were not even eligible for it , Modi said at a rally at Vijaypur in Jammu .
Modi asked Hollande to forget the RS 526 crore deal and instead take RS 1,600 crore and give the contract to Anil Ambani Modi put RS 30,000 crore in Anil Ambanis pocket and just RS 17 for farmers families in India .
The cm demanded Radha Mohan Singhs resignation saying that he did not connect with the farmers woes .
File Picturenew Delhi : Union agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singh on Saturday termed the Two-Day-Old farmer agitation a publicity stunt , prompting accusations of insensitivity and of insulting the farmers .
Urging people to shout his oft-repeated slogan against Modi and raising farmers issue during the address , Gandhi claimed that the PM had duped farmers and looted people of India to give RS 30,000 crore to Anil Ambani .
Maharashtra chief minister Prithvirajchavan today said suspended work of the contentious closed water pipeline project at Maval , which led to a violent protest recently , would not be Recommenced till the misgivings of the affected farmers were removed .
Help promised to Farmersaddressing the gathering on the occasion , RAM said the government was celebrating the occasion with a heavy heart in the wake of the farmers suicides in the state .
When asked about Union agriculture Minsiter Radha Mohan Singh 's controversial statement that love affairs were a cause for farmers ' suicide , RAM said it was being misinterpreted .
Magisterial probe into farmer suicide Orderedbelgaum , Nov 28 , 2013 , Dhns : 2:42 Istchief minister RAM on Thursday announced a magisterial probe into the death of sugarcane grower Vithal Bheemappa Arabhavi amid opposition allegation that the state government was responsible for the farmers suicide and the demand for his resignation .
Recalling how the heavy monsoons this year had ruined Arecanut crops in the coastal region , Siddaramaiah said that the scientists from University of agriculture sciences must come up with innovative technologies .
On reports that potato farmers were throwing their produce on roads in the state capital , Yogiadityanath said , it ( the reports ) was an effort to give a message that government was not concerned about the potato growers , while this is the first government which has declared minimum support price for potato .
Asked whether farmers would had to give up hopes of cultivation in the given situation in most parts of the state , park said , rainy season is like gambling .
Making a statement in the assembly later in the day , RAM said : it is not possible to release Tamil Nadus share according to the final award as our farmers very much need water during this four-month period .
In the past three years , Bill recoveries had been stayed on account of the drought and other crises faced by the farm sector , Fadnavis said .
800 farmer suicides in state : Cmbengaluru , Nov 19 , 2015 , Dhns : 1:00 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Wednesday said as many as 800 farmers had committed suicide in Karnataka .
The decision is to facilitate farmers who have not been able to file online applications for various reasons .
Bengaluru : , SEP 12 , 2015 , Dhns : 1:27 Istkarnataka has sought an additional RS 800 crore from the centre under the national and state disaster response Fundndrf and Sdrfas the drought situation has worsened , said chief minister RAM on Friday .
In Gujarat alone , it cost the farmers financial loss up to RS 7,000 crore .
The condition of farmers and agriculture at present is a result of decades of neglect by those ( previous governments ) who believed in shortcuts and treated the peasants as mere vote bank , Modi said .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has deceived the farmers by making false promises .
Criticising the diesel price hike , chief minister Modi on Thursday said it would affect farmers the most .
Agriculture Minister tota Singh said : We have been maintaining records of all suicides on our own since 2011 , so there is no need for a fresh survey .
Holding private money lenders responsible for most instances of farmer suicides in the region , Siddaramaiah said Stern action will be taken against them .
The Pmfby has expanded the insurance cover to crop loss due to hailstorm , land slide and inundation of farms , Modi said adding the scheme would also extend to Post-Harvest losses due to cyclonic and unseasonal rains .
After this they forget Panth , Punjab and all issues , including those of the farmers and return empty handed , Jakhar alleged .
Regarding scrapping criminal cases pending against the farmers for staging demonstration to press for their various demands , RAM said he would take the decision after reviewing the cases .
In an indirect but obvious reference to Nehru , Modi said the leader who wore a rose knew about gardens but not farmers or farming .
Congress MLA Sadanand Singh said the BJP has been ridiculing the distressed farmers instead of solving their problems .
We could work as Coolies but this year there is no work due to the drought , says B RAM , a farmer from Kambaladinne in Pedda Kadubur Mandal .
On crop loss , RAM said , the state has suffered a crop loss of RS 7,000 crore in Rabi season .
By Ptileh : attacking the Congress over its promise of farm loan waiver , Prime Minister Modi said on Sunday that the party uses the measure only to win elections .
Speaking at an interaction with farmers , elected representatives of the two districts and officers here on Sunday , RAM said farmers should exercise restraint in use of water resources as any irrigation project aimed at permanent solution would require five to 10 years for implementation .
Again , in response to Shekhars query on why the government does not waive off loans for farmers as it has done for corporate houses , Arunjaitley said the government has not waived off loans to corporate houses .
It will do nothing for poor farmers , he added .
Siddaramaiah said that due to adverse climactic effects , including scanty rain , several parts of the state are constantly facing Drought-Like situation .
Responding to a question , Manoharlalkhattar said those who are stopping farmers from bringing their produce to markets and forcing them to throw them on roads , would be sternly dealt with .
This apathy is hitting farmers hard , said Tiwari .
The prices of the cattle have also shot up , said Nagar , a farmer from Devanahalli Taluk .
When Modijis government came , farmers were promised full help , but across the country farmers are committing suicide , Gandhi said .
After the hailstorm and heavy rains , farmers of northern India are in distress .
Calling the new rules as unconstitutional , RAM said that when the cattle grow old and become unproductive for farmers , the new rules prevent farmers from selling them .
Jai park said the farmers , already reeling from the lower price , feel cheated by the government for not offering adequate compensation for the land .
Taking dig at the functioning of Congress governments , Modi said when five chickens were loaned to farmers , their meat was eaten by the officials .
While RAM told reporters that the memorandum submitted by the state , asking for a financial assistance of RS 11,492 crore , has little to do with drought and more to do with structural programmes , Pawar said that Karnataka stood at a far comfortable position than what has been projected by Shettar .
Launching a tirade against the Bjp-Led National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) government , Siddaramaiah said : Modi government is Anti-Farmer and it is evident with the changes brought to the act , only to benefit the corporates .
At a review meeting held this week with district collectors to assess the drought situation , chief minister Devendrafadnavis told the local administration , while the efforts that have helped reduce farmer suicides are laudable , we still have a formidable task ahead .
Mr Modi said that his government stand by farmers and Jawans of the country and blamed Congress government for always Befooling them and never thinking about their welfare .
Responding to a question of BJP MLA Achchudanand during the question hour , Nitishkumar said : the Credit-Deposit ratio has increased to 40 per cent but banks do not generally give loans to farmers , students and other priority sectors .
Referring to the PM Fasal BIMA Yojna introduced for the benefit of people , Modi said though Bjp-Ruled states like Chhattisgarh and Haryana have made 50 per cent achievement , only 14 per cent farmers got it in up .
Read| if elected , Congress will waive off loans of Chhattisgarh farmers : Rahul Gandhiaccusing Singh of indulging in corruption , Gandhi claimed that RS 5,000 crore had vanished in the chit fund scam .
Yeddyurappa said BJP would stand by the people and expose the corruption ( file ) opposition BJP on Monday regretted that Karnataka governor Vajubhai Vala 's address to the joint session of the legislature was mum on the farm loan waiver by the Jd-S-Congress coalition government .
Skeptical about up farm loan Waiveron the Uttar Pradesh government waiving farm loans , benefiting 86 lakh farmers , RAM said he does not know if the centre had chipped in .
The changes in land act is aimed at ensuring faster processing without compromising on compensation or reclamation and rehabilitation ( R & R ) measures to farmers , Prime Minister Narendramodi said .
Bhopal : as Western Madhya Pradesh reels under violent protest by farmers over loan waiver and better price for their produce , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan today said the state government was open for a dialogue to iron out the differences and once again appealed them to maintain peace .
Siddaramaiah , however , said that he would try his best to incorporate some of the demands of the farmers in the budget this year .
By Ianspalamau : in an obvious attack on the Congress , Prime Minister Modi on Saturday said that he preferred to complete the pending irrigation projects to empower farmers instead of waiving their loans .
Though the house has already discussed the issue of unseasonal rains and hailstorm destroying standing crops , the government was ready to have another debate on the plight of the farmers , Naidu said .
Nagaon deputy commissioner Babu said the initial Drought-Like situation pushed the administration to move Dispur for timely initiative to safeguard the interest farmers and the government pledged to do so .
Nagaon deputy commissioner P. Ashok RAM said the initial Drought-Like situation pushed the administration to move Dispur for timely initiative to safeguard the interest farmers and the government pledged to do so .
Chairing a district-level drought review meeting here on Tuesday , Siddaramaiah asked the officials to work on a war footing to ensure proper drinking water supply , availability of fodder , increased number of man days under Mgnreg scheme and proper healthcare in affected areas .
Pointing out that Karnataka was witnessing one of its worst droughts in the last 46 years , RAM said the state government had sought RS 4,702 crore from the centre for drought relief works .
Prime Minister Modi says that farmers are getting irrigation and electricity facilities , but they are getting power for only four to six hours that too when they go to sleep .
Fadnavis said that ahead of the Rabi season the government wants maximum farmers from drought hit regions to avail of fresh loans .
Siddaramaiah said the centre has been asked to release RS 4,500 crore to state under national disaster relief fund as 139 Taluks are reeling under drought .
At a workshop for party MPs , Modi asked them to flag the contrast between the Pro-Poor measures taken by the upa and his government , giving an overview of various initiatives and bold decisions taken by the Bjp-Led Coalition for the welfare of the poor and farmers since it came to power at the centre last year .
But he ( Hooda ) did not do anything during his time and kept pretending to be a leader of the farmers , Manoharlalkhattar said , adding his government has worked for the farmers during the last three-and-a-half years .
Speaking on the occasion , agriculture minister RAM said facilities like agriculture universities were meant to give an impetus to the farming sector , which was not happening on the ground .
Observing that there was no difference between the centre and states on paying enhanced compensation , Modi said , political considerations should not come in the way of a solution that would facilitate development of rural areas , and greater prosperity for farmers .
Congress vice-president Rahulgandhi said on Wednesday the Uttar Pradesh governments decision to waive off crop loans of up to RS 1 lakh of small and marginal farmers in the state is a partial relief but a step in the right direction .
17 am : on drought , Modi said : few days back we were worrying about drought situation , now where on one side we hear about monsoon , on other side , we hear about floods .
Also read | Mann Ki Baat : Here are the highlights from PM Modis Addresstalking about the floods that have hit some parts of the country , Modi said , sometime back , we were concerned about drought but now we are enjoying the rains and there are reports about floods .
We are not like the Congress which will only pay lip-service to farmers but ignore their well-being whenever Congress is in power , farmers suffer , Modi said .
Despite recurring droughts and a severe water crisis in Marathwada and Vidarbha , Maharashtra remained a most favoured destination for investors , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Wednesday while launching mission drinking water .
Although chief minister RAM claimed that the government has already distributed nearly RS 4,100 crore as relief to farmers who lost their crop , it 's been a case of so near , yet so far .
By Ptinew Delhi : Niti Aayog vice chairman Rajivkumar today said imposition of tax on agriculture income has always been considered by 'Successive governments ' , even as he cautioned that any such move should be taken once the sector is productive and attached to modern scientific methods .
Prime Minister Narendramodi says that farmers are getting irrigation and electricity facilities , but they are getting power for only four to six hours that too when they go to sleep .
) seeking to woo the farmers , who are angry for not getting remunerative price for their produce , Modi said the Congress model of development was hand pumps while the BJP built pipelines so huge that Congress leaders can drive their Maruti cars through them .
But even as Mamatabanerjee announced Wednesday , from the mammoth stage set up for the first Singur Utsav that she was against land acquisition and will never allow forcible acquisition in Bengal ever again , even as she vowed to protect farmers and their lands , in the same breath she said that her government will push for industrial investment in the state .
To a question on why he has not heeded to oppositions demand for loan waiver to farmers , Fadnavis said loan waiver was a good option , but it was not the only one .
Accusing the previous Congress regimes of Gujarat of creating polity of the love of chair , chief minister Modi today said unlike them , his government was working for farmers welfare .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah said : while the Kvks have effectively implemented our policies , more capacity building for farmers needs to be done .
Admitting that there was a strain on the Exchequer due to loan waiver and other expenditure , the CM said even GDP was growing at same time due to massive push to the infrastructural development .
At a Post-Budget press conference here , Mamatabanerjee also said the key exercise was more focussed on the agriculture sector while the recently concluded Bengal global business summit was directed at the industry .
Sawant disclosed that while the CM had announced that 89 lakh farmers will benefit under the waiver scheme , after the cumbersome procedure introduced by the information technology department , only 77 lakh were able to submit on-line applications .
Terming the 2013 land Bill brought by upa as one that was against rural areas and farmers , Arunjaitley said the 2015 Bill sought to remove its shortcomings .
The SC order came a week after Karnataka chief minister RAM said the state could not release the river waters when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in the Cauvery catchment areas ( in Karnataka ) .
After a series of protests in Maharashtra last year over the low procurement price of milk , chief minister Devendrafadnavis had announced a subsidy of RS 5 per litre for dairy farmers .
In its state budget on July 5 , Janata DAL ( secular ) -Congress coalition government had announced a loan waiver of RS 34,000 crore , which jumped to RS 40,000 crore after the state last week decided to waive all crop loans of RS 1 lakh in cooperative banks availed till July 10 , 2018 .
I know it is a difficult task , but I have taken it as a challenge because we cant keep on watching our farmers kill themselves without doing anything , Amarindersingh said , adding , it is a tragedy that those who fed the whole nation are being left to die in debt and we need to do something .
Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis , however , did announce a relief package of RS 10,512 crore for Drought-Hit farmers , a move the opposition termed a cruel joke the state had played on farmers .
Ipr attorney P Gandhi , who has obtained the maximum number of GI tags in the country , said Seeraga samba rice could be cultivated throughout the year in the paddy growing tracks of the state since the grains could withstand intermittent drought even at its critical stages of growth .
We managed to stop it from spreading to Paliem , said Cashew farmer RAM however , farmers are not sure about the Arambol site , where the fire was still raging .
12:34Pm : Rahulgandhi said to be heading towards Mandsaur on a Kutcha route through Villages12:24Pm : administration and police flustered at Rahulgandhi Move12:23Pm : Congress workers present in huge numbers at Nimbaheda to greet and welcome Rahul Gandhi12:21Pm : Nimbaheda is about 12 kilometres ahead of Neemuch , one of the many centres of Violence12:20Pm : Congress using farmers protest as a photo-op , says Venkaiah Naidu , dismisses demands for MP CMS Resignation12:16Pm : special protection group accompanying Congress V-P confirms Rahulgandhi is trying to enter Mandsaur district via Nimbaheda .
Sagar Kulkarni , Feb 3 , 2017 , Dhns 8:48 Istdateline : New Delhidays after Prime Minister Modi announced scrapping of high value currency notes , agriculture ministry officials were eagerly awaiting the details about sowing for Rabi crops across the country .
In a statement issued here , Akali MPs Sukhdev Singh Dhindsa and Balwinder Singh Bhunder from the Rajya Sabha and Prem Singh Chandumajra from the Lok Sabha said Ekta , Ugrahan and few other factions of the Bharti Kisan Union ( Bku ) were trying to sow seeds of discontent in the peasantry .
Smaller plots are more expensive to cultivate and small farmers have higher consumption patterns , according to economists .
In 2013 , more than 3,000 farmers in the state ended their lives , according to records , but people in the know claim the Ncrb does not reflect ground realities .
To boost bamboo cultivation and sustainable supply , the forest development corporation of Maharashtra ( Fdcm ) is also planning to take up tissue culture bamboo plantation on turnkey or sharing basis with private partners for supplying biomass of bamboo for industrial uses like production of ethanol , bio CNG Etcwe are even ready to help as service providers to interested farmers and parties with minimum 25 acres of commercial plantation project , said N Babu , managing director of Fdcm .
But India has major potential but its hard-working farmers are driven to commit suicides .
The cause for concern is not only the high suicide rate but the entire agrarian crisis .
The situation in Maharashtra is grave and we need help to deal with the rising number of farmer suicide cases in the Drought-Prone areas of Maharashtra , especially Yavatmal and Osmanabad , Fadnavis told Peres , citing the successful agriculture projects that have been undertaken in Israel .
Drip irrigation becomes critical during drought situations , because with one large tank of water , we can add the required fertilizer and water almost five acres for four days , said a RAM , a chilly farm ER in Madukkarai .
After Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath announced to fulfil the poll promise of crop loan waivers , farmers all across the country began demanding the same .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis on Wednesday announced a special package of Rs10,512 crore for Drought-Hit farmers in Maharashtra , but rejected the oppositions demand to announce a loan waiver .
Modi , who was giving details of the Pradhan Mantri Fasal BIMA Yojana , an crop insurance scheme in light of 1,000 farmer suicides in Karnataka in the past one year , said River-Linking would save the country and help overcome water scarcity .
Mr Fadnavis said while he was not opposed to the idea of a complete loan waiver , it was a decision that had to be taken at an appropriate time .
As the centre is yet to take a stand of Bhavantar , we have decided that garlic and onion will continue to be included but farmers will have to sell gram , lentil and mustard at MSP , which the government will ensure , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan told reporters at a Hurriedly-Called press conference on Friday evening .
Chief minister RAM said : while the Kvks have effectively implemented our policies , more capacity building for farmers needs to be done .
As for bailing out Sericulture farmers hit by price crash , Pranabmukherjee told the delegation that as he has to take care of everybody in the sector including weavers , consumers and farmers , the centre would take suitable decision soon .
