New Delhi , June 11 : prime minister Modi today said improving agriculture productivity through modern farm techniques and University-Farmer collaboration held the key to check price rise .
Beyond that as the central government , I have nothing to say , Arunjaitley told reporters when asked if the centre will intervene on the issue of farm loan waivers and related protests .
On a days visit to Odisha to participate in Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas ( SSSV ) Sammelan and other programmes organised by BJP to celebrate completion of three years by Narendra Modi government at the centre , Naidu said waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual state .
Methods like per drop , more crop of irrigation are vital and have helped farmers immensely , Modi said .
( source : express photo by Rana Simranjit Singh ) Punjab chief minister park on Saturday said people need to understand that the state government does have its limitations when dealing with certain issues , particularly those related to farmers .
Government ready to include Ragi , Jowar under Pdsbangalore , July 10 , 2013 , Dhns : 1:52 Istthe state government is ready to include Ragi and Jowar under the public distribution system ( PDS ) if farmers are willing to grow more of these crops and sell them to it , chief minister Siddaramaiah said on Wednesday .
Farmers belonging to schedule castes , schedule tribes will continue to get reservations in accordance with constitutional provisions .
He said while Punjab was giving waiver of RS 2 lakh , the Maharashtra government had announced loan waiver of RS 1.5 lakh , Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh RS 1 lakh each whereas Rajasthan and Karnataka government had announce waiver of RS 50,000 each .
On a day 's visit to participate in the Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas ( SSSV ) Sammelan and other programmes organised by the BJP to mark three years of the Narendra Modi government at the centre , RAM said the waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual states .
While enlisting the measures taken by his government for the welfare of the farmers , a combative Modi told the gathering , you would have seen in the recent past , there is attack on me all the time .
Replying to a query on union agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singhs statement that love affairs were the cause of farmer suicides , Naidu said , I have gone through the statement .
We have to understand the problems farmers are facing , said Modi .
Ahead of the summit , Prime Minister Modi has said that India 's areas of focus in Africa will continue to be human resource development , institution building , infrastructure , clean energy , agriculture , health , education and skill development .
Speaking after laying the foundation stone for the helicopter manufacturing facility of the Hindustan aeronautics limited at Bidarehalla Kaval in Gubbi Taluk of Tumakuru district on Sunday , Modi said that the country had achieved self-sufficiency in food production due to hard work of farmers and it was now time to become self sufficient in meeting defence needs .
Successive crop failure and expenditure on health , marriages and other social ceremonies are major reasons for indebtedness of farmers in the country , agriculture minister Radhamohansingh said during question hour .
New Delhi : vice-president Naidu expressed his happiness at 15 farmers being recognised with Padma awards announced on the eve of republic day saluting the efforts of these farmers in a series of tweets on Saturday , Naidu said , extremely delighted and happy that for the first time in India , 15 outstanding individuals who have done exceptional work in the field of agriculture and allied services are recognised , respected and honoured with Padma awards .
Union minister Mukhtarabbasnaqvi told reporters that the MPs were very enthusiastic about the budget as it will empower villages , farmers and youth .
Delivering the 38th edition of his 'Mann Ki Baat ' , Prime Minister Modi said , can our farmers take a pledge to bring down urea use by half by 2022 ?
Expressing the need to strengthen agriculture , Modi said India was fast losing its identity as an agricultural nation .
At a meeting held with senior bureaucrats , Fadnavis said Maharashtra would have to rise to the challenge posed by natural calamity , that has adversely hit 90 lakh farmers .
For economic development of the contry , there should be three pillars agriculture , industry and service sector , Modi said .
Our special Correspondentpatna : deputy chief minister Modi on Friday said Bihar was bound to script a revolution in the agriculture sector .
Whatever time is left , Modiji talks about himself , as he has run out of the issues to talk about , said Gandhi , asking the PM to devote two minutes for farmers and people of Gujarat .
Chief minister Mamatabanerjee announced this on Tuesday while speaking at a programme in Kolkata , which was organised to Felicitate farmers for their contribution in agriculture .
Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Thursday said the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) was prepared for mid-term polls in the state , remarks that come as both friends and foes have sought to corner his government on the issue of Farm-Loan waiver .
I myself being a son of a farmer , I Empathise with you , Siddaramaiah said , while appealing to them not to allow their mind to be Weakenedby distress .
We should have sustainable agricultural production and work towards removing regional imbalances , said Modi .
Lucknow : chief minister Yogiadityanath on Monday announced that the Uttar Pradesh government would not impose any new tax on public in the ongoing financial year , despite financial burden of farmer loan waiver and plan to expedite other infrastructure projects .
( source : Ani ) Mandsaur farmers protest : Union minister Naidu said that Madhya Pradesh is an island of calm , while urging Congress to not Politicise the issue .
It is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods , RAM said .
Replying to queries from the media on Tuesday as to whether the governor had rejected the governments recommendation , chief minister Siddaramaiah in Kolar said , I have not seen the letter sent by the governors office as I was in Ballari to monitor drought relief work on Monday .
We told farmers what we could do in five years and we did it , Naidu said and sat back , while the chief minister was found laughing at the reaction of the former .
Instead of joining the journey of the States development , they continue to spread lies , Modi said while addressing farmers at the launch of 9th Krishi Mahotsav 2013 in Radhanpur , Patan district .
Underlining the vision of doubling the income of farmers by 2022 , the 75th independence of the country , Modi said , from this land of Uttar Pradesh , I urge all the states to give priority to agriculture and then see the changes .
Siddaramaiah said , agriculture , industry and service sectors are the major contributors to the GDP .
The cultivation of vegetables has now become an attractive work , said park , who also cultivates flowers in small beds on his agriculture land and had also received a district-level award in 2013-14 for the same .
Praising the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) government under Raman Singh in the state , Modi said it had ensured soil health cards for 75 lakh farmers , adding in a sarcastic vein that the Congress had failed to provide health cards to humans .
Central team to be sent to Karnataka to assess drought : Pmnew Delhi , Aug 24 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 19:18 Ista central team is being sent to Karnataka soon to assess the drought situation there , Prime Minister Narendramodi told an All-Party delegation from the state led by chief minister Siddaramaiah which raised the matter along with a number of other issues .
Stating that five teams of BJP leaders are visiting Drought-Hit Taluks to assess the ground reality , Kumarravi said that a report would be submitted to the union government on prevailing condition in the state .
On Tuesday , chief minister RAM had said he had not seen the file sent by the governors office as he was in Ballari to monitor drought relief work .
Taking note of the escalating violence , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan announced that he would observe an indefinite fast at the Bhel Dussehra Maidan in Bhopal from 11 am on Saturday to bring farmer leaders to the table for peaceful negotiations .
By Iansjaipur : the time has come to usher in another green revolution and the Congress will do it if comes to power after the Lok Sabha polls , Congress president Gandhi said at a farmers ' outreach here on Wednesday .
However , a complete loan waiver in Maharashtra would require RS 24,000 crore , sources indicated .
We told farmers what we could do in five years and we did it , RAM said and sat back , while the chief minister was found laughing at the reaction of the former .
2.48Pm : the food we eat is all due to the efforts of our farmers and their families , not rich businessmen .
On the moves to amend the land acquisition act passed in 2013 during the upa rule , Modi again said rumours were being circulated that compensation to farmers is being reduced .
The country has about 12-14 crore farmers .
No Objectionearlier , agriculture minister RAM said his department had no objection to the proposal to supply Ragi and Jowar through the PDS .
He also spoke about the special task force constituted by the union ministry of finance to directly link subsidies on LPG , kerosene and fertilizers with Aadhaar number holders .
Our special Correspondentpatna : deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi on Friday said Bihar was bound to script a revolution in the agriculture sector .
In your idea , money does not grow on trees , but in our idea money is grown by farmers in their fields , Modi said .
Gandhi said no one could silence the voice of farmers .
Following this , Devendrafadnavis has asked the finance secretary of the state to study the up model on the basis of which loan waiver was declared .
( express archive ) skill development training can promote economically self-reliant entrepreneurs and beat unemployment through job creation in diverse sectors , including agriculture and industries , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Friday interacting with ITI students .
This is my assurance to you ( farmers ) , Amarindersingh said .
Drought management was a challenge that my government faced with .
Modi , then the Bjps PM face , had held discussions at Dabhadi with farmers at Chai PE Charcha , an interactive event that was part of the Bjps campaign .
It will create new job opportunities , help economic growth and support the farmers income generation , Modi said .
The Dasara fest is special this year as it is being held after rain gods blessed the state with bountiful rains during the monsoon to ensure a bumper harvest to farmers and prosperity to the 60 million people of Karnataka , RAM told reporters on the occasion .
Pti file Photoa day after data showed Indias key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing , finance minister Arunjaitley on Tuesday said Demonetisation did not see a 2 dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended .
Addressing 2,279 SMS at a workshop on agriculture expansion and rebirth for them , Nitishkumar said the state was continuously experiencing climate changes .
To make Karnataka a beacon of hope for farmers all across India , he said .
He ( Badal ) is the living legend who stood up and fought for the interests of farmers throughout his life , Modi said .
The farmers main demand was rights over forest land , and Fadnavis told them the issue would be resolved within six months .
Stating that he was himself a son of a farmer , RAM said his government would make farmer welfare its priority .
( source : Ani/Twitter ) Madhya Pradesh farmers protest : chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said on Friday he will sit on a fast .
The animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders , Arunjaitley said at a press conference , adding , this is the only effect of the notification .
Watch what else is making Newsinitiatives in the field of health , skill development , infrastructure and agriculture were undertaken in these five villages , Manoharlalkhattar said .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced the PM crop insurance scheme , the Pradhan Mantri Fasal BIMA Yojana , in 2015 .
Notwithstanding the causes that lead to such incidents , my government is determined to make farmers self-reliant through drastic policy changes in coming years .
Taking a strong exception to the cheap political gimmicks of the opposition , Manoharlalkhattar said that the opposition earlier criticised me for not meeting the prime minister on the vital issues of the Syl canal , GST and the issues of farmers .
When asked if the state government would convene a special session to discuss the drought situation , Siddaramaiah said the subject was discussed at length during the earlier legislature session .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah said that he has directed the cops to release farmers .
There are 25,000 villages , out of the total 40,000 villages in Maharashtra , which are drought hit .
Though the house has already discussed the issue of unseasonal rains and hailstorm destroying standing crops , the government was ready to have another debate on the plight of the farmers , RAM said .
In Mandya alone , authorities have registered more than fifty cases , and have seized about 1,000 documents , said Siddaramaiah , who is on a visit to Mandya and Mysore districts to comfort families of farmers who have committed suicide .
Reviewing the situation , chief minister Naveenpatnaik asked the agriculture and allied departments to prepare a contingency plan and get prepared for any eventuality .
( PTI file photo , file ) Madhya Pradesh farmers protest : Union minister Naidu told the Congress not to Politicise the issue .
As per the constitutional allocation of powers , the central government has no jurisdiction to impose tax on agricultural income , Arunjaitley said in a statement .
Prime Minister Modi had recently said the new Uttar Pradesh government would take a decision on a loan waiver scheme for farmers of the state .
Briefing reporters after holding a meeting to review the drought and flood situation in the state , RAM said the food grain target for the 2014-15 was 135 lakh tonnes , but the actual production could be somewhere around 125 lakh tonnes .
The animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders , Arunjaitley said , adding that this is the only effect of the notification .
On his way to Haveri , Siddaramaiah told Mediapersons at the airport here on Thursday that only 20 per cent of farmers have borrowed from cooperative sector , while 80 per cent of loans are from the nationalised banks .
Agriculture and policy expert Devinder RAM said that difficulty in getting claims and a lower amount of claims made in many cases are some of the main reasons behind the reduction in the number of beneficiaries .
Agriculture joint director g RAM said that paddy crops in 600 hectares had been inundated in the Ichchapruam region including Kaviti and Kanchili Mandals .
Us Sey Unka Bhi Fayeda Hoga ( it is a political advice for Arun Jaitley for his own good ) , Rahul said adding that such a budget would help farmers knows how much government has set aside for flood , drought , or to assist him with grains , vegetables .
Congmen to tour Drought-Hit areas on Sept 3Bangalore : , Aug 27 , 2012 , Dhns : 23:52 Istcongress leaders will tour Drought-Hit regions in the state between September 3 and 10 to assess the situation , said Karnataka Pradesh Congress committee ( Kpcc ) president g RAM on Monday .
About the steps taken by government to protect farmers like setting up of enforcement cells at district level to keep a check on private money lenders and repayment of dues to sugarcane farmers , Siddaramaiah said government is planning to constitute an expert committee .
Continuing his drive to directly connect with the beneficiaries of his governments pet schemes , Prime Minister Modi today said he will on June 20 speak to farmers on issues concerning them and the agriculture sector .
Commenting on the stalemate in parliament , finance minister Arunjaitley said yesterday that there were many issues like floods and agricultural issues which Rajya Sabha members wanted to raise .
Compensation to farmers after joint survey report : Cmapril 18 , 2015 , Gangavati ( Koppal Dist ) , Dhns 2:32 Istcompensation to farmers for the crops they have lost to unseasonal rain in five districts of the Hyderabad-Karnataka region would be given once officials of agriculture and revenue departments conduct a joint survey and submit a detailed report , chief minister Siddaramaiah said on Friday .
20Pm : Modi says that the five aspects of Congress rule are dynasty politics , corruption , rampant lawlessness , agrarian distress and division of society .
In a letter to the PM , Amarindersingh said the total farm debt in Punjab is more than RS 80,000 crore , including the crop loans of RS 12,500 in the cooperative sector .
To send a message to farmers , who are in the habit of raising loans , RAM said , barring my father , who had obtained loan once from a Pld bank , nobody in our undivided family has availed loans .
In a letter to union environment minister Jairam Ramesh , Nitishkumar said : the social acceptability of BT crops in the farming community continues to be an issue .
Apcthe proposed agriculture price Commission ( APC ) was before the cabinet subcommittee , RAM said .
Yavatmal reports the highest number of farmer suicides in the country .
Recently , chief minister Devendrafadnavis had told the state assembly that at least 86 hectare of land and 82 lakh farmers in 151 Talukas and 20 revenue circles were affected by drought this year , which means at least 60 per cent of farmers have been hit by drought .
If rains continue for the next few hours , our fields will be submerged completely , said R Naidu , a farmer from ln PETA Mandal .
Central teams will be visiting the drought hit areas on November 7 and 8 , Siddaramaiah said .
No cabinet rejig before drought review : Cmmysuru : April 23 , 2016 , Dhns : 1:43 Istchief minister RAM has said that the cabinet would be reshuffled only after the review of drought situation in the state .
About 33 lakh farmers have obtained farm loans worth RS 42,000Cr from nationalised banks and 23 lakh farmers have drawn loans worth Rs10,500Cr through co-operative banks in the state , RAM said .
Badal said that the massive hike in the cost of agricultural inputs coupled with the Non-Remunerative MSP has broken the backbone of the farmers due to which there was dire need for adopting crop diversification in state .
Fadnavis said , even if a single farmer is driven to end his life it is extremely painful and not acceptable in a state like Maharashtra .
Swaraj Abhiyan copying our Moveson being asked whether Yogendra Yadav-Led Swaraj Abhiyan has stolen the March over AAP by planning to file a petition in the Supreme Court regarding farmer suicide in the region , Sucha Singh said certain political parties were merely following their steps in order to address the suicide issue .
Instead of waiting for the unions move to waive off farm loans , RAM should announce the States decision .
Cm Devendrafadnavis , unfazed by the criticism , said depletion of groundwater level is bound to happen in a year when the state was staring at a drought .
Read | not going back to ballot paper : chief election Commissionerraking up the Rafale deal which he alleges to be the India 's biggest defence scam , Gandhi also said that agrarian crisis , unemployment and the attacks on democratic institutions along with Modi 's corruption in the jets deal will be the core issues in the upcoming Lok Sabha polls .
This is my assurance to you ( farmers ) , Amarinder said .
B M Mallikarjuna Babu , assistant director of the horticulture department , said farmers should mix 2 mL of Quinolphos to one litre of water , before sprinkling the mixture to the trees .
Farmers will be able to sell their produce directly to factories .
With over 100 farmers committing suicide in Karnataka for the past one month due to agriculture-related crises , we want to know what steps the Congress-Ruled state has taken to mitigate the problem , RAM told Deccan Herald .
Talking to toi from Yavatmal after a crop review meeting , Tiwari said PSU banks have reached barely 7 % of their crop loan target in the district .
Confirming the date of the meeting , chief secretary Nagar also said that other proposals besides the loan waiver will be finalised on Monday .
When asked about the Bjps stand on Mahadayi and the farmers protests against his party on the issue , Mr. Shah said : if the BJP assumes power after the assembly polls , the new government will find a workable solution .
According to the Department of agriculture , the state has registered 600 cases of farmer suicides between January and April 2014 .
Later , at a party event at which former Vice-Chancellor of the University of agricultural sciences , Dr R Dwarkeenath , was feted , Siddaramaiah said he and Modi were poles apart .
Siddaramaiah said previously 100 or 200 farmers would commit suicide a year and 48 such incidents were reported during 2014-15 but the incidence saw a rise since June .
Chief minister RAM reportedly said on Wednesday that the farmer had died due to excessive consumption of liquor and that his government was not responsible for the farmers death .
Talking about the condition of agriculture in Punjab , he said the traditional crops were not beneficial because the input cost was higher than output .
The low water level has also impacted the agriculture operation under the command area , RAM said .
The loan waiver will affect government-owned and cooperative banks .
On his way to Haveri , RAM told Mediapersons at the airport here on Thursday that only 20 per cent of farmers have borrowed from cooperative sector , while 80 per cent of loans are from the nationalised banks .
K RAM RAM , deputy station manager , Tuggali railway station , says , out of 400 to 500 passengers who leave this station every day , 200 to 300 are farmers and Coolies migrating for work .
No differences between Cong , JD ( s ) : DY Cmtaking a cue from Kerala , the CM said he would ask small and marginal farmers to submit documents related to their debts to the deputy commissioners in their districts .
Naidu , who also discussed the issue with agriculture minister Radhamohan Singh , said tobacco and Arecanut are two important cash crops in the country and in many parts , the livelihood of farmers depend on them .
Ryot leader Sunanda RAM said farmers in Mandya district are suffering due to severe drought and there is no sufficient water in the KRS dam .
Bengaluru : , SEP 12 , 2015 , Dhns : 1:27 Istkarnataka has sought an additional RS 800 crore from the centre under the national and state disaster response Fundndrf and Sdrfas the drought situation has worsened , said chief minister Siddaramaiah on Friday .
Siddaramaiah said 139 Taluks in the state have been suffering from drought and the loss is estimated at RS 16,000 crore .
Responding to a question from s R Vishwanath ( BJP ) , RAM said farmers , from whom 1,810 acres had been acquired for the project , would be given an option of either financial compensation or sites .
The schemes announced on Friday will have impact on at least 12 crore families of small farmers , PM Narendramodi claimed .
Answering a query regarding financial package , Badal said the state had demanded outstanding debt waiver and refund of RS 2,694 crore paid as interest on special term loan amounting to RS 5,800 crore by the state for fighting militancy .
The Punjab chief minister demanded Radha Mohan Singhs resignation saying that he did not connect with the farmers woes .
Maharashtra cm Devendrafadnavis ( file photo ) Maharashtra cm Devendrafadnavis ( file photo ) chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Wednesday the Maharashtra government will study the Uttar Pradesh model of farm loan waiver , amid growing demand from across the political spectrum to help the States distressed farmers .
New Delhi , Feb 7,2012 , Dhns : 21:46 Istslow progress in manufacturing and agriculture is the Reasona concerned finance minister Pranabmukherjee said the trend is disappointing and more focus is needed on reaching higher growth trajectory and keeping inflation at a moderate level .
Siddaramaiah said an auction system for agricultural markets would also be introduced on the mobile one .
Agri credit raised to record RS 10 lakh CR in Fy18New Delhi , Feb 1 , 2017 , ( PTI ) 12:19 Istin a major thrust to agriculture , finance minister Arunjaitley today announced a whopping RS 1 lakh crore hike in the credit target for the next fiscal to RS 10 lakh crore as part of the government 's efforts to double farm incomes in the next five years .
In his address broadcast through air stations across the state , RAM said 70 farmers had committed suicide since June which was a matter of concern and the Suddenrise had remained an enigma to the government itself .
I am ecstatic that there would be no Levy of GST on services rendered by government , Reserve Bank of India , public conveniences , educational institution , services relating to agriculture , transmission or distribution of electricity , renting of residential dwelling for use as a residence , burial , healthcare , specified schemes of general insurance etc , Mohan said .
( express Photo/Janak Rathod ) agitating farmers called off their stir on Monday after Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis said his government has accepted most of the demands of the farmers .
Siddaramaiah told reporters after reviewing the drought situation and relief works in Belagavi district at Suvarna Vidhana Soudha on Monday that once the drought eases , he would visit Delhi to get a green signal for the expansion from the party high command .
The schemes announced on Friday will have impact on at least 12 crore families of small farmers , PM Modi claimed .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said his government was open to suggestions from political parties on ways to stop the spate of farmer suicides in the country .
During his 30-minute broadcast , Modi said concern over drought is natural as prolonged drought leads to a drop in water table in reservoirs .
Farmers are being forced to die miserable deaths , Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) prime ministerial candidate Narendra Modi said on Thursday in a region which often hits the headlines for farmer suicides .
4:50 PM : home minister Rajnathsingh said the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man .
It is , however , essential that cold chain is maintained after treatment of the fruit , said Dr Rajeshkumar , assistant director , Department of agriculture , Bihar .
Association president RAM said , Wallajah lake , which is under Pwds control , receives water from Neyveli mines and villages in this area use the lake water for drinking and agricultural purposes .
Liquidity is very important for farmers so that they continue to invest in their agriculture and grow healthy crop , Nagar said .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis had announced the Drought-Like situation last week in 180 of 355 Talukas of the state .
The price started reducing drastically from the first week of December and it has come down to RS 100 , said K RAM , a farmer in Sathyamangalam .
Admitting that it was not enough , Amarindersingh said total farm loan was RS 60,000 crore and Punjab can not pay this much .
When farmers talk about loan waiver , ( finance minister ) Arunjaitley says the centre does not have any policy for it .
Uttar Pradesh , Telangana and Andhra Pradesh have announced loan waivers on their own and Maharashtra will have to follow the same , RAM told reporters .
But during his recent visit to the state , he did not find time to visit the families of farmers who have committed suicide , Naidu told reporters in Bengaluru .
Let centre also waive farm loans , cm Sayshubballi , Oct 02 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:35 Ista day after the state government announced waiver of interest on farmers medium- and long-term loans borrowed from co-operative banks , chief minister Siddaramaiah asked BJP leaders to pressure the union government to waive farmers loans borrowed from the nationalised banks , or , at least the interest .
Addressing a public rally in Guwahati , Modi said farmers were crucial to his vision of a new India where no area will remain undeveloped .
In what is being viewed as a groundwork for next years parliamentary elections , Congress president Rahul Gandhi reached out to women , youth and farmers at Nanded in Maharashtras Chandrapur district on Wednesday .
Stating that he was himself a son of a farmer , Siddaramaiah said his government would make farmer welfare its priority .
Confirming the date of the meeting , chief secretary Nagar said that other proposals besides the loan waiver will be finalised on Monday .
The commission set up to ascertain the farm debt quantum and to work out modalities for its waiver was expected to come out with its report soon , to pave the way for total waiver of the farmers loans , to which he was personally committed , Amarindersingh said .
Open for dialogue : Chouhanmadhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Thursday said the state government was open for a dialogue with farmers to iron out the differences .
Agriculture Patna : deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi said the centre should extend its full economic co-operation to the state to achieve the goal of a second green revolution .
On farm loans , cm Devendrafadnavis said the centre was positive about Institutionalising the credit system and the state will bear its share .
After meeting members of Mahadayi and Kalasa-Banduri Horata Samanvaya Samiti , farmers and Kannada organisations agitating for speedy implementation of Kalasa-Banduri and Mahadayi water projects , Siddaramaiah told Mediapersons at the airport here that there is no need for Congress leaders from the state to convince opposition leaders in GOA and Maharashtra .
Modi agenda Gopalganj : Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh on Sunday said agenda of Modi government for five years is to strengthen the country and this is possible only when farmers and villages are taken care of .
25Pm : Rahulgandhi says he spoke to the families of the deceased farmers on phone and conveyed condolences .
Pointing out that the rules , if implemented in their letter and spirit , would defeat the very purpose of certain sections of the prevention of cruelty to animals act , RAM said the rules pertaining to the constitution of animal market monitoring committees and animal market committees would disturb a well established structure , which was in accordance with the Karnataka agricultural produce marketing ( regulation ) act .
Waive loans of farmers also , Rahul said in Gorakhpur .
Prime minster Modi has said that the government was taking steps to double farmers income by 2022 , and let me say that if we fail to do so then you can kick the BJP out of power , he added .
Our government has made it clear that no bank will initiate Kurki of farmers property to recover the outstanding debt , Amarindersingh told the house .
( AP photo ) in his Mann Ki Baat on November 26 , Prime Minister Narendramodi asked farmers to cut urea consumption by half by 2022 .
Urging the members to help the country move forward and help double the farmers ' income by 2020 , Modi said , I am not an economist like Dr Manmohan Singh .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah reportedly said on Wednesday that the farmer had died due to excessive consumption of liquor and that his government was not responsible for the farmers death .
Siddaramaiah said the campuses where these firms have set up were built on agricultural land .
( source : Ani photo ) condemning the violence in Mandsaur district of Madhya Pradesh where farmers are protesting over loan waiver and better price for their produce , home minister Rajnathsingh on Thursday said , the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man .
Questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers , Amarindersingh asked , if a bankrupt state like Punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver , why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme ?
Chief minister RAM recently said the state had suffered a crop loss of RS 25,000 crore .
When asked if the state government would convene a special session to discuss the drought situation , RAM said the subject was discussed at length during the earlier legislature session .
The Congress party will continue to expose the failures of the Modi government , RAM said adding for the Congress party in terms of substance , the greatest damage that Modi has done to Indian agriculture and to Indian farmers is the amendments to the land acquisition law of 2013 and open the doors to land grab .
By September 30 , 2018 , my government will go cashless , Manoharparrikar said while speaking at a seminar organised by Nabard ( National Bank for agriculture and rural development ) at a function here .
A state government release on Sunday describing all who came to see Modi said that national , state and local leaders , young and old , men and women , eunuchs , Jean-Clad urban youth , farmers , Tribals , Maldharis , many in their traditional attire , individually and in groups , each representing their nativity , showed their solidarity with the chief minister on his mission .
On the issue of agricultural debt relief , while his government had already announced a package of RS 8000 crores for over ten lakh small and marginal farming households , there was need for a comprehensive package and assistance from the centre , said Amarindersingh , urging for a one-time debt waiver to help out the farming community .
The state governments have to do nothing but just make a list of all the deserving farmers with full honesty , and send the list to us , said Modi .
When RAM said his traditional occupation was agriculture , the Enumerator entered the code 4 against the column following a prompt by his colleague .
Vishal Srivastav Rahul Gandhi gets a farmer to sign a Kisan Mangpatra in Unnao on Thursday .
Tiwari said the state government has been shaken by the constantly rising of suicides by distressed farmers .
( AP photo ) in his Mann Ki Baat on November 26 , Prime Minister Modi asked farmers to cut urea consumption by half by 2022 .
Gandhi also told the government that if it helped the farmers by extending compensation , it will benefit it politically and not to us .
Central team to be sent to Karnataka to assess drought : Pmnew Delhi , Aug 24 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 19:18 Ista central team is being sent to Karnataka soon to assess the drought situation there , Prime Minister Modi told an All-Party delegation from the state led by chief minister Siddaramaiah which raised the matter along with a number of other issues .
Mla park told reporters that the district was facing its worst drought and drinking water crisis in recent times .
Ba Naidu , a farmer from Anandapuram said , we are forced to buy chicks at 40-47 per unit this year .
( file photo ) farmers protest continued unabated in many parts of Western Madhya Pradesh on Monday even as chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of agitating farmers .
Earlier on Monday , finance minister Arunjaitley had said the centre would not fund for loan waivers for farmers , adding that the States must fund for this on their own expense .
The banks have not bothered to inform farmers about the amount credited to their accounts as part of the waiver benefits , Fadnavis said during the meeting of the state level bankers committee ( Slbc ) , which represents all types of banks , at Sahyadri guesthouse in Mumbai .
But it does not want to give a loan waiver even as this can contain farm suicides , the Congress MLA had said in the house .
Chief minister H.D . H.D.Kumaraswamys on Monday said he would announce his plan on farm loan waiver on Wednesday in Bengaluru .
When contacted , Dr RAM said that there was no clear reference to the lands in question in records and they had been converted for Non-Agricultural purposes only after verification of documents .
Modi said he would transform agriculture .
Kishore Tiwari , who heads the state government-appointed Vasantrao Naik Sheti Swavlamban mission and has been sent by the chief minister on a stock-taking mission in Marathwada , on Wednesday said , I spoke to farmers in beed today to find out the problems they are facing .
Fadnavis has said an alternative to the LBT and toll tax was being worked out and would be announced Soonconcerns over environment : the ministry of environment and forest has proposed to shrink the buffer zone around sanctuaries and national parks .
Kerala chief minister Oommenchandy asked the prime minister to allocate funding meant for programmes like 'Beti Bachao Abhiyan ' and 'Jan Dhan Yojana ' to develop the state 's dwindling agriculture productivity .
Govt in no hurry to declare Taluks Drought-Hitkolar , August 8 , 2013 , Dhns : 0:35 Istagriculture minister RAM announced on Thursday that the list of Drought-Hit Taluks in the state would be put once the rainy season ends .
Referring to his visit last week to Madhya Pradesh when he was not allowed to enter the state to meet the families of farmers who died in police firing , Rahulgandhi said , when I asked the policemen under what law they were stopping me from entering the state , they told me there was no law but they were only carrying out orders .
Talking about the role of the agriculture , Naidu said a huge population of the country is engaged in the sector .
On the farm loan waiver issue , Gandhi said , when they were in government they waived RS 70,000 crore in loan waiver and recalled the BJP MPs criticism against the same .
When the members pressed for waiving of farm loans , RAM said farmers have availed RS 10,000 crore from co-operative banks and RS 35,000 crore from commercial banks .
Recalling his visit to Madhya Pradesh more than a decade ago , Yogiadityanath said it was a backward state that was the weakest in agriculture production and had bad roads .
When asked when was he planning to reshuffle his council of ministers , Siddaramaiah said he would do that after visiting Drought-Affected parts of Karnataka .
The cm said the cost of extending the loan waiver to 31 lakh farmers is RS 30,500 crore and if the government decided to bear it , that would mean depriving other sections of society from their social schemes .
In all the other rallies , Gandhi said employment among youth and financial crisis among farmers were the two biggest challenges before the state and the country .
Reiterating his commitment to waive farm loans , chief minister H.D . H.D.Kumaraswamys on Sunday said that he will not hesitate to resign in case he is unable to do so .
The target for agricultural credit in 2017-18 has been fixed at a record level of RS 10 lakh crore , Arunjaitley said in his budget speech .
Later interacting with the villagers of Munak in Karnal district , Manoharlalkhattar said the responsibility for implementing the Swaminathan commission report rested with former chief minister Hooda , who was then chairman of the working group of chief ministers on agriculture production , set up on agriculture .
My speech was good but I got no response ( from the government ) , Gandhi told reporters as he exited parliament after speaking on the agrarian crisis that was pending from the first phase of the budget session .
Farm loan Waiveron the RS . 53,000 crore farm loan waiver , which his party had announced in its manifesto , Mr. H.D.Kumaraswamys said , now , I can not take individual decision since we are in an alliance .
On Tuesday , chief minister Siddaramaiah had said he had not seen the file sent by the governors office as he was in Ballari to monitor drought relief work .
Experience has shown that price shocks in items under the act have been minimal , says RAM , director of the National centre for agricultural economics and policy research .
The requirement of funds for the infrastructure , agriculture , horticulture , animal husbandry , women and child development , health and education sectors in the region is RS 16,000 crore , RAM said .
Puliyur a Nagar , president of TMC farmers wing , said , farmers are burdened with debts and some have taken extreme decisions resulting .
On May 30 , Kumaraswamy said he needed 15 days to come out with a plan to implement a loan waiver .
If sufficient water is not released , the cultivation will be affected badly , said RAM , a farmer .
After the meeting , Siddaramaiah told reporters that the veteran Congress leader has asked the government to pay cash compensation to farmers in Cauvery basin who have suffered crop losses due to non-release of water through the canals .
He said the loan waiver for distressed farmers should be on the scale of the Upas bailout package of 2008 , at todays prices .
Siddaramaiah said district In-Charge ministers have been directed to hold regular review of drought relief works in their respective districts .
Siddaramaiah said that his government was Pro-Farmer and Pro-Poor and they were ready for discussions on the adjournment motion moved by the opposition .
Responding to a question on the police firing on farmers in Madhya Pradesh , RAM said the problem being faced by farmers now has not been created overnight .
As per law , only two proofs are required for such land rights to be granted and the CM said this will be followed , said Dr Ashok Dhawle of the all India Kisan Sabha .
45 crore allotted to Operationalise the horticulture mission last year , Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh said on September 2 and hoped the state would use the entire amount received from the centre this year .
During a debate in the assembly on drought situation in the state on the first day of the budget session on Thursday , Naidu claimed that Ysr interest-free loan scheme , announced by the chief minister , was nothing new , but an old one introduced by the Kiran Kumar Reddy government and that the TDP government continued the same after 2014 .
The population is increasing but the land is not going to Increasewe have to see how the productivity increases there should be more production in less land , Modi said while releasing a two-part book series on renowned agriculture scientist M s Swaminathan at his residence here .
Earlier , interacting with farmers across the country through videoconference , Modi told a woman who also runs self-help groups in Bengals South 24-Paragans to mount pressure on the Mamata Banerjee government to submit a list of small and marginal farmers .
Modi said the opposition was welcome in criticising and finding faults , if any , in the implementation of initiatives taken by his government as he listed a number of programmes , including for farmers , youth and other sections of the society .
25Pm : Gandhi says he spoke to the families of the deceased farmers on phone and conveyed condolences .
Help promised to Farmersaddressing the gathering on the occasion , Siddaramaiah said the government was celebrating the occasion with a heavy heart in the wake of the farmers suicides in the state .
I share the pain , Modi said about the suicide committed by a farmer from Rajasthan at a rally organised by AAM Aadmi party here .
I myself being a son of a farmer , I Empathise with you , RAM said , while appealing to them not to allow their mind to be Weakenedby distress .
Siddaramaiah said , I am fully aware of the travails faced by the agrarian community .
A day after painting a grim picture of Indias farming during the inauguration of the meet , Modi said , the government of India has helped us identify progressive farmers from each district of the country .
V s park , director , state drought monitoring cell said that it was good that paddy cultivation was reducing in the state .
On charges of AP copying Telangana schemes , Naidu said Andhra Pradesh achieved 11 growth in agriculture and allied sectors in the last four years whereas the overall growth of Telangana stands at 0 .
Eligible farmers from Jalandhar , Kapurthala , Ludhiana , Fazilka and Ferozepur districts were given the certificates .
In order to make the economy of any country strong , one needs to have three pillars of equal strength : one-third each for agriculture , manufacturing and service sectors , he said .
This is what Prime Minister Narendramodi said here today while addressing a conference of agriculture ministers of states here .
The recent rain has only replenished our hopes of better days with enough water for the crop , said Madan , a farmer in Hagarigollahalli in the Taluk .
While Patidar is agonising about his garlic in MP , a few thousand miles away in Delhi , the union Agriculture ministry is busy preparing flashy booklets and nifty presentations to showcase what it will call achievements and how these would result in the realisation of one of the prime minister 's many dreams - doubling farmers ' incomes by 2022 .
This is for Gujarat , Modi said , addressing a gathering of farmers here .
Apcthe proposed agriculture price Commission ( APC ) was before the cabinet subcommittee , Siddaramaiah said .
But NDA will have to meet first ( to take a decision ) , sad veteran and Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal told reporters here after a meeting with agriculture minister Sharad Pawar .
In Mandya alone , authorities have registered more than fifty cases , and have seized about 1,000 documents , said RAM , who is on a visit to Mandya and RAM districts to comfort families of farmers who have committed suicide .
Following this , Devendra Fadnavis has asked the finance secretary of the state to study the up model on the basis of which loan waiver was declared .
Zilla Panchayat engineer RAM said that the decision of farmers has not affected the Desilting works .
The opposition party also said that even prime minister Modi had claimed that the villages had become 'Drought free ' .
Almost two years after chief minister Devendrafadnavis announced RS 34,000-Crore farm loan waiver , district central cooperative banks ( Dccbs ) seem to have benefited more than the nationalised banks under the scheme .
B'Amid clamour for his resignation over the controversial remarks on drought , Maharashtra deputy chief minister Ajitpawar today said any decision on the issue would be taken only after consulting party legislators .
Pune : Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh on Tuesday said the cooperative sector could play a pivotal role in bridging the rich-poor gap and help the country achieve SAB ka Saath , SAB ka Vikas .
These have been the two main demands of the farmers who are on a 10-day statewide strike .
B'As whether the land in Singur would be fit for cultivation again , Mamatabanerjee said : according to some agricultural experts , as no farming had taken place there for a decade , it was now more fertile than before .
The difference is extremely glaring in perishable commodities like vegetables , Babu said in his address at the 46th convocation of the University of agricultural sciences ( UAS ) here on Friday .
Sagar Kulkarni , Feb 3 , 2017 , Dhns 8:48 Istdateline : New Delhidays after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced scrapping of high value currency notes , agriculture ministry officials were eagerly awaiting the details about sowing for Rabi crops across the country .
It is evident that the issue is being deliberately politicized , with the farming community also being unnecessarily dragged into the whole affair .
They are focusing not so much on farmers , not so much on agriculture , Gandhi said .
