Acknowledging slip-ups in the Aadhaar enrolment process, UIDAI deputy director general Ashok Dalwai told TOI there have been cases where an operator's fingerprints had been registered instead of the applicant's.
Modi said the banks should redouble efforts in financial literacy and seeding of Aadhar numbers with bank accounts needs to improve.
when referred to the leakage of aadhaar details of cricketer m s dhoni, arunjaitley said it was the result of an immature act by somebody in ranchi against whom action has been taken.
modi said the banks should redouble efforts in financial literacy and seeding of aadhar numbers with bank accounts needs to improve.
Dalwai said that one would be asked to re-enrol for Aadhaar, if the collected data failed in the quality check for validations.
photo of ms dhoni posted on twitter by cscegov handle photo of ms dhoni posted on twitter by cscegov handlethe centre which, on tuesday, leaked the aadhaar data of former indian cricket captain mahendra singh dhoni on twitter has been blacklisted for 10 years by uidai, reported news agency pti.
the report states: based on the numbers available on the websites looked at, the estimated number of aadhaar numbers leaked through these 4 portals could be around 130-135 million (13- 13.5 crore) and the number of bank accounts numbers leaked at around 100 million (10 crore) from the specific portals we looked at.
it is wrong on the part of the centre to come up with a directive that a person cannot get pension or withdraw money from bank without aadhar, mamatabanerjee said.
acknowledging slip-ups in the aadhaar enrolment process, uidai deputy director general ashok dalwai told toi there have been cases where an operator's fingerprints had been registered instead of the applicant's.
Dalwai said the response received by UIDAI was too overwhelming and that there was an immediate need to enhance infrastructure, especially pertaining to processing of enrolments.
the poorest of the poor, the marginalised people will be the worst sufferers if #aadhaar is made mandatory unilaterally, mamatabanerjee said in a tweet.
the uidai has also sought technical details on how access was gained for the national social assistance programme (nsap) site -- one of the four portals where the alleged leak happened.
The ambitious project - which has issued unique identification numbers to more than 380 million people, which is large than the population of several large countries in just a few years - would still take a few more years before every Indian resident is issued with this unique number and the card having the biometric information of the individual, Nilekani told a Washington audience.
answering congress' charge that the bharatiya janata party and its leaders, including current prime minister narendra modi, when in opposition had opposed the idea of aadhaar, prasad said that bjp was against it as personal information of the people was being collected in absence of any law in relation to it.
we will review aadhaar project if bjp-led nda comes to power and look into its flaws.
lets assume there is no aadhaar but some information that is contained in some network gets hacked or gets leaked, that is because of the technology used there, jaitley said.
if there are no banks or post office, how can one avail direct benefit transfer as there are lots of sc st people who dont have aadhar card, mamatabanerjee said.
the upa legislation, arunjaitley said, was inadequate as it did not contain adequate safeguards on privacy and did not mention for which purpose the uid would be used.
the introduction of aadhaar bill as a 'money bill' was nothing but a brazen and mala fide attempt to bypass the approval of rajya sabha which holds an important place in the constitutional and democratic framework of lawmaking, ramesh said while challenging the constitutional validity of the aadhar act.
insisting that a series of conditions are specified in article 110 and that article 110 uses the word only if those conditions are prevalent can a bill be declared a money bill, ramesh had said that the aadhaar bill, which was passed as a money bill ignored five recommendations made by the rajya sabha.
last week, mamatabanerjee had said publicly that she would not link her mobile phone number with aadhaar, as required by the government, and had dared the authorities to cut off her connection.
amendments must be made to the aadhaar act, 2016, after the enactment of a data protection law, in order to bring the act in consonance with the data protection framework, shashitharoor said.
ahluwalia, who was the chief guest at the aadhaar card issuing authority uidai's function here this morning, told his audience during the course of his speech that he had lost his unique identification card.
on the bjps promise to shut down the aadhaar system as it is allegedly helping illegal bangladeshi immigrants to enrol, nilekani said: its very clearly mentioned that aadhaar is only an id card and does not prove ones citizenship.
, to residents and in that process, they were illegally obtaining the Aadhaar number/enrolment details from the residents, UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey said in a statement.
the software sometimes fails to read fingerprints and aadhaar card details of beneficiaries, forcing them to return without their monthly quota of subsidised foodgrain, modi said.
stating that he himself does not have an aadhaar card, ramesh said a situation may arise when it may be needed even to book a flight or get a phone number.
admitting to glitches, ashok dalwai, uidai chief, said, we plan to finish the process by the end of the year.
finance minister arun jaitley, while clarifying the points raised by members, said it had been judicially settled in many countries, including the united states, that if an individual wants to claim specific government benefits, asking him or her to enrol for a aadhaar like programme is not unjust.
making aadhaar mandatory for availing subsidies was resulting in exclusion of beneficiaries and the government cannot claim to have saved huge subsidies by this, he said.
the ambitious project - which has issued unique identification numbers to more than 380 million people, which is large than the population of several large countries in just a few years - would still take a few more years before every indian resident is issued with this unique number and the card having the biometric information of the individual, nilekani told a washington audience.
last month the sc ruled that aadhaar can only be issued to those with proven indian nationality and cannot be mandatory for accessing public services and subsidies.
on the impact of the supreme court statement that the government should not make aadhaar mandatory for availing social benefits, nilekani said that the matter was sub-judice and would come up for its final hearing on september 22.
as parties like bjd opposed the move to make aadhaar mandatory for filing of income tax returns and making pan application, jaitley said linking of aadhaar with pan was necessary as people have multiple pan cards and are using it as a tool for tax evasion.
