say 'yes to digital payment, no to cash': pm modi in a fresh push towards digital payments, prime minister modi on thursday told businesses to shun cash and go digital to bring transparency and root out black money.
seba chairman ram ram today said they have so far digitalised the documents dated between 2011 and 2016.
(ani)talks with russian president vladimir putin on wednesdaytwo-hour tete-a-tete on board a shipvladivostok: india and russia are against outside influence in the internal matters of any nation, prime minister narendramodi said afterduring which they discussed ways to bolster cooperation in trade and investment, oil and gas, nuclear energy, defence, space and maritime connectivity.
aptdc executive director ram ram said improved flight connectivity to countries like singapore, malaysia and sri lanka has also played a major role in the steady increase of foreign tourists in the last two years.
23: prime minister narendramodi today said his government was determined to make india an international arbitration hub for the resolution of domestic and global commercial disputes.
narendra modi,as the chairman of the campaign committee,will be starting his campaign from hyderabad on august 11 with a call to the people to make india free of congress party, senior bjp leader m naidu told reporters.
modi also said that in this age more than physical connectivity there is need for information highways or i-ways.
pti photo by manvender vashist expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, digidhan movement.
we are doing everything possible to improve connectivity, says pm.
pm announces rs 28,000 cr for new rail projects in northeastkohima, dec 1, 2014, (pti): 14:00 istfocusing on improving connectivity to the northeast, prime minister narendramodi today said the centre would provide rs 28,000 crore for laying new railway lines in the region and develop the untapped tourism potential of the area.
modi said he feels proud to hear that there is make in india movement going on in japan also.
such rapid growth offers new digital highways and new markets for the uk and indian companies to address, modi said.
during the 7-minute interaction, modi asked her to explain how she helped people and how they are benefited under the digital india initiative.
by ptirussia: india and russia are against outside influence in the internal matters of any nation, prime minister modi said after talks with russian president vladimir putin on wednesday during which they discussed ways to bolster cooperation in trade and investment, oil and gas, nuclear energy, defence, space and maritime connectivity.
asserting that the success of connectivity through and across central asia was important, modi said,.
modi also said the network of about three lakh common service centres (cscs), which act as access points for delivery of digital services, had bolstered employment and entrepreneurship opportunities, thus empowering citizens.
reiterating that india was heading towards a premises-less and paper-less banking system, prime minister narendramodi on friday said that thumb impression now signifies digital reality.
asserting that the budget reflects commitment to eliminate corruption and black money, modi said it provides for a comprehensive package of digital economy which will reduce tax evasion and help control black money.
'make in india' happening in karnataka: siddaramaiahbengaluru, jan 7, 2016, (ians) 13:45 istchief minister ram has said that make in india is happening in karnataka, citing the investments the state has attracted.
noting that for india, the vision for the region rests on five pillars - trade, investment, assistance, cooperation in every area, contacts between our people -- and all through seamless connectivity, modi said barriers of boundaries inhibit progress and international partnerships add speed to it.
we must make the transactions cost-effective and strengthen cloud servers on the bank side, andhra pradesh chief minister babu , who heads the panel, said after submitting an interim report on digital payments to prime minister narendra modi.
the sco has a rich agenda for cooperation, ranging from fighting terrorism, separatism and extremism to promoting cooperation in connectivity, commerce, customs, law, health and agriculture; protecting the environment and mitigating disaster risk, and fostering people-to-people relations, modi said in a pre-departure statement.
prasad said, the higher the linkages with the aadhaar number, the more we have in terms of seamless digital transactions.
on the industrial front, prime minister modi announced 'make in india', 'startup india', 'digital india' and many more things.
it will help people to find the nearest wifi hotspots from their location, gautham told ht.
whoever wants to come into mainstream, he can do that and i believe it will make india clean and like the swachh bharat abhiyan, the economy will be cleansed, modi said.
new delhi: commerce and industry minister nirmalasitharaman said the union budget for 2017-18 provides renewed impetus to the governments make in india initiative, manufacturing, and export infrastructure.
from solar infra to social infra, from technical infra to space infra and from digital infra to defence infra, the india-france alliance is moving forward strongly, modi said.
south korea is an important partner for our 'make in india' initiative as well as in our 'start up india' and 'clean india' initiatives, modi said.
coimbatore: the tamil nadu government will provide aviation fuel tax concession for airlines to increase the connectivity during late night and early morning hours in coimbatore international airport, said chief minister edappadik.palaniswami on thursday.
(pti photo)with chinese president xi jinping listening in, prime minister narendramodi said on friday that connectivity projects in the region should respect territorial integrity and sovereignty, and it is essential to maintain inclusivity and sustainability.
panaji: chief minister manoharparrikar on tuesday said all financial transactions of the state government will be in digital mode from october 1.
demonetisation to push digital economy, says nilekaninew delhi, nov 28, 2016, pti: 22:21 istdemonetisation would see a massive activation of digitisation of financial services in the country, although there will be some amount of short term pain in the coming weeks, former uidai chairman nandan nilekani said today.
after the talks, modi said india will continue to support nepal as per that country's priorities, adding both sides have agreed to expedite all connectivity projects.
as part of his push for digital payments, modi asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments bharat interface for money (bhim) app for transactions.
the idea of india is that all such voices can come out together and they make india stronger despite differences, gandhi said.
stressing that digital india was about 4 es  education, employment, entrepreneurship, and empowerment, modi said from booking rail tickets to paying bills and availing government services digitally, people were being empowered.
stressing on the need to focus on connectivity for development, modi said the first railway university to be set up here is an important decision in this direction and will impact the next century.
the digital id works even if they move places, he said, adding that the passport department, epfo and other government departments would soon start using aadhaar.
initiatives like international north south transport corridor, chabahar port , ashgabat agreement, clarify the focus of india on connectivity, modi said.
during the interaction, modi asked both railways and department of posts to focus on increasing digital transactions across their networks, especially using the bhim app.
it isolated obsolete ideas, arunjaitley said at icici banks digital village adoption programme.
from development point of view, it is important that districts in uttar pradesh have low-cost air connectivity with the rest of the country and inauguration of this terminal is an effort in that direction, yogiadityanath said.
on other measures to boost digital transactions, mr. das said the telecom regulator trai has decided to reduce the ussd (unstructured supplementary service data) charges from the current rs.  1.50 per session to 50 paise per session for transactions relating to banking and payments.
during his budget speech, finance minister arunjaitley announced that niti aayog would spearhead a national programme on ai; with the near doubling of the digital india budget, the it ministry also announced the setting up of four committees for ai related research.
earlier during the day, aditya birla group chairman kumarmangalambirla said, this combination will enable the aditya birla group to create a high quality digital infrastructure that will transition the indian population towards a digital lifestyle, and make the governments digital india vision a reality.
by anihouston: pitching india as an attractive investment destination, prime minister modi said on sunday that norms on single-brand retail had been eased, coal mining and contract manufacturing were open for 100 per cent fdi investment and big reduction in corporate tax will make india more globally competitive.
cm devendrafadnavis said the government is looking at creating a digital repository of all maps concerning the state.
addressing the village level entrepreneurs (vles), who run these centres, via video conferencing, modi said digital india was launched with an aim to connect india's villages and youth.
the make in india push, manoharparrikar told mediapersons, had begun to yield results.
asia's richest man for industrial parks in indianew delhi: june 11, 2015, dhns 0:10 istkeen to ensure that his make-in-india campaign delivers, prime minister narendramodi has asked wang jianlin  the richest man of asia  to expeditiously implement his dalian wanda groups mega-investment plans in india and launch the first project by 2017.
prem nath pandeyhaving already asked bjp legislators to be in election mode, prime minister modi on friday asked party mps from states governed by opposition parties to focus on the youth and use the digital platform to reach out to them ahead of 2019 lok sabha elections.
successful revival of the ancient trade routes require not only physical connectivity and requisite infrastructure, but even more important, a climate of peace, stability, mutual trust and respect, support for mutual prosperity and free flow of commerce and ideas, modi had said during an interaction with journalists from china just before playing host to xi in ahmedabad and new delhi.
in the digital age where millions have access to social media platforms, journalists will have to be more careful to check the spread of fake news, said naidu , adding that watching doordarshan or reading a major newspaper was enough in the past.
mayor anantanarayanjena said: smart city and modern urbanisation are the future.
digital payments are the future of financial transactions, arunjaitley said at the punjab national bank app launching ceremony held here.
civil flight operations from darbhanga airport can start in six months as part of the udan (ude desh ka aam nagrik) scheme to develop regional airports and flight connectivity launched by the centre, deputy chief minister modi said on wednesday.
pm to hold talks with hasina in dhaka on saturdaynew delhi, june 4, 2015, (pti) 21:26 istahead of his two-day maiden visit to bangladesh, prime minister narendramodi today said he was looking forward to it with a great sense of enthusiasm and delight as the two sides readied a host of pacts to be signed including one on enhancing connectivity.
narendra modi,as the chairman of the campaign committee,will be starting his campaign from hyderabad on august 11 with a call to the people to make india free of congress party, senior bjp leader m venkaiah ram told reporters.
modi, while addressing investors at the vibrant gujarat summit here, also said that 'make in india' initiative has become the biggest brand that the country has ever had.
this will involve creating systems to address the concerns on mobility, connectivity, productivity, sustainability and safety, modi told a public gathering in the city where he launched three more metro lines, taking the number of planned metro corridors to 14 extending 337 km.
attacking the previous upa government, modi said that the country has nowadays become digitalised as internet is accessible to everyone and everywhere, a facility that he claimed was lacking in the tenure of the remote controlled government.
reiterating that india was heading towards a premises-less and paper-less banking system, prime minister modi on friday said that thumb impression now signifies digital reality.
the drive for digital payment channels and financial inclusion will ensure direct benefit transfers to indians and will bring them in formal financial system, naidu said.
our clean ganga, renewable energy, digital india, smart cities, housing for all and skill india missions are preparing us for a cleaner, more prosperous, faster growing and new india, modi told the audience comprising delegates from 80 african countries.
read | pm modi launches three indian digital payment apps in singaporeadvocating indias open stand on international trade regime, pm modi said india stands for a stable environment in the indo-pacific region.
pm modi said that the goal to make india a $5 trillion economy by 2024 is challenging but can surely be achieved and stressed that the states should recognise their core competence, and work towards raising gdp targets right from the district level.
union finance minister arun jaitley in his budget speech on wednesday said that nearly 1,50,000 gram panchayats will get high-speed internet under the bharatnet project by the end of the march 2018.
reliance jio has entered into a long-term alliance with microsoft to accelerate digital transformation with the launch of new cloud data centres, ril chairman mukeshambani said on monday.
the in-flight connectivity facility is expected to be rolled out in 3-4 months, once the modalities of the niche licences and back-end agreements are worked out, telecom secretary arunasundararajan told reporters after the two-hour meeting of the telecom commission here.
for this, we will have to develop systems to ensure mobility, connectivity, productivity, safety and sustainability, modi said while speaking after laying foundation for the 32-storey metro bhavan, the integrated operations and control centre of the metro with an area of 1,14,088 sqmt which will come up at the aarey colony in western suburb of goregaon.
the digital nerve center is an initiative in that direction, modi said.
india for strengthening ties with iran: pmnew delhi, dec 28, 2015, (pti) 19:56 istprime minister modi today said india attaches high importance to its relations with iran and expressed keenness to further strengthen ties with it, including in the areas of trade, investment, oil and gas, connectivity and port development.
the decision to become a smart city will be taken by the citizens themselves, by the municipalities, modi said launching the three missions on smart cities, the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation and housing for all.
karnataka chief minister ram said it was heartening to note that associated journals limited was reviving the national herald newspaper by launching its english website and resuming its phased publication as a multi-media outlet, focussing primarily on news in a digital form.
smart city projects executive engineer maheshsharma said that they will be finalizing an agency for the same soon.
emphasising that the move destroyed the economy, lives and livelihoods, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said: modi and his minions claimed demonetisation will end black money, finish corruption, terminate terrorism, and bring only digital transactions.
the mishap was very unfortunate and was handled very well under the able leadership of maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, ram said today at the make in india week at bkc.
read | bus to ayodhya from janakpur will be pm narendramodi modis gift for nepalmodi said the two countries have completed several bilateral connectivity and development projects in the past few years, and initiated transformational initiatives for the benefit of their people.
every aspect of digital empowerment has been worked on, from rolling out fibre optics in villages, to digital literacy, modi said.
prime minister modi says the private sector must continue to believe in the india story, assuring that he will do his best to make india a better place to do business.
watch what else is in the newsnarrating how he had invited bse during a book launch event in 2013, and a memorandum of understanding (mou) was signed at the vibrant gujarat summit in 2015, modi said, i deliberated a lot with experts on how to make india a thought leader in the field of finance.
of the 11 major smart city projects , municipal commissioner mukeshkumar said, three have already been implemented.
modi said those doing politics in the name of ambedkar have been troubled when the digital app was named after bhimrao ambedkar was launched.
in his address at the summit, prime minister narendramodi , in an oblique reference to the bri, said any mega connectivity project must respect sovereignty and territorial integrity of the countries and assured india's full support to initiatives which ensures inclusivity.
we welcome the connectivity projects which are sustainable and efficient and which respect territorial integrity and sovereignty of the countries, modi said.
if the focus was on make in india last year, modi on saturday said the government would encourage young entrepreneurs to create a network of start-up companies covering every district of the country.
even countries which are technologically far more advanced than india with comparatively much smaller size population do not have such a system in place, said mukherjee, while complimenting the government for promotion of digital transactions.
by giving them all the pro-poor subsidies and benefits we have saved rs 36,000 crore in the last one year because of application of digital technologies, ravi shankar prasad said.
raising the issue of railway connectivity to the backward areas, naveenpatnaik said: construction of bhadrachalam road-talcher rail link via malkangiri, jeypore, lanjigarh; sambalpur-brahmapur rail link via phulbani and rayagada-gopalpur rail link via bhismagiri assume much significance.
modi said that both india and central asian countries should focus on enhancing connectivity.
stressing that rupay was bringing a revolutionary change in digital payments, modi said the card was also being used abroad and narrated how he used it to buy some items on his visit to singapore.
15 (pti): prime minister modi on friday said his pet digital india initiative is a war against touts and middlemen, helping check blackmoney and black marketing while creating immense job opportunities in small towns and rural areas.
when we speak of digital india, we would like to see a digital armed force, modi told the audience that included the top brass of the army, air force and navy.
i look forward to deepening india's association with the sco which will help us in economic, connectivity and counter- terrorism cooperation, among other things, prime minister modi said ahead of his visit here.
ridiculing the make in india campaign, gandhi said, the babbar sher (mascot of make in india campaign) does not squeak even like a mouse.
referring to his governments ambitious make in india initiative, modi said 37 of the indian warships participating the fleet review were made in india and their numbers will surely rise.
meanwhile, municipal commissioner dineshwaghmare said, e-governance is atop of civic bodys agendawe will certainly be going digital, but in a phased manner.
chairman bharti enterprises sunilbhartimittal said that airtel has been at the forefront of indias digital transformation and has empowered over 260 million customers with affordable telecom services.
presenting the budget, arunjaitley had said political parties would be allowed to receive donations by cheque or the digital mode.
digital payments are the future of financial transactions, jaitley said at the punjab national bank app launching ceremony held here.
modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of bhim app, a digital payment application, by educating the masses about it and helping them download it, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar told reporters after the meeting.
for this, we will have to develop systems to ensure mobility, connectivity, productivity, safety and sustainability, said pm modi.
both countries need people-to-people connectivity and the train is a move in that direction, modi said.
president ramnathkovind (ani)new delhi: the narendra modi government is giving special focus on improving connectivity in the northeast and make life easy for the people of the region, president ramnathkovind said on thursday.
a shift to digital payments has huge benefits for the common man it has a transformative impact in terms of greater formalisation of the economy and mainstreaming of financial savings into the banking system, arunjaitley told parliament.
in a bid to promote digital transactions, modi said, for entrepreneurs dealing in such transaction, tax will be calculated at 6 per cent, not 8.
these are all priority sectors under 'skill india' and 'make in india' programmes, which require large workforce with advanced technical skills, india's high commissioner in singapore jawed ashraf said here on friday.
as far as the gems and jewellery sector is concerned our aim should not only be make in india but also design in india, modi said at a public function at surat, the diamond hub of the country.
on defence cooperation, modi said a broad range of new defence projects were discussed that covered how to align our defence relations to india's own priorities, including make in india.
modi also said that by 2023-24, metro connectivity in mumbai will exceed more than 300 km.
modi said india's engagement with myanmar supported projects in connectivity, infrastructure, capacity building education, healthcare and many other sectors.
we have started the 'make in india' initiative and we want everyone to come and look at the opportunities that india has to offer, modi said.
twitter.com/9mjnd9ki4h  vicepresidentofindia (@vpsecretariat) august 21, 2019i am glad to be visiting estonia, a successful democracy, a member of the eu and a nation which has been recognised as a digital state, having great technological achievements to its credit, naidu said in a joint press statement.
bengaluru: india's unique digital identity platform aadhaar and the rapid rise in smartphone usage open up a whole new way of looking at applications, said nandan nilekani, former uidai chairman.
new delhi, dhns: 2:25 istprime minister modi on saturday said his forthcoming visits to france, germany and canada next month were primarily aimed at promoting the make-in-india initiative, seeking investment and creating job opportunities for youths.
(pti photo)a day after prime minister narendramodi said only by respecting the sovereignty of countries involved, can regional connectivity corridors fulfil their promise and avoid differences and discord, foreign secretary s jaishankar, in one of the sharpest comments by the government on the china pakistan economic corridor (cpec), said beijing had not been sensitive about indias sovereignty and did not consult new delhi on its $54-billion project with islamabad.
the plan is yet to be approved by the state government but the money is already earmarked, said s h naregal , special officer, hubballi-dharwad smart city limited (hdscl).
by ianspanaji: all financial transactions conducted by the state government will go digital from september 30 this year, chief minister manoharparrikar said on tuesday.
jaitley said that cash can be gradually substituted through digital payments/transactions.
terming the union railway budget people-friendly and development-oriented, the punjab chief minister parkash singh badal on monday said that the decision to involve states to make the railways the backbone of national connectivity would usher in a new era of cooperative federalism in the country.
modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of bhim app, a digital payment application, by educating the masses about it and helping them download it.
students from metros cities have the advantage of better computer infrastructure and widespread internet connectivity, said ram , a student from patna preparing for the sbi probationary officers' recruitment exam.
on tuesday, in his address to the joint sitting of parliament, president pranabmukherjee said the centre is working on a new civil aviation policy with thrust on connectivity to small cities.
we want to deepen the focus on connectivity, pm modi said while addressing the leader of other member countries like china, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, russia, tajikistan and uzbekistan.
this will provide a one-stop conversion support system for empowering rural women with opportunities for employment, skill development, digital literacy, health and nutrition, arunjaitley announced.
this will make digital payments easy even for those who cannot read or write, thus realising ambedkars vision of social and financial empowerment for all, modi said.
modi asked her the peoples reaction to digital programme.
be it road, railways, international waterways or coastal shipping, we are rapidly moving forward in the area of connectivity, modi said.
modi also said the poorvanchal and bundelkhand expressways would transform the economy of the two regions as farmers and traders would get national and international connectivity.
stating that the make in india concept as it stands today talks only of a platform, manoharparrikar said, i don't understand why only platforms.
i will convey to the new maldivian government of mr. solih the desire of the indian government to work closely for realisation of their developmental priorities, especially in areas of infrastructure, health care, connectivity & human resource development, modi said in a series of tweets.
moreover, modi had said the government has earmarked rs 53,000 crore in the budget for the development of the northeast while rs 28,000 crore was earmarked for construction of new railway lines to boost connectivity.
quelling fears over security of digital transactions,babu said that the sbi had left no stone unturned to ensure that the data of the users were not compromised.
emphasising on regional cooperation and integration through transport and energy connectivity, pranabmukherjee said it facilitate the emergence of a vibrant regional market.
das said all government offices have been asked to use only digital routes for paying to stakeholders, contractors and employees.
expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, 'digidhan' movement, pm said that it is a brave act against corruption and black money.
modi had said earlier sagarmala was not merely port development, but port-led development which would include ports, sezs, rail, road, air and waterway connectivity with the hinterland, including linkages of cold storage and warehousing facilities.
asserting that india is moving towards a less-cash and a digital economy, modi asked mps to spread awareness about it just as they did about electronic voting machines.
unless we have road connectivity, rail connectivity, air connectivity, it is very difficult to develop tourism, modi said.
this is where make in india starts, modi had said recently at the rbis 80th anniversary celebrations.
in kanpur, modi said demonetisation is a step to promote digital transactions to check black money.
pm to hold talks with hasina in dhaka on saturdaynew delhi, june 4, 2015, (pti) 21:26 istahead of his two-day maiden visit to bangladesh, prime minister modi today said he was looking forward to it with a great sense of enthusiasm and delight as the two sides readied a host of pacts to be signed including one on enhancing connectivity.
mahesh ram , an official with indore smart city development ltd said that these lots would work on hydraulic system with multiple levels to accommodate maximum vehicles in limited space.
the bharatnet project will be completed on time by december 2018, communications minister manojsinha said during question hour in rajya sabha.
chief minister yogiadityanath on wednesday said uttar pradesh had bagged the first position in regional connectivity and skill development in the country during the one year tenure of his government.
finance minister arun jailtey (file photo) finance minister arun jailtey (file photo)the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), coupled with a digitised economy ushered in by demonetisation, will make indias economy look much cleaner and bigger, said union finance minister arun jaitley at the vibrant gujarat global summit wednesday.
twitter.com/qbjiftvrkj  gandhi (@rahulgandhi) august 19, 2019charting the steps taken by rajiv government, the video says: computers become the symbol of ambitious indians, entrepreneurs like nr narayana murthy, shiv nadar and azim prem set-up world-class it companies, through mtnl indians could connect to 243 overseas countries, digitised telephone exchanges, pcos introduced to connect rural and urban india and first indian railways introduced digital reservation for tickets.
if on one hand, we go around saying make in india, startup india and digital india and want to attract foreign investors, we can't do so if we are condoning hatred in india at the same time, shashitharoor said in reference to the flagship schemes launched by the narendra modi-led government.
(pti photo)the nda government at the centre is keen on reducing isolation of the northeastern states through its ambitious act east policy for all-round connectivity of the region, prime minister narendramodi said in shillong on friday.
asking the people to prefer digital transactions instead of cash transactions, modi told the shopkeepers: you already have a board outside your shops that reads: aaj nagad, kal udhar.
we want to make india a big hub of electronics manufacturing, prasad said.
prime minister narendramodi says the private sector must continue to believe in the india story, assuring that he will do his best to make india a better place to do business.
(ap photo)prime minister narendramodi on tuesday here asked the iits, iiits and other technical institutions to create an atmosphere for boosting up the make in india campaign so that the country could not only step in a big way to manufacture defence equipment, but also lead the world in ensuring cyber security and supply skilled manpower globally in the next few years.
in his return message on twitter, modi said: we will make india-fiji relations stronger in the coming years.
all the 125 crore people of the country have equal value and importance, modi said in his monthly radio programme mann ki baat in which he also pushed for more digital transactions, informed about the launch of south asia satellite on may 5 and spoke about some other issues.
we reviewed different issues, ahluwalia said, adding that the home ministry's national population register (npr) project for constructing digital database of residents could continue along with uidai.
siddaramaiah said, i am happy to launch a grand challenge in the health sector and to inaugurate the pilot initiative of keonics to provide wi-fi connectivity to 11 gram panchayat headquarters in the state.
when poor farmers of villages have started adopting digital payment, now they (middlemen) have started spreading new rumours, modi said.
the idea is that india and japan along with other willing partners work jointly in sectors like skill development, information technology, manufacturing, health and connectivity, modi said.
we seek active participation of spanish industry in various indian projects including infrastructure, smart cities, digital economy, renewable energy, defence and tourism, modi had said ahead of his visit.
das further said all government offices have been asked to use only digital payment methods for making payments to stakeholders, contractors and employees.
jaishankars comments came a day after prime minister narendramodi had said that connectivity in itself cannot override or undermine the sovereignty of other nations.
villagers park and eshwar said that the railway connectivity to bhadravathi will help the villagers.
effort is to make india a better place and to have people recognise their potential, pm modi said.
modi said myanmar is 'india's gateway to asean' and favoured greater connectivity between the two countries and beyond.
describing tagore as timeless, gandhi said he speaks to us even today,whether it is on the need to nurture communal harmony,to have empathy for the poor and tribal communities,to make india economically prosperous while protecting its ecological wealth,to bring about greater equality to reach out to other asian countries especially and the world.
usof will be coming out with competitive tender to select a service provider there, telecom secretary arunasundararajan told reporters after the panel's recommendation was approved by the digital communications commission (dcc) on wednesday.
in his independence day speech, prime minister narendramodi said the government was determined to make india a $5 trillion economy in the next five years through several initiatives, including rs 100 lakh crore of investment in infrastructure.
karnataka chief minister ram said it was heartening to note that the associated journals limited is reviving national herald by launching its english website and resuming phased publication as a multi-media outlet, focussing primarily on a news presence in digital form.
basti: one lakh blocks in the country will be digitalised in the coming days, telecom minister manojsinha has said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , while inaugurating the service, said the monorail would no longer remain a joy ride but would offer last mile connectivity to the people.
taking a step forward towards the development of kalyan-dombivli as a smart city and unveiled the governments plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said, smart cities cannot be a reality unless it is adequately backed by smart planning.
patel was such a man that his family did not own a copyright over him, modi had said yesterday while inaugurating a digital exhibition on the former leader.
describing her maiden budget as the big picture of the new government and the strategy for next 10 years, ram said several steps, including higher infrastructure investment, fdi policy liberalisation and lowering of corporate tax for mid-sized companies were part of a plan to make india a $5 trillion economy.
now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency, jaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
jaishankars comments came a day after prime minister modi had said that connectivity in itself cannot override or undermine the sovereignty of other nations.
expressing the need to bridge the digital divide, pm modi said, we are living in the era of technology.
with the bjp focusing on boosting his image as a pro-poor pm, modi also asked the mps to promote and market bhim, the governments digital payment application.
by ptimumbai: reliance jio has entered into a long-term alliance with microsoft to accelerate digital transformation with the launch of new cloud data centres, ril chairman mukeshambani said on monday.
under the make in india programme,the country is building military hardware, and regulations have been changed to encourage the private sector to manufacture weapons systems, modi said.
the list of wifi hotspots has now reached 585 as we have added 75 more, gautham told ht.
to provide seamless connectivity, there will be some direct trains from andheri (east) to mira-bhayandar, said madan.
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said charging 28 per cent on e-rickshaw tyres "seems to be unfair treatment, as they have put a poor man's livelihood in the category of demerit items like digital cameras, motor vehicles, pan masala, tobacco, cigar, lottery, betting, gambling, or horse racing in race club".
defence minister manoharparrikar has said india will choose at least one more aircraft, besides the indigenous tejas, for the iaf through the 'make in india' route.
indias leading private lender icici bank aims to create 600 digital villages across the country by year-end to help indians at the hinterland adopt to electronic transactions, its ceo chandakochhar said on tuesday, .
the first 15 days is like a probation period for us as it is a huge project and the first of its kind as no city in the country has such a huge network of wifi connectivity, gautham told ht.
by ptinew delhi: prime minister modi today said the network of about three lakh common service centres, which act as access points for delivery of digital services, have bolstered employment and entrepreneurship opportunities, thus empowering citizens.
on the industrial front, prime minister narendramodi announced 'make in india', 'startup india', 'digital india' and many more things.
cashless economyon the governments move to push for a digital, cashless economy, ram said across the world people are moving towards cash and its the opposite in india.
by giving them all the pro-poor subsidies and benefits we have saved rs 36,000 crore in the last one year because of application of digital technologies, prasad said addressing the inauguration of india international trade fair in the national capital.
modi said the smart city mission aims to integrate digital technology into rapidly urbanising environment and there is already a high level of interest from the uk in projects in pune, amaravati and indore.
during an election rally in varanasi on thursday, arunjaitley said that banks have been asked to procure more point of sale machines and make it available to traders in order to facilitate digital payments.
mayor anantanarayanjena said promotion of non-motorised transport was one of the important agendas of the smart city proposal.
(pti photo)a day after prime minister modi said only by respecting the sovereignty of countries involved, can regional connectivity corridors fulfil their promise and avoid differences and discord, foreign secretary s jaishankar, in one of the sharpest comments by the government on the china pakistan economic corridor (cpec), said beijing had not been sensitive about indias sovereignty and did not consult new delhi on its $54-billion project with islamabad.
president ram (ani)new delhi: the narendra modi government is giving special focus on improving connectivity in the northeast and make life easy for the people of the region, president ram said on thursday.
watch video | find out what pm narendra modi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionannouncing these measures, finance minister arunjaitley said there has been a movement towards digital transactions from cash transactions since the government announced its decision to cancel the old notes.
municipal commissioner ram said, we will pay for the services of the two machines from our smart city funds.
only by respecting the sovereignty of countries involved, can regional connectivity corridors fulfill their promise and avoid differences and discord, modi had said in his inaugural address at the raisina dialogue.
saying that he supports digital payment, chidambaram also said that high value transitions should be digital but we should not force grocer to accept card payment.
modi said e-governance is an essential part of his digital india project.
prince ram , director (information technology), said, it is a turning point for the city beautiful which has embarked upon its journey to become a smart city.
speaking about 'make in india' initiative, modi said the initiative has emerged as a global brand.
when american president barack obama fought his first election (2008), he had taken only small donations through digital payments, arunjaitley said.
modi said that the conference brings together several delegates from central and state governments, armed forces, academia, industry and private sector while this year's themes revolves around digital governance, skill development and employability.
pushing for digital economy, modi asked the youngsters at the rally to download the bhim app and contribute to a cashless economy.
on the other hand, we have provided optical fibre connectivity in more than 1 lakh panchayats, says modi targeting the opposition congress.
political parties will be entitled to receive donations by cheque or digital mode from their donors, arunjaitley said.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath at gorakhpurs uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath at gorakhpursthe uttar pradesh government will award contracts through e-tendering to remove mafia and criminal elements , chief minister yogiadityanath said today as he pitched for digital payments to eliminate corruption.
digital assessment should hasten the evaluation, said deepak , in-charge coe.
therefore, connectivity with our neighbourhood & in the sco region is our priority, modi said.
prince dhawan , director (information technology), said, it is a turning point for the city beautiful which has embarked upon its journey to become a smart city.
referring to his government's ambitious make in india initiative, modi said 37 of the indian warships participating the fleet review were made in india and their numbers will surely rise.
announcing this, finance minister arunjaitley said political parties will be entitled to receive donations by cheque or digital mode from their donors.
earlier, prime minister modi said india supports connectivity projects that are inclusive, transparent and respect territorial sovereignty.
announcing this, finance minister arunjaitley had said political parties will be entitled to receive donations by cheque or digital mode from their donors.
consequent to the provisions under amrut, smart city mission and housing mission, there is a new churning resulting in a new conscience on the part of urban local bodies, which are the achilles tendon for effective planning and execution, ram told pti while summing up the new initiatives.
in the next 100 days, lakhs of families are going to receive crores of rupees as gift, but you will be entitled to this gift only if you make use of mobile banking, e-banking, rupay card, upi (unified payment interface), ussd (unstructured supplementary service data) for digital payments, modi said.
it would also help in direct and indirect employment generation avenues in and around the city, said mayor anantanarayanjena , adding that bhubaneswar had gained prominence especially after winning the smart city challenge in 2016.
digital pushpushing for digital transactions, modi said, everyone has right to use his or her money and no one stops them.
modi said while his government plans to bring about overall and balanced development of the northeast states, the major thrust would be on improving connectivity and developing the entire region for tourism.
(file photo)finance minister arunjaitley today said indias act east policy will help in improving connectivity and relationship with south-east and east asian countries.
india for strengthening ties with iran: pmnew delhi, dec 28, 2015, (pti) 19:56 istprime minister narendramodi today said india attaches high importance to its relations with iran and expressed keenness to further strengthen ties with it, including in the areas of trade, investment, oil and gas, connectivity and port development.
legal expert ram said, this vulgar desire to put everyone on database even before they are born is indicative of an ambition to be a digital superpower.
modi also asked the officials to ensure that the problems in voice connectivity do not extend to data connectivity in the future.
flagging off the service, chief minister sarbanandasonowal said direct air connectivity between assam and the capitals of south east asian countries was the goal of his government.
asia's richest man for industrial parks in indianew delhi: june 11, 2015, dhns 0:10 istkeen to ensure that his make-in-india campaign delivers, prime minister modi has asked wang jianlin  the richest man of asia  to expeditiously implement his dalian wanda groups mega-investment plans in india and launch the first project by 2017.
in his independence day speech, prime minister modi said the government was determined to make india a $5 trillion economy in the next five years through several initiatives, including rs 100 lakh crore of investment in infrastructure.
speaking to reporters in bangalore on monday, transport minister ram said karnataka state road transport corporation (ksrtc) will be purchasing 1,300 buses in the coming months to improve connectivity in the state.
my governments aim is to realise that dream, modi said while speaking at the prize distribution function of the month-long digidhan contest launched in december for users of the digital transaction mode.
earlier, yogiadityanath said that the temple town here will soon have air connectivity with mumbai and nepal's capital kathmandu.
mayor anantanarayanjena said the construction of the four-lane roads was part of the smart city's railway station multi-modal hub project.
s h naregal , special officer for hubballi-dharwad smart city limited, told toi that the tender process has been completed for developing mg park.
s h naregal , special officer, hubballi-dharwad smart city ltd, said they intend to modernize the gallery by completely renovating it and providing amenities that are needed by artists.
the sister city link that began in 2012 will go a long way in strengthening collaboration between the two cities, one of which has a rich knowledge and technology-based economy, while another has a golden treasure of ancient art, culture, heritage and unique architecture, said mayor anantanarayanjena , defining bhubaneswar's transformation as a smart city in the recent past.
in his independence day address, prime minister modi announced an ambitious mission of sending an indian astronaut to space by 2022, which would make india the fourth nation in the world to do so.
targeted at english speaking audiences, global opinion makers and influences and the indian diaspora, the digital channel will change the narrative that presents india as a constant point of conflict between hindu nationalists and so-called secularism, said a surya park , prasar bharti chairman who also headed the committee.
danish ashraf , nodal officer for smart city mission and sdm (east), said, people are coming up with complaints, problems, suggestions and ideas but till now, we have not received any idea from residents welfare associations.
(pti photo)with chinese president xi jinping listening in, prime minister modi said on friday that connectivity projects in the region should respect territorial integrity and sovereignty, and it is essential to maintain inclusivity and sustainability.
15 (pti): prime minister narendramodi on friday said his pet digital india initiative is a war against touts and middlemen, helping check blackmoney and black marketing while creating immense job opportunities in small towns and rural areas.
(ap photo)prime minister modi on tuesday here asked the iits, iiits and other technical institutions to create an atmosphere for boosting up the make in india campaign so that the country could not only step in a big way to manufacture defence equipment, but also lead the world in ensuring cyber security and supply skilled manpower globally in the next few years.
also, lieutenant governor anilbaijal had repeatedly told us during review meetings that enhancing property tax is crucial for sdmc to generate money for smart city projects.
modi said the digital technology was introducing transparency and eliminating corruption through innovations such as the government e-marketor gem.
siddaramaiah said he will be meeting the president to invite him to inaugurate the digital governance programme of the state government.
varanasi/new delhi: in what appeared to be a dig at the opposition, prime minister modi on tuesday asked people to give the right punishment at the right time to those who mocked the countrys first semi high-speed train, vande bharat express , and the governments make in india programme.
civil flight operations from darbhanga airport can start in six months as part of the udan (ude desh ka aam nagrik) scheme to develop regional airports and flight connectivity launched by the centre, deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said on wednesday.
session of the sco summit +qingdao: prime minister modi said today that connectivity with the neighbourhood and in the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) region is india's priority as he stressed that his country was committed to extend full cooperation to a successful outcome of the summit.
mtsu project director ups madan said,consultants would soon be appointed to study the transport connectivity to the airport.
expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, digidhan movement.
new delhi: asserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arunjaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
taking a dig at critics of digital economy, arunjaitley said this will provide adequate response to ill-informed criticism that digital space would only be occupied by credit card revolution.
modi said better connectivity would help the country's youth who, given the opportunity, could change the fate and picture of india.
we welcome such new connectivity projects that are inclusive, sustainable and transparent and which respect the sovereignty and territorial integrity of nations, modi said in his address during the plenary session of the sco summit sunday.
noting that india had carried out nuclear tests on buddha purnima on may 11, 1998, when bjp stalwart atal bihari vajpayee was the prime minister, modi said youths need to imbibe vajpayees mantra of jai vigyan (hail science) to make india modern and strong.
pm modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
retired town planner ram said: the challenge of achieving the target of getting selected for smart city category is colossal.
modi says asean countries can be great partnersnay pyi taw, nov 13, 2014, dhns: 0:19 istbuilding ties: prime minister invites 10-nation bloc to be part of india's economic journeyasserting that india and asean have no irritants in their ties and can be great partners, prime minister modi on wednesday said there will be major improvement in indias trade policy and environment and proposed a special facility for speedy implementation of connectivity projects with the 10-nation bloc.
modi had yesterday said only by respecting the sovereignty of countries involved, can regional connectivity corridors fulfil their promise and avoid differences and discord.
while some analysts have said the plans will raise infosyss cost burden and impact its margins, deputy chief operating officer kumarravi said it would make indias second-biggest software services company nimbler.
the work, which includes repair of water tank, toilets, upgrade of the diving platform and ticket counter, is expected to be completed within two-and-half months, informed s h naregal , special officer, hubballi-dharwad smart city ltd sources said that the facility will get an open gym, deck for meditation, childrens play area, litter bins, drinking water dispensers and rainwater harvesting pit.
to harness the potential of our youth, we want to make india the top start-up destination in the world, modi said.
pti photoasserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arun jaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
talking about one of the governments pet projects- the make in india initiative, modi said that the rbi can help in that project as well by concentrating on printing our currency locally.
gandhi said not a single person has benefitted by the prime ministers promises of controlling inflation, depositing rs. 15 lakh in the accounts of each citizen and upgrading certain towns to smart city.
the enhanced rail connectivity will facilitate movement of people and make mineral resources more accessible to industries, modi said and added that apart from railways, the governments focus is also on national highways.
addressing the public after inaugurating the new airport, babu said world class aviation infrastructure will be created in the state for reliable and seamless air connectivity to regional, national and international destinations by 2022.
modi said his government's efforts were directed towards establishing a network of small scale industries in villages according to a make in india plan so that the youth did not have to migrate in search of a livelihood.
modi asked zuckerberg to promote indias rich tourism potential through facebook and help enhance internet literacy along with connectivity.
there is no reason why chinese companies should not take advantage of indias make in india initiative, pranabmukherjee told chairman of the standing committee of the national peoples congress of china zhang dejiang on monday.
it isolated obsolete ideas, arunjaitley said at the icici bank's digital village adoption programme.
by express news servicenew delhi:telecom secretary arunasundararajan on tuesday said that india will be all set to roll-out a new policy for high-speed 5g connectivity by june this year.
modi said it would provide connectivity to the region besides employment to the local youths.
i am happy that 510 km of broad gauge rail connectivity have been completed on north bank of brahmaputra, modi said, accusing gogoi for betraying the people of assam for 15 years.
on our part, we see afghanistan as the hub for strengthening links of connectivity between south asia and central asia, modi said.
mayor anantanarayanjena said janpath would see all-round development in the smart city project.
describing the maiden direct international flight from mohali international airport as a red letter day, punjab chief minister park today said that it was a step further towards emerging the state as 'hub of air connectivity' thereby immensely benefiting the punjabi diaspora settled across the globe.
watch what else is making newspresenting the delhi budget for 2017-18, deputy chief minister manishsisodia said the cut in vat on atf will be applicable for direct flights between delhi and remote areas identified under the regional connectivity scheme (rcs) as per prescribed conditions.
new delhi: asserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arun jaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
jaitley said the demonetisation, coupled with the implementation of gst, will make india a single market instead of 30 different markets in the states, facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country.
pm modi also asked the youth to download bhim app for making digital payments.
prime minister narendramodi (pti photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti photo)prime minister narendramodi on thursday said the low-cost regional air connectivity scheme launched yesterday by him will benefit many small towns while catering to the middle class and the neo-middle class.
modi and his minions claimed demonetisation will end black money, finish corruption, terminate terrorism, and bring only digital transactions.
maneka gandhi said the 'beti bachao, beti padhao' campaign was the fourth major initiative of the modi government after jandhan yojna, swachh bharat abhiyan and make in india campaign.
pitching the use of bhim app to make digital transactions, modi once again, asked the people to teach others how to use the app.
the governments intention is also to increase digital transaction and ensure that more and more people migrate to digital money, said das.
we value each and every person who is working to make india stronger, modi said.
i want to see people who wear hawaii chappals (rubber slippers) in a hawai jahaaz (aircraft), modi said at the launch of the regional connectivity scheme (rcs), also called ude desh ka aam nagrik (udan).
modi says asean countries can be great partnersnay pyi taw, nov 13, 2014, dhns: 0:19 istbuilding ties: prime minister invites 10-nation bloc to be part of india's economic journeyasserting that india and asean have no irritants in their ties and can be great partners, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said there will be major improvement in indias trade policy and environment and proposed a special facility for speedy implementation of connectivity projects with the 10-nation bloc.
inaugurating the administrative headquarters of the smart city, auric hall, modi said aurangabad is not only becoming a new smart city but is also going to become a centre of the nation's industrial activities, and once fully operational, it will create lakhs of jobs.
in his budget speech, arunjaitley said the exemption is being provided for one year from the date of commencement of operations of the regional connectivity scheme as notified by the ministry of civil aviation.
lucknow has been given rs 119 crore, while rs 107 crore each has been given to agra, kanpur and varanasi, naidu said, adding that rs 2 crore have been given to meerut and rae bareli for sending a proposal under the smart city mission.
saying that he was ridiculed when he first pitched for digital payments, modi said the experiences narrated by the beneficiaries were a befitting reply to such naysayers.
for connectivity initiatives and for success and approval of the projects, sovereignty and regional integrity must be respected while inclusivity and sustainability are essential, modi said.
(ani)talks with russian president vladimir putin on wednesdaytwo-hour tete-a-tete on board a shipvladivostok: india and russia are against outside influence in the internal matters of any nation, prime minister modi said afterduring which they discussed ways to bolster cooperation in trade and investment, oil and gas, nuclear energy, defence, space and maritime connectivity.
in jammu and kashmir,we have made remarkable progress in the last few years under the leadership and personal interest taken by our prime ministerthe launch of rail services in the valley is an example of how much infrastructure and connectivity have expandedtourism has been floursing, gandhi said.
(representational image) the drive for digital payment channels and financial inclusion will ensure direct benefit transfers to indians and will bring them in formal financial system, naidu said.
(pti photo)the nda government at the centre is keen on reducing isolation of the northeastern states through its ambitious act east policy for all-round connectivity of the region, prime minister modi said in shillong on friday.
karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said it was heartening to note that the associated journals limited is reviving national herald by launching its english website and resuming phased publication as a multi-media outlet, focussing primarily on a news presence in digital form.
heaping further praise on singh,gandhi said at the meeting if there is any one person who can make india,it is rajnath singh.
political parties will be entitled to receive donations by cheque or digital mode from their donors, arunjaitley said in his union budget for 2017-18.
we also discussed how to align our defence relations to india's own priorities, including make in india, modi said.
as we want the new 2 petaflops machine to be a make in india initiative, we have approached the centre for development of advanced computing (c-dac) for assistance, said dr k park , director, vikram sarabhai space centre (vssc), thumba.
promoting the  make in india idea, modi said that the union government would emphasise on indigenous manufacturing defence equipment.
interacting with beneficiaries of the various digital india efforts, modi said the initiative was launched with an objective of bringing benefits of technology to people, especially in rural areas.
we must make the transactions cost-effective and strengthen cloud servers on the bank side, andhra pradesh chief minister naidu , who heads the panel, said after submitting an interim report on digital payments to prime minister narendra modi.
referring to smart city, modi said, for the first time in india, a challenge was being floated, in which the citizens of urban india could contribute in the formulation of development visions of their cities.
by aninew delhi: prime minister narendra modi led bjp government at the centre made agustawestland a part of 'make in india' by removing the firm from the list of blacklisted helicopter design and manufacturing companies, said congress spokesperson randeepsinghsurjewala on sunday.
initiatives like the international north-south transport corridor, chabahar port and ashgabat agreement clarify the focus of india on connectivity, modi said.
describing the maiden direct international flight from mohali international airport as a red letter day, punjab chief minister park on thursday said that it was a step further towards emerging the state as hub of air connectivity thereby immensely benefiting the punjabi diaspora settled across the globe.
now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency, arunjaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
modi reportedly told a news channel on saturday that he used a digital camera in 1987 or 1988, took a photo of senior bjp leader l.k. advani and mailed it to him.
all connectivity, mr modi said, will have to be built on bridges of trust and respect for sovereignty without placing nations under an impossible debt burden  again, a clear nod to bri that india has opposed and has brought with it a debt trap for several countries, including some of indias neighbours.
as the market zoomed after sitharaman unveiled another clutch of measures to boost the sagging economy, modi said announcements in the last few weeks clearly demonstrate that his government is leaving no stone unturned to make india a better place to do business and improve opportunities for all sections of society.
new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday announced lucky draw schemes for people who use digital payment methods including e-banking, mobile banking and e-wallets.
modi said the country had over the past few months witnessed an atmosphere in which people had in large numbers participated in the digidhan movement for digital payments.
speaking on the occasion, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said: my vision for digital maharashtra is to digitally empower every citizen and increase the state's global competitiveness by creating a highly skilled workforce.
modiji brags about start-up india and make in india, but he can give jobs to only one lakh youth a year in the country which is about 450 jobs a day, gandhi said.
this will make digital payments easy even for those who cannot read or write, thus realizing ambedkar's vision of social and financial empowerment for all, said modi.
naidu said today a historic day with pm modi releasing 100 digital files relating to netaji bose.
some more files are there which would be declassified soon, ram said, adding that the declassified files have been put on digital display at the national archives of india.
cycle tracks would also be identified for this system, and making some congested roads near the market as nmt zones would also help a lot, says hubballi-dharwad smart city limited (hdscl) special officer s h naregal.
when a student asked how the governments digital india programme would succeed when several parts of the country were facing shortage in electricity, modi said it was a dream to see 24x7 power supply across the country by 2022.
23: prime minister modi today said his government was determined to make india an international arbitration hub for the resolution of domestic and global commercial disputes.
for promoting digital transactions there is a need to popularise rupay card among people, bihar cm nitishkumar said.
about 40 mobile phone making plants have started since modi announced make in india in september 2014.
for the success and approval of the connectivity initiatives and proposals, sovereignty and territorial integrity should be respected, and inclusivity and sustainability is essential, said modi , as un secretary general antonio guterres looked on.
meanwhile, jain said in order to check illegal activities like booth capturing, money distribution and bogus voting, webcasting will be introduced in 150 booths which are considered critical and where there is no connectivity.
modi said that global universities would come to do research on results of the digital transaction programme.
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said the issue could be resolved if gst compliance structure is simplified and government programmes are designed to achieve a robust digital literacy in the long run".
he also said that after prime minister modi announced the make in india campaign, there is healthy competition among states, which is a good sign.
we will make available our space assets and technology, modi said while also promising to work to reduce digital divide within africa and between africa and the rest of the world.
we want to deepen the focus on connectivity, pm modi said at the summit.
addressing a mammoth bharata gellisi (make india win) rally here on friday, modi told the crowd that sardar vallabhbhai patel is known for integrating india by bringing hundreds of princely states into the union of india after independence.
we want to get to this world in the future where you eventually have glasses or contact lenses where you can mix digital or physical objects in the digital world, markzuckerberg said.
speaking about 'make in india' initiative, modi said the initiative has emerged as global brand.
smart city projects executive engineer ram said that they will be finalizing an agency for the same soon.
the new encryption adds another security layer to the hardware at a time when such devices are all set to take the centre stage in biometric-based digital payments.
digital payments will help fight corruption and proliferation of black money, said pm modi.
ram said that a digital mammography provides electronic images of the breasts, which can be enhanced by computer technology, stored on computers, and even transmitted electronically in situations where remote access to the mammogram is required.
hence, there is a need for improving train connectivity between the two states to ameliorate the hardship and inconvenience faced by the public, naveenpatnaik said.
nirmala ram , union minister of state for commerce and industries, said the government had decided to include the medical device sector among the 25 flagship industries to boost the make in india programme and reduce imports.
2 1/2 yrs back, prime minister modi asked everything to join swacch bharat, the drama continued for a few days; then make in india, skill india.
new delhi: feb 2, 2017, dhns 2:36 istheralding massive reforms in electoral funding, finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said donations to political parties above rs 2,000 will have to be made either by cheque or digital mode of payment.
government will make india business, investment-friendly: chidambaramnew delhi, feb 28, 2013 (ians) 12:13 istindia welcomes foreign capital for growth and easing the high current account deficit, and the government will do everything to clearly communicate its policies that facilitate overseas investment, finance minister ram said thursday.
chhattisgarh was earlier known for forests and tribals, now its known for smart city naya raipur, said modi , adding that his government is working towards increasing income of tribals and those living in backward areas.
unique identification authority of india (uidai), the nodal body responsible for rolling out the aadhaar programme in the country, has also come out in favour of incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions, in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents, in a bid to promote aadhaar-based payment system in rural pockets.
new delhi: ahead of his departure to astana, kazakhstan, on thursday to attend the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit, prime minister modi on wednesday said full membership of the sco will help india in terms of connectivity and economic and counter-terror cooperation with the eurasian bloc.
new delhi, july 1, 2015 (pti) 20:48 istarticulating global worries over cyber security, prime minister modi today said india should come up with solutions to meet the challenge posed by this threat of bloodless war as he launched a digital campaign to which top companies pledged rs 4.
asserting that india is moving towards less-cash and a digital economy, modi asked mps to spread awareness about it in a similar manner they do so about evms and voters-list during elections.
new delhi, dhns: 2:25 istprime minister narendramodi on saturday said his forthcoming visits to france, germany and canada next month were primarily aimed at promoting the make-in-india initiative, seeking investment and creating job opportunities for youths.
modi also said that sweden has been a strong partner in indias make in india mission.
states get free hand in clean india missionnew delhi, oct 23, 2014, dhns: 1:00 istprime minister narendramodi has asked officials to ensure as much freedom as possible for the states in the implementation of the swacch bharat mission he recently launched to make india clean by 2019.
addressing a gathering at fintech festival in singapore , pm modi said that digital payments are a gateway to a world of possibilities, adding that they increase the productivity of individuals and our economy.
prime minister modi (source: pti photo/file) prime minister modi (source: pti photo/file)as part of his push for digital payments, prime minister modi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments bharat interface for money (bhim) app for transactions.
prime minister lofven had participated in our make in india programme in 2016 along with a big business delegation, pm modi said while delivering the joint statement with his swedish counterpart stefan lofven following bilateral talks in stockholm this afternoon.
therefore, connectivity with our neighbourhood and in the sco region is our priority, says pm modi while addressing the plenary session of the summit.
prime minister lofven had participated in our 'make in india' programme in 2016 along with a big business delegation, modi said.
on regional connectivity, modi said physical connectivity for trade, transit and energy will be restored and noted that the international north south transport corridor opens a competitive and quick route for india to eurasia.
union finance minister arunjaitley told the bjp mps that the demonetisation would help india embrace digital economy.
stressing on connectivity, modi said bangladesh's decision to allow transit of power equipment and foodgrain to the northeast echoes the strength of your human values and our shared economic opportunities.
mayor anantanarayanjena said the civic body was committed to providing quality services to the citizens in the smart city.
while reviewing the national optical fibre network, modi said the emerging digital connectivity network, which will connect thousands of gram-panchayats within the next few months, should be backed up by appropriate governance steps, so that it can lead to better quality of life and greater empowerment of people in the rural areas.
my meeting with pm david cameron focused on defence cooperation, make in india and other key issues, modi said in a tweet before he left for saudi arabia after two days of engagement with world leaders during the nss here.
new delhi: commerce and industry minister ram said the union budget for 2017-18 provides renewed impetus to the governments make in india initiative, manufacturing, and export infrastructure.
new delhi: the indian it industry will have to step up on innovation amid challenges like need for new products, digital disruption and shrinking manpower requirements triggered by software automation, vice president hamidansari said on saturday while inaugurating the new headquarters of the national association of software services companies in noida.
speaking at the inauguration of reach 3b of namma metro here on friday, ram said that the new projects provide metro connectivity for a distance of 223 km and are estimated to cost rs 83,000 crore.
and across the states, we find an urge now, that they want to get out of the rigmarole and see brighter ways, ram said, adding that the roll out of the gst, aadhar platform and mobile connectivity were creating conditions for inclusive growth.
new delhi, dec 12, 2015 (pti) 12:46 istprime minister narendramodi today said the 'make in india' initiative has become a movement in japan and the island nation has created a fund of about usd 12 billion for it.
citing chinas ascendancy as the second largest economy in the world largely on its success in science and technology, modi said equal attention has been given to r&d in make in india campaign.
this will improve the functioning of toll plazas, digital payments, das said.
the satellite will prove to be a boon in the progress of the entire (south asia) region as it will facilitate natural resources mapping, tele-medicine, information technology connectivity and people-to-people contact, prime minister modi said on sunday in his mann ki baat radio programme.
it will bolster road connectivity in the northeast as the bridge will be used by people of assam and arunachal pradesh besides defence forces extensively, assam chief minister sarbanandasonowal told pti.
'make in india' happening in karnataka: siddaramaiahbengaluru, jan 7, 2016, (ians) 13:45 istchief minister siddaramaiah has said that make in india is happening in karnataka, citing the investments the state has attracted.
in a letter, chief minister naveenpatnaik said the operationalisation of this project will contribute to the make in india and digital india initiatives by the union government, stating that in both these programmes, the information technology (it), it-enabled service (ites) and the electronics system designing and manufacturing (esdm) were the major thrust areas.
modi told the gathering of business leaders that through the 'make in india' initiative, his government is committed to transforming the country as a major player in the global value chain.
new delhi, dec 12, 2015 (pti) 12:46 istprime minister modi today said the 'make in india' initiative has become a movement in japan and the island nation has created a fund of about usd 12 billion for it.
president park and i see vast opportunities for korean companies to participate in our 'make in india' mission, modi said and invited korean investments in areas like ship building, including lng tankers, besides defence equipment.
modi said that is the reason why this smart city concept was evolved through public participation and stressed that if people are empowered and involved in participatory development the country would develop faster.
on the occasion, union minister m venkaiah babu said that the demonetisation was also a part of the digital india.
in his address, in presence of president xi, modi said indias commitment to connectivity projects is reflected in its involvement in international north south corridor project, development of the chabahar port and the ashgabat agreement.
talking about connectivity to north-east, modi said: infrastructure is the most important factor to develop north- east.
india has strong infrastructure and one of the best aadhar-enabled payment systems in the world which is besed on fingerprints, naidu said, calling it a low hanging fruit in course of the switchover to digital mode.
while discussing many new defence projects with putin, modi has asked for the alignment of india-russia defence relations with india's own priorities, including 'make in india'.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said small traders and businesses will get a tax advantage of more than 30 per cent for digital transactions.
earlier, modi after talks with putin said they discussed ways to bolster cooperation in trade and investment, oil and gas, nuclear energy, defence, space and maritime connectivity.
however, chief minister j jayalalithaa announced that this will change once direct connectivity between koyambedu and the airport is established.
new delhi, july 1, 2015 (pti) 20:48 istarticulating global worries over cyber security, prime minister narendramodi today said india should come up with solutions to meet the challenge posed by this threat of bloodless war as he launched a digital campaign to which top companies pledged rs 4.
even countries which are technologically far more advanced than india with comparatively much smaller size population do not have such a system in place, said pranabmukherjee , while complimenting the government for promotion of digital transactions.
they have agreed to set up an india-uk urban partnership and there are opportunities for both the countries to collaborate in the digital india and expand information convergence and people centric e-governancenew delhi: prime minister modi on monday said india and the uk can leverage technological prowess to create new opportunities, while seeking the uk businesses to invest in defence, manufacturing and aerospace sectors in india.
on france, where he goes on the first leg, modi said that he would seek greater french involvement in our make in india programme, including in the defence manufacturing sector.
describing the maiden direct international flight from mohali international airport as a red letter day, punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal on thursday said that it was a step further towards emerging the state as hub of air connectivity thereby immensely benefiting the punjabi diaspora settled across the globe.
if on one hand, we go around saying make in india, startup india and digital india and want to attract foreigninvestors, we cant do so if we are condoning hatred in india at the same time, shashitharoor said in reference to the flagship schemes launched by the narendra modi-led government.
by ptiwashington: digital technologies offer a hope in the fight against corruption which is a problem in every single country of the world, world bank president jimyongkim has said.
digital video discdeputy director for information and public relations a r park , also working president of dasara film festival sub-committee, told deccan herald, a technical error was noticed in the digital video disc (dvd) of the film received here.
hyderabad: in the current situation, when prime minister narendra modi is urging every individual in the country to go cashless and opt the digital path, the role of software industry becomes all the more important and relevant, it minister kt ram said.
i look forward to deepening india's association with the sco which will help us in economic, connectivity and counter-terrorism cooperation, among other things, prime minister modi said in a statement yesterday.
in his monthly radio address to the nation 'mann ki baat', modi on the occasion of christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of rs 1,000 each by a lucky draw.
by ptithimphu: prime minister modi on sunday said the students in bhutan have the power and potential to do extraordinary things, which will impact future generations, as he proposed extensive cooperation between the two countries in new areas such as space and digital payments.
talking about the importance of linking the region with transport corridors, modi said connectivity does not only mean geographical link but it should ensure people-to-people contact.
modi told this correspondent on tuesday that the regular lawyers would be provided digital id card.
digital india has checked black money and black marketing and uprooted middlemen, modi said.
noting that india had carried out nuclear tests on buddha purnima on may 11 in 1998, when bjp stalwart atal bihari vajpayee was prime minister, modi said youths need to imbibe vajpayee's mantra of 'jai vigyan' (hail science) to make india modern and strong.
therefore, connectivity with our neighbourhood and in the sco region is our priority, modi said.
prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo/file) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo/file)as part of his push for digital payments, prime minister narendramodi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments bharat interface for money (bhim) app for transactions.
b'related news swedish prime minister stefanlofven to visit indiawith sweden already having 160 enterprises across india, swedish prime minister stefanlofven said at the make in india conference on saturday that his country has long-lasting relations with india, and that sweden is here for the long term.
for this, we will have to develop systems to ensure mobility, connectivity, productivity, safety and sustainability, modi said at an event held at a convention centre in the bandra-kurla complex (bkc).
for this, success and approval of the connectivity initiatives and proposals, sovereignty and territorial integrity should be respected, and inclusivity and sustainability is essential, said modi , as un secretary general antonio guterres looked on.
dumka dc mukeshkumar said he had asked bsnl officials to ensure uninterrupted connectivity at raj bhavan and das did not order the detention of the officials.
when modi asked the country to try out digital payments following the governments demonetisation move, kumar took on the cudgels to make palnar cashless.
prem nath pandeyhaving already asked bjp legislators to be in election mode, prime minister narendramodi on friday asked party mps from states governed by opposition parties to focus on the youth and use the digital platform to reach out to them ahead of 2019 lok sabha elections.
expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, 'digidhan' movement.
addressing the public after inaugurating the new airport, naidu said world class aviation infrastructure will be created in the state for reliable and seamless air connectivity to regional, national and international destinations by 2022.
briefing about the cabinet meeting, finance minister arunjaitley said the preference to the domestic manufactured goods would be given under the government procurement preference to make in india order 2017.
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said charging 28 percent on e-rickshaw tyres "seems to be unfair treatment, as they have put a poor man's livelihood in the category of demerit items like digital cameras, motor vehicles, pan masala, tobacco, cigar, lottery, betting, gambling, or horse racing in race club".
mtnl regularly promotes landline and broadband services through print, advertising, fm channels, outdoors and digital media and regularly gives attractive tariffs and offers to customers, communications minister manojsinha said in a written reply in the rajya sabha.
the government will take many more innovative steps to make assam the first state to achieve the target of 100 per cent cashless and digital transactions, sonowal said.
(file photo)defence minister manoharparrikar today said it was not his concern that some companies like boeing and lockheed martin could find themselves torn between the slogans of america first of us president donald trump and make in india of prime minister narendra modi.
promising to change the face of assam by ushering in all-round development, modi said the centre has spent rs 12,000 crore on road connectivity and has sanctioned funds for four-lane highway from kaliabor tiniali-dholabari, jamugari-bishwanath chariali and bishwanath chariali-gohpur area.
meghwal said that after the demonetisation move, the digital transactions at petrol pumps have shown a remarkable increase.
on the occasion, union minister m naidu said that the demonetisation was also a part of the digital india.
b'for promoting digital transactions there is a need to popularise rupay card among people, bihar cm nitishkumar said.
japan is also at the forefront of engaging in our national initiatives, such as 'make in india', 'skill india', 'digital india', 'start-up india' japanese investors have faith in india's economic future, which is marked with myriad opportunities, modi said.
seba chairman jain today said they have so far digitalised the documents dated between 2011 and 2016.
advertisingwe both are against outside influence in internal matters of any nation, modi said at the joint press meet in vladivostok, where india and russia signed 15 mous for cooperation in connectivity, oil and gas, deep-sea exploration, space, energy and others.
in the budget for 2017-18, finance minister arunjaitley said a digigaon initiative will be launched to provide tele-medicine, education and skills through digital technology.
even new libraries, which will have both digital access and hard copies, will be set up at heritage sites in cities for children, said kt ram , explaining about the steps taken by government to make internet accessible to all in hyderabad.
describing the maiden direct international flight from mohali international airport as a red letter day, punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal today said that it was a step further towards emerging the state as 'hub of air connectivity' thereby immensely benefiting the punjabi diaspora settled across the globe.
*warning people of digital fraud, prime minister modi said people should be wary of calls and messages that ask for investments which would lead to huge profits .
the new generation believes in digital payments, modi said in his monthly radio programme mann ki baat.
modi said in qingdao that india's commitment to connectivity is visible nevertheless in the international north-south transport corridor, the development of the chabahar port in iran, to which india, iran and afghanistan are signatories, and participation in specific projects like the ashgabat agreement, a multimodal transport agreement between india, iran, kazakhstan, oman, turkmenistan and uzbekistan.
on ensuring better net connectivity, markzuckerberg said internet.org will be made widely available with solar-powered planes to beam down connectivity.
it's a matter of great happiness for me that today, you are working in an even larger number in india, modi said while addressing 'make in india: india-japan partnership in africa and digital partnership' seminar in tokyo on monday.
as the centre is keen to strengthen the digital payment infrastructure and grievance handling mechanisms, arunjaitley said the focus would be on rural and semi-urban areas through post offices, fair price shops and banking correspondents.
on indo-german ties, modi said india sees germany as an important partner in the national flagship programmes of make in india, skill india, start-up india, clean india and smart cities.
the make in india mittelstand (miim) launched to encourage german small and medium industry (sme) to india has evoked major interest in germany, giving further boost to bilateral business ties, prime minister narendramodi said on tuesday.
|reutersmumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said that his administration is trying to bring all government services on to the smartphone to effect the massive digital transformation which the state is slated to achieve in the next few years.
on connectivity, modi told the gathering that approval had been given to expand the runway of umroi airport on the outskirts of shillong.
addressing a public meeting at the assam rifles ground here, modi said the north east special infrastructure scheme (nesis) would focus on physical infrastructure  water supply, power, connectivity and tourism  and social sector  education and health.
(pti)udhampur: while some kashmiris were busy throwing rocks, others were cutting through mountains to bring development to jammu and kashmir, prime minister modi said on sunday and congratulated the youth of the state for the chenani-nashri tunnel that he inaugurated for better connectivity between the troubled valley with the rest of india.
the satellite will prove to be a boon in the progress of the entire (south asia) region as it will facilitate natural resources mapping, tele-medicine, information technology connectivity and people-to-people contact, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday in his mann ki baat radio programme.
session of the sco summit +qingdao: prime minister narendramodi said today that connectivity with the neighbourhood and in the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) region is india's priority as he stressed that his country was committed to extend full cooperation to a successful outcome of the summit.
earlier, prime minister narendramodi said india supports connectivity projects that are inclusive, transparent and respect territorial sovereignty.
in a bid to promote aadhaar-based payment system, especially in rural pockets, uidai has favoured incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions, in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents.
taking a dig at the previous governments, modi said his government's first priority was to make india corruption free, citizen-centric and development friendly.
reviewing the shipping ministrys performance, modi said the sagarmala project should lead to port-led development and become a major link for his make in india vision, which envisages a jump in indias global trade.
union finance minister arun jaitely told the bjp mps that the demonetisation would help india embrace digital economy.
gandhi said the 'make in india' scheme of the government has failed to create jobs or attract investment and unemployment was rampant.
gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (source: pti, file) gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (source: pti, file)gujarat chief minister vijayrupani on sunday said cashless india, digital india and clean india are the projects very dear to prime minister narendra modi and vadodara is taking steps in that direction.
there will be no charge on use of debit cardsthe move will help in greater penetration of digital transactions into our economy and hope that more and more people will move to digital transactions, said das.
india has strong infrastructure and one of the best aadhar-enabled payment systems in the world which is besed on fingerprints, babu said, calling it a low hanging fruit in course of the switchover to digital mode.
by ptinew delhi: hitting back at rahul gandhi over his dig at the make in india programme after vande bharat train experienced trouble during its initial run, union minister piyushgoyal said the congress president has insulted india's intelligence and hard work by mocking the initiative.
pointing out that india is witnessing historic transformations in a wide range of sectors, prime minister modi said india is keen to cooperate extensively in new frontiers, from schools to space, digital payments to disaster management.
modi said several projects were launched in west bengal to improve connectivity.
modi said better connectivity would help the countrys youth who, given the opportunity, could change the fate and picture of india.
now there will be less cash transaction and an increase in digital currency, jaitley said.
new delhi: the centre told the supreme court on tuesday that citizens could not claim absolute right over their body parts and refuse to give digital samples of their fingerprints and iris for aadhaar enrolment the concept of absolute right over one's body was a myth and there were various laws which put restrictions on such a right, attorney general mukul rohatgi told a bench of justices a k sikri and ashok bhushan.
this will improve the functioning of toll plaza, digital payments, das said.
modi said in the past four-and-a-half-years, his government has constantly stressed on infrastructure and speed of connectivity through highways, railways, airways, waterways and i-way.
gandhi said that in parliament he had asked modi four questions on his promises of bringing back black money and depositing rs 15 lakh in everybody's bank account, the recent budget proposal of turning black money to white, rohith vemula's suicide, kanhaiya kumar and jnu and finally about the number of youths employed as a result of his 'make in india' scheme.
reacting to this development, former chief minister omarabdullah said, the irony of listening to prime minister (narendra) modi lecturing about connected digital india while we are totally disconnected.
microsoft ceo satyanadella said the combination of jios leading connectivity and digital solutions with azure, azure ai and office 365 will bring powerful tools and platforms for compute, storage, productivity and more to millions of businesses in the country.
modi said the armed forces are being rapidly modernised, and efforts are being made to increase the participation of the private sector for make in india in the defence sector.
chairing the first meeting of deputy commissioners and senior superintendents of police here, amarindersingh asked them to ensure rules are followed and urged them to go digital in order to speed-up work and monitor delays.
when asked if the government has any plans to push digital payments for funding of political parties, arunjaitley said: can i tell you this would inevitably will be a future course.
states get free hand in clean india missionnew delhi, oct 23, 2014, dhns: 1:00 istprime minister modi has asked officials to ensure as much freedom as possible for the states in the implementation of the swacch bharat mission he recently launched to make india clean by 2019.
varanasi/new delhi: in what appeared to be a dig at the opposition, prime minister narendramodi on tuesday asked people to give the right punishment at the right time to those who mocked the countrys first semi high-speed train, vande bharat express , and the governments make in india programme.
modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
we are geared up to change the lifestyle of delhiites by adopting cycling in order to bridge the last-mile connectivity gap and to reduce pollution in a way that is healthy for people, said ram , chairman of ndmc, which has tied up with smartbike mobility pvt ltd, a hyderabad-based start-up, for the project.
the make in india mittelstand (miim) launched to encourage german small and medium industry (sme) to india has evoked major interest in germany, giving further boost to bilateral business ties, prime minister modi said on tuesday.
karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said it was heartening to note that associated journals limited was reviving the national herald newspaper by launching its english website and resuming its phased publication as a multi-media outlet, focussing primarily on news in a digital form.
pointing out that a successful landing will make india the fourth country to achieve the feat, ram said, no man-made object has ever reached the landing site chosen for the lander module of chandrayaan-2.
mayor anantanarayanjena said that while taking up the terminal's renovation, they would follow the same procedure in which they were executing the smart city projects.
pm announces rs 28,000 cr for new rail projects in northeastkohima, dec 1, 2014, (pti): 14:00 istfocusing on improving connectivity to the northeast, prime minister modi today said the centre would provide rs 28,000 crore for laying new railway lines in the region and develop the untapped tourism potential of the area.
december 25, 2016in this year's last radio address to the nation 'mann ki baat', modi on the occasion of christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of rs 1,000 each by a lucky draw.
attempting to assuage their sentiments, ram said in future events it would be ensured to have the picture of the prime minister on display boards and banners of smart city project.
addressing a meeting of bjp workers at a hotel in his home district of gorakhpur on saturday, yogiadityanath said that in the recent municipal polls in delhi as well, the public proved that the meaning of evm was no more electronic voting machine but it has become every vote modithe delhi public proved that they have faith in prime minister narendra modi and in his effort to make india the biggest economic power in the world, said the chief minister.
but after the upa government came to power in 2004, the development projects did not move forward and hence all capital towns of the region still do not have proper connectivity, smritiirani said.
we can easily fight for our rights through digital india, modi said.
it is time to make a vow to make india a problem-free country, modi said.
prime minister modi (pti photo) prime minister modi (pti photo)prime minister modi on thursday said the low-cost regional air connectivity scheme launched yesterday by him will benefit many small towns while catering to the middle class and the neo-middle class.
free wi-fi and internet will be provided to imphal municipal corporation area and the service will be later expanded to other areas, including the headquarters of the hill districts to make manipur fully digital, chief minister ram said while releasing the party manifesto on monday.
