rajat mohan, director at tax consultant nangia & co, said: "gst is the biggest change that our country would see in last 50 years.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said the goods and service tax (gst) has stabilised in a very short time that provides an opportunity to widen its base and further rationalise the rates in the future.
prior to tabling the bill, chief minister ram said gst was the brainchild of the upa government, and it was started by then finance minister p chidambaram.
prime minister modi , who wants to make doing business easier in india, has said india needed the tax reform to end widespread evasion by businesses and prevent officials from waging arbitrary tax terrorism.
still, the best overall performance of the economy was recorded since october 2016, endorsing the standpoint that the economy is recovering from the implementation of the twin shocks of demonetisation and gst, dodhia said.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on monday said the centre and states were close to completing the first stage of gst rationalisation by removing most items from the 28  slab with a convergence of the 12  and 18  bracket being the next step in the process.
modi said gst would help to achieve the government's aim of empowering the poor.
addressing a press conference at the secretariat on friday, mr. ramakrishnudu said the central government would compensate for the loss incurred by the states due to the rolling out of the gst.
also read | gsp, trade tariffs 'already happened', time to move on, pm modi tells trumpin his opening remarks here, prime minister modi said that the trilateral meeting in osaka is a useful medium of discussion and coordination on major global issues.
badungar said all purchases made at these sikh shrines should be exempted from gst and requested the union government to consider it.
captain abhimanyu said the haryana government agreed with the empowered committee recommendation that full gst compensation be paid at least for five years through an independent mechanism, which should be in-built in the constitution.
mr. ramakrishnudu said he would take to the notice of union finance minister arun jaitley, who is also chairman of the gst council, the representations he received from various institutions, including the ttd, seeking exemption under the gst.
addressing members of the textile industry, smritiirani said, i had meeting with the members of the textile industry and finance minister piyush goyal to discuss the issue of refund of igst.
modi said that traders dont have to wait for the next budget anymore as the gst council has the power to revise the slab every two months.
chandigarh: chief minister amarindersingh on wednesday announced waiver of the state governments 50  share in the goods and services tax (gst) on community kitchen (langar) at golden temple, durgiana temple, bhagwan valmiki tirath and key shrines of the other communities.
gst council has reduced tax rates of 66 items as against representations received for 133 items, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters here after the 16th meeting of the gst council.
in his speech, president pranabmukherjee said gst would boost economic efficiency.
after the implementation of gst, as per our initial estimation, the state may see a short fall of rs 2,900 crore in revenue," ramakrishnudu told pti".
in the backdrop of the industry's demand to reduce the proposed gst rates of 5 per cent, 12 per cent, 18 per cent and 28 per cent after demonetisation, cbec chairman najib shah said the centre and the states collected rs 8 lakh crore from indirect taxes, minus customs duty, and the same level of revenue had to be collected in the gst regime.
hoping that goods and services tax (gst) will be introduced from july 1, jaitley said a consensus has been arrived at between the centre and states on most of the contentious issues in the gst council meeting.
asked whether the central gst and the integrated gst bills would come up before parliament during the winter session, arunjaitley said, that is the effort.
it was at the cms initiative that i had accepted the post of chairman of the empowered committee of state fms (2011-13), which spearheaded the implementation of gst, said bjp leader sushil kumar modi.
see the rationale behind passing gst, arunjaitley said at a conclave here.
as revenue secretary, adhia's term witnessed the introduction of a nationwide indirect tax egime, evolving a centre-states consensus on the multiple gst laws and drafting the rules and fixing tariffs that made it possible to meet the deadline of july 1, 2017 for the gst roll-out, arunjaitley said.
mohan said the government is eyeing world-class implementation of gst".
drabu said while there were no exemptions under the gst, the businesses in jammu and kashmir and northeast will continue to enjoy these benefits in the shape of reimbursements.
finance minister arunjaitley said on wednesday he is hopeful of rolling out the biggest tax reform gst from july 1 that will make goods and services cheaper and tax evasion difficult.
jairam ram (congress) said no one government can take credit for gst.
taking an indirect dig at bjp-ruled states, siddaramaiah said as many as 24 states and one union territory have agreed to implement gst, but initially gujarat, madhya pradesh and rajasthan were against it.
pti photo/pibprime minister narendramodi on sunday said that the consensus on the goods and services tax (gst) would go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism, while crediting state chief ministers for keeping aside political and ideological differences to arrive at a common ground.
the gst council has flexibility to do so and will do so i am sure," shah said at an assocham event.
mr. ramakrishnudu said there was a reduction in effective rates on several goods under the gst, but there was no corresponding fall in the prices of goods.
kerala has asked the centre to reduce the goods and services tax (gst) rates for 24 items, finance minister t.m. thomas isaac told the assembly on tuesday.
pm modi told network 18 group editor rahul joshi that after gst all the movement of goods from one state to the other will become seamless.
addressing the officials of the commercial taxes department here on thursday, yanamala said that the state has overcome the initial troubles due to the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst).
karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said the gst bill has provision to merge the entry tax with the gst and adoption of this clause would lead to a loss to the state revenues.
that said, it remained on a weak growth trajectory amid reports that the goods and services tax (gst) was still hindering efforts to secure new clients," said aashna dodhia, economist at ihs markit, and the author of the report.
addressing the traders, gandhi said, modi has enforced 'gabbar singh tax' (gst), which has 'destroyed' your business.
in the absence of the comprehensive goods and services tax (gst), if the duty sops are removed, auto component makers will face margin pressures as they will not be able to hike prices on export products, ram said.
drabu said all necessary safeguards to section-5 of the j&k state constitution and those enshrined in article-370 of the indian constitution have been incorporated in the presidential order regarding which apprehensions were expressed by some legislators during the discussion on the gst legislation.
speaking about the power of unity, modi said, in august 2016, parties having intense political rivalry, parties which do not let go any chance to attack the other, all came together to pass the gst bill.
the government and opposition parties were thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister arun jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend demonetisation while congress president rahulgandhi said the note ban cost 1.
all traders are clear about their registration because of the programmes conducted on gst awareness by fkcci in coordination with the commercial tax department and other trade bodies," b t manohar, chairman, state tax committee, federation of karnataka chambers of commerce & industry (fkcci), said.
addressing the cii delhi state annual session today, deputy chief minister manishsisodia said he wants to set up the cell in coordination with the confederation of indian industry (cii) to help small traders understand gst which is expected to come into effect from july 1.
mr. ramakrishnudu, in the letter, said there was a reduction in effective rates of tax on several goods under the gst.
2: president pranabmukherjee today said states needed to come on board and develop an appropriate mechanism to roll out goods and services tax (gst).
while the law restrains traders from changing the maximum retail price (mrp) inclusive of all taxes, there are no guidelines for repricing the commodities in accordance with the changed tax rates in the gst regime ," said bt manohar, chairman of taxation committee and team gst of federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industry .
finance minister arunjaitley could announce tax incentives for individuals and firms to boost consumer demand, amid lingering uncertainty over the implementation of a nationwide goods and services tax, said one of the officials.
we would certainly like a good, constructive and positive gst bill to be passed in the interest of the nation, but not a bill with the kind of flaws that the nda version of the bill has, congress leader shashitharoor told ani.
we have decided to hold an informal meeting on november 20 to take a final view, finance minister arunjaitley said after a meeting of the gst council in new delhi, where state finance ministers were present.
similarly, haryana finance minister captain abhimanyu said the gst council needed to ensure that there is no increase in the price of farm goods, which have been exempted from the new levy.
all states have agreed on the rollout of gst from that date, arunjaitley said.
before the gst was rolled out, there were 65 lakh registered enterprises; the number has risen by 55 lakh, modi said.
countering him, siddaramaiah said the introduction of the state gst bill is only a formality as it has already been passed by parliament.
new delhi, mar 29, 2017, (pti) 14:08 istallaying apprehension of spike in prices of goods and commodities after the roll out of the gst, finance minister arunjaitley today said the tax rates will be kept at the current levels so as not to have any inflationary impact.
under gst, papad is not being taxed at all, while spices and masalas attract 5  tax, said 75-year-old m n ram , founder of the karnataka state pickle manufacturers association.
he said gst had been implemented in the united states already.
by uninew delhi: the gst council of state finance ministers began on saturday and may look into the issue of filing of returns and the refund processes for small and mid-size businesses and reach a consensus on taxation as prime minister modi had announced that 99 per cent of 1,200 goods and services would be brought under 18 per cent slab or less.
delhi deputy chief minister manishsisodia said that compensation law has been cleared and certain provisions of c-gst and s-gst which was approved by the law ministry have been cleared.
consensus on gst will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism, modi said.
by express news servicenew delhi: days after prime minister modi announced that gst on 99 per cent of goods and services would be brought under the tax bracket of 18 per cent or lower, the gst council on saturday decided to slash indirect tax on two dozen items.
hope to take gst legislations to parliament this session: fmnew delhi, feb 3, 2017, (pti) 19:12 istkeen to rollout the goods and services tax by july, the government plans to take the supporting legislations to parliament next month, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on friday said the number of income taxpayers can double to almost 12 crore with increased formalisation of the economy.
without arn, traders cannot get their gst identification (gstin) which is required to raise the tax invoice and bill of sale.
shrinking cong strength in rs will make gst happen: jaitleynew delhi, dec 30, 2015, (pti) 19:37 isthitting back at congress party's trinity remarks, finance minister arunjaitley today said gods don't vote in parliament, and gst will happen as the strength of main opposition party is shrinking in the rajya sabha.
it will be disastrous and that cannot be gst, it will be fooling the country, chidambaram told an interactive session with iim calcutta students on economic reforms.
with the impact of demonetisation largely over and the gst unlikely to substantially derail consumer spending, ihs markit forecast real gdp growth to hit  7.3 per cent for 2017- 18 as a whole," lima said.
on a clarification sought by bjps som prakash, amarindersingh said there would be similar waiver on the gst on langar or prasad for durgiana mandir and bhagwan valmiki tirath sthal.
by ptiwashington: demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst) are the two major headwinds that held back india's economic growth last year, former rbi governor ram has said, asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country's needs.
on demonetisation and the gst implementations, gandhi claimed that people have confusion about these.
making the announcement, delhi chief minister arvindkejriwal said, since independence, vips  politicians and officers have been provided free electricity and water from taxpayers money.
as per the new circular, mohan said "all rectifications can be made in the same month's gstr-3b and gstr -1".
(express file photo by prem nath pandey)a day before the introduction of the state goods and service tax (gst) bill in the odisha assembly, chief minister naveenpatnaik on wednesday said gst was a major financial reform which would transform the country into one single market.
hyderabad: telangana finance minister eatala rajender said on tuesday that the state would suffer huge financial losses if the centre brings petrol and diesel under the ambit of goods and services tax ( gst ).
the laws which enable this (gst) are now before parliament which hopefully should get cleared and once they do get cleared then by the middle of this year we hope to see the implementation as far as this law is concerned, arunjaitley said.
further, gst will broaden the tax base, and result in better tax compliance due to a robust it infrastructure, arunjaitley said.
new delhi: prime minister modi on monday said that the goods and services tax bill was a very big and important step towards getting the country rid of tax terrorism.
(source: pti photo) parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said that the government wanted all parties on board for the gst bill.
rahul gandhi , the president of the congress, had, in may, said if his party came to power, there would be only one slab of the gst and that the party was against the 28 per cent slab.
new delhi: hinting at the recent incidents of atrocities against dalits, president pranabmukherjee on sunday said that attacks on weaker sections of the society were aberrations, which needed to be dealt with firmly, even as he hailed the consensus achieved for the passage of the goods and services tax bill (gst) in parliament.
mr. ramakrishnudu said that the issue would be raised at the gst council meeting.
gst scheduled for july 1 rolloutthe goods and services tax (gst) is on schedule for implementation from july 1 and will not lead to any significant increase in prices of goods although cost of some services may see a marginal hike, finance minister arunjaitley said on monday.
after the passage of gst bill with voice vote, drabu said new tax regime will roll out in the state at midnight, making j&k the last state to join the gst.
both the parliamentary affairs minister and myself have discussed the gst with every senior congress leader in parliament, arunjaitley said, asking whether congress insistence on constitutional cap for gst was politically motivated.
they had to tell us that due to steps such as gst, their earnings have got halved in the recent time, said gandhi , terming the initiative as gabbar singh tax, appealing voters to remember how they were made to stand in queue (during demonetization) while casting their vote.
on the compliance burden of the gst, arunjaitley said it was a little heavy but the process would ease on account of the initiatives being undertaken by the revenue department.
lauding prime minister narendra modi for his decisiveness, arunjaitley said unlike the previous prime minister (manmohan singh), modi has been decisive in taking steps with regard to demonetisation, surgical strike against pakistan and the goods and services tax (gst).
deputy chief minister modi , who is in charge of the commercial taxes department, had announced in august the possibility of convenience centres for traders' ease in filing gst returns.
hyderabad: union minister m naidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
10 (pti): the gst council on friday decided to reduce tax rate on a wide range of mass use items  from chewing gums to detergents - to 18 per cent from the current 28 per cent, bihar deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said.
modi said that india had become the world's fastest-growing economy thanks to some of his government's initiatives, such as the abolition of 1,000-odd archaic laws, push for the goods and services tax, and the constitution of commercial courts.
on gst bill, ram said the congress wanted it to go to the select committee because certain provisions in the bill were not there when the then finance minister p ram presented it in parliament in march 2011.
in a separate reply, shukla said the gst anti-profiteering authority has till december 26 received 169 complaints alleging suppliers of goods have not passed on benefit of cost cuts.
but i am sure as the gst experience moves on, i think, natural gas, real estate -- these are areas which are to be brought in and then probably at some stage we will keep trying for petrol, diesel and potable alcohol, arunjaitley said.
while motor fuels are yet to be brought under the ambit of goods and services tax (gst), the demand is that sales tax burden be reduced for now, said b t manohar, chairman state taxation committee of fkcci.
mr. rajender, speaking to newspersons after the meeting, said that mr. jaitley had also assured on compensating the losses to be incurred by states on account of gst implementation.
repatriation and comprehensive tax reform are important to the economy, apple inc ceo timcook said earlier this month on cnbc.
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said low gst collections might lead to high fiscal deficit for states and hence tax and non-tax resources available exclusively to states' authorities might be tapped".
on the stalled gst bill, modi said the congress has made it a prestige issue but expressed confidence that the evolving arithmetic in rajya sabha would ensure that the legislation would be passed soon.
in his speech, karnataka chief minister ram said the gst has forged a new model of cooperative decentralisation in the country.
gst is a once in a lifetime opportunity for the government to remove anomalies in tobacco taxation in india and bring a fair relief to the tobacco farmers without compromising on its tobacco control goals, faifa general secretary babu said in a statement.
flight of foreign funds from equity and weakness in inr continue to alert investors as the short term benefit from gst is likely to be disruptive," vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services ltd said.
according to sources, gandhi told the members that the party should play the role of a constructive opposition and should not be seen as against the gst legislations.
i also propose to increase excise duty on indian made foreign liquor by 4 per cent to raise additional revenue for meeting the budget expenditure, said mr kumaraswamy.
market had started off with a positive sentiment supported by consensus over the rollout of gst, but this trend could not be continued as the investors mulled over 100 bps cut in gdp (forecast) by imf to  6.6% in 2016-17, said vinod nair, head of research, geojit bnp paribas financial services.
naidu said gst would revolutionise the taxation system and increase the revenue by 1.
the guiding principle in fixing the gst rates is that it should not exceed the combined rate of vat+ central excise/service tax lest it would trigger inflation and hardship to the consumers," state finance minister yanamala ramakrishnudu said in a letter to union finance minister arun jaitley".
the industry also expects the gst level to be rationalised to a lower level (28 per cent to 18 per cent) to accommodate the downturn in sales, ram said.
whatever the reasons and the circumstances, the gst should have been allowed to be introduced in parliament in the monsoon session to facilitate the way for its eventual passage, amarindersingh said in a statement on friday.
citing a study by international rating agency moodys, naidu said that indias growth story is running the risk of being jeopardised on account of slow progress on major legilsative reforms like gst and claimed that the legislation, if passed could add  1.5 per cent to 2 per cent to the gdp growth of the country.
in a statement, its president n. jegatheesan and senior president s. rethinavelu said that the trade and industry was apprehensive that when the gst was introduced under single country, single market, single tax principle, the revenue neutral rate might be fixed by individual states at a higher scale.
earlier this week, prime minister modi had said 99 per cent of goods and services will be brought in the 18-per-cent or less gst slabs and the highest slab restricted to just a few select luxury and sin goods.
the gst policy wing is planning to come out with a circular clarifying on the zero-rating status of such duty free shops and circular may also outlay a detailed procedure of claiming refund of the taxes so paid," mohan said.
by tomorrow we will share the model gst law with the states which has been redrafted after taking into account the comments of stakeholders, shah said while inaugurating the cbec pavilion at the iitf.
dh news service, new delhi, jun 4 2017, 1:19 istgovt confident of july 1 gst rolloutgold and silver will be taxed at 3  under the goods and services tax regime, finance ministry arunjaitley announced after a meeting of the gst council on saturday.
he said the haryana goods and services tax act, 2017 had been passed by the haryana vidhan sabha on may 4.
rajeev dimri, leader, indirect tax, bmr and associates llp, said, "gst bills as passed by lok sabha should provide enough material to india inc to start implementing gst for the business".
the council also agreed to set up a committee comprising officials from centre and states to look into the complaints with regard to the anti-profiteering clause that seeks to prevent companies from making undue gains post gst rollout, arunjaitley said.
a day after gandhi said the gst bill will be passed in parliament in just 15 minutes with his party's support if the narendra modi government accepted conditions laid down by it, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said it was not not fair on its part to set conditions for the passage of the measure.
new delhi: pinning hopes on quick resolution of the difficult issue of tax jurisdiction with states, finance minister arunjaitley today said that goods and services tax regime will be rolled out from april next year.
the government is willing to discuss all issues and answer the questions raised by the opposition, modi said, hoping for a fruitful session as he recalled the passage of the gst bill in the last session with the cooperation of all parties.
the gom will meet one more time as there are issues to be discussed, including the benefits or losses to the exchequer, modi said, stating that the gom will meet again in 10 days and finalise its view, which would then be recommended to the gst council.
the programmes have built confidence among the traders to welcome the gst regime, association founder and president prakash mandoth said.
new delhi, apr 24, 2015 (pti) 17:44 istthe long-pending goods and services tax (gst) bill was today moved in the lok sabha for consideration amid stiff resistance by several opposition parties, even as finance minister arunjaitley said it is a win-win measure and states have nothing to fear.
govt to talk to cong, other parties on gst: venkaiahbengaluru, aug 18, 2015, (pti) 15:36 istthe centre would shortly hold discussions with congress and other parties to bring them around to facilitate passage of the gst and some other key bills before the winter session of parliament, union parliamentary affairs minister m naidu said today.
hyderabad: union minister m m.venkaiahnaidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
communist party of india-marxist (cpi-m) leader ram said the issue of the gst bill cannot be settled between the congress and the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) alone.
pm modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
there would be enough safeguards to the constitution of jammu & kashmir, drabu said in his reply on the second day of the gst in the state assembly.
presenting the state budget proposals, chief minister siddaramaiah said the present system of excise duty on liquor is unable to capture the value addition that takes place in the retail sale of liquor in bars and clubs.
modi, who is also the state finance minister, has said the delay in resolving the issue might create difficulties in implementing goods and services tax (gst).
this (implementation of gst) is important to prevent the breakdown of networks, to prevent pulverisation of our customers and to prevent the financial stress of the state, said drabu.
commerce minister nirmalasitharaman on saturday said the goods and services tax (gst) will help improve indias export growth.
congress leader rahulgandhi had also tweeted government says 99 per cent of goods will be at 18 per cent gst.
new delhi, aug 8, 2016, (pti) 18:09 istimplementation of the goods and services tax (gst) will reduce tax evasion and improve ease of doing business by engendering a common market throughout the country, finance minister arunjaitley said today as he moved the modified constitution amendment bill in the lok sabha.
chidambaram said, gst stands for gabbar singh tax, the rate must not be more than 18 per cent in any circumstance.
the sale of land and immovable property should be part of gst so that input tax credit can flow freely in the system, ram said at a conference.
many will question how deep an impact the gst will have on the economy in the near- and long-term, firms seem convinced that prospects will brighten as the new tax regime becomes clearer, said de lima.
not only the gurdwaras but all shrines of other communities should also be given exemption from gst on the offerings for langar," badungar said who was in patiala to attend a religious event at a local gurudwara.
talking about gst, pm modi said the unanimity on the landmark legislation will be remembered in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism.
august's pmi results showed that manufacturers in india recovered quickly from the sharp slump that followed the introduction of the goods & services tax, said pollyanna de lima, principal economist at ihs markit and the author of the report.
trying to clear apprehension of opposition and traders, finance minister haseeb drabu said j&k legislature can enact a comprehensive gst law, where tax will be levied corresponding to aggregate sgst and cgst".
the sangathan president gautamkothari said, industries are already suffering due to gst and poor global market.
so one modi created gst,the other modi made sure it did not happen, ram said.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said it is not possible to have one gst rate as the country has vast disparities, but assured investors that government will undertake further reforms after improvement in tax compliance standards.
the state will receive an additional income of rs. 3,000 crore once the gst regime is implemented, finance minister t.m. thomas isaac has said.
this would further increase after implementation of the gst bill, he said adding that the world bank and other financial institutions had also hailed the gst bill.
commerce and industry minister ram today said amercian phone-maker apples demand for tax incentives to set up a manufacturing unit in the country will have be looked at after the goods and services tax (gst) is rolled out.
in a statement issued here, chamber president n. jegatheesan said that a gst trade body could comprise representatives of trade and industry drawn from across the country to provide suggestions and conduct parleys with the finance ministers of various states and the union finance minister.
i have already asked the state chief secretary to send a strong letter to the union finance ministry elaborating on our objections to accepting the gst in its present form, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said at a district-level meeting in her state.
the landmark gst legislation will reflect the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination, said prime minister modi , as he addressed the third meeting of the governing council of niti aayog on sunday.
the gst will strive to free india from tax terrorism, modi said as he vowed to pay tribute to freedom fighters after 75 years of independence by bringing in the tax reform as soon as possible.
enabling provisions have been made for the introduction of an anti-profiteering measure, wherein a mechanism may be established to monitor whether the benefit arising to industry on account of gst is passed on to the consumers, said pratik jain, partner and leader (indirect tax) at pwc.
on the goods and service tax (gst) bill, arunjaitley said the congress was dissenting on their own bill.
b t manohar, chairman, taxation committee, federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industry, said every tax invoice should provide details about central gst (which will be levied by the cental government) and karnataka gst (which will be levied by state government).
the 14 per cent growth in commercial taxes is assured and if it drops due to gst, the centre will compensate the loss, modi said.
now the responsibility is on the vidhan sabha to pass the gst bill, yogiadityanath said.
its better late than never, said the cmearlier in march, amarindersingh announced waiver of the state governments 50  share in the gst on langar at the golden temple, durgiana temple, bhagwan valmiki tirath and key shrines of the other communities.
asked about congress' reversal of stand on reform measures like goods and services tax (gst), ram said, we have not done u-turn.
commerce and industry minister nirmalasitharaman today said amercian phone-maker apples demand for tax incentives to set up a manufacturing unit in the country will have be looked at after the goods and services tax (gst) is rolled out.
new delhi: terming the company formed to create it backbone for rollout of gst as anti-national, bjp mp ram today said the goods and services tax (gst) bill can be passed by parliament only if gstn gets security clearancethe goods and services tax network (gstn) is the special purpose vehicle that was formed under the previous upa regime to set up the information technology backbone for rolling out the indirect tax regime that will replace myriad local levies.
the panel held detailed discussions with stakeholders on tuesday and another seven days have been given for the feedback before the final draft will be sent to the gst council, comprising union and state finance ministers, modi said.
modi said the panel will deliberate on the details for rolling out the reverse charge mechanism in the first week of may, with the time table and the coverage to be decided.
modi said his government implemented the goods and services tax (gst) in larger public interest and to boost the nations tax collection.
in his meeting with top revenue department officials yesterday, modi said the gst council would need to have intensive meetings to be able to make timely recommendations relating to its mandate, including proposals relating to model gst laws, gst rates, goods and services that may be subjected to or exempted from gst.
simultaneously the gst council will work on the functional modalities for implementation such that same person is not assessed by both centre and states, arunjaitley said.
referring to the passage of the key economic reform measure gst in parliaments monsoon session, modi said it demonstrated the countrys unity of vision.
on the compliance burden of the gst, arunjaitley said it was a little heavy, but the process would ease on account of the initiatives being undertaken by the revenue department.
finance minister arunjaitley said the taxpayers with an aggregate turnover of rs 40 lakh would now be exempted from the gst.
while the lists are yet to be rolled out by the gst council, all essential commodities and services, including education and health care should feature in the list of special concessional rate of 5% (if not zero rated)," said bmr indirect tax leader rajeev dimri.
the registration certificate of the firm has already been cancelled under the haryana gst and central gst act to prevent any further fraudulent activity by the dealer, he said.
so, if i were to list the residual issues left for the next meeting, then they are the interstate gst law, the issues of dual control and cross empowerment, and the approval of the legally vetted language, arunjaitley said.
in view of the unrelenting attitude of the congress on the gst issue, finance minister arunjaitley said, keeping this political reality in mind, cabinet committee on political affairs (ccpa) decided to recommend to president to prorogue monsoon session.
b'west bengal cm mamatabanerjee west bengal cm mamatabanerjee banerjeethe west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday said the trinamool congress party would support the central government on gst in parliament but it had some reservations about the land bill.
open to changes in land bill that benefit poor: pmnew delhi: may 28, 2015, dhns 2:14 istparties should keep aside political motives: modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers, poor, village and nation will be accepted, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday asserting that along with gst bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time.
the way the fitment discussions have happened in the gst council and the way commodities and services have been treated, gst is only going to help in improving our exports, ram said at a media conference to brief three years achievements of her ministry.
gst collections in april exceeding rs 1 lakh crore is a landmark achievement and a confirmation of increased economic activity as brought out by other reports, arunjaitley said in a tweet.
speaking to mediapersons here on sunday, dr. isaac said that gst had resulted in price hike of commodities.
aam aadmi party trade wing convener brijesh goyal said the workshop was very important as it would facilitate a smooth transition to gst.
the central government should immediately withdraw the gst on purchases made by the sgpc and other religious institutions that are doing community service of this magnitude," prithipal singh, a devout sikh who has been doing voluntary service at the langar hall of the golden temple complex in amritsar for the past nearly a decade, told ians.
(source: pti)continuing his protest against 1 per cent excise duty on non-silver jewellery introduced by the centre, chief minister arvindkejriwal said the bjp and the congress were no different.
i am sure that issue will get resolved," shah said, hoping for gst roll out from april next year.
in a bid for smooth transition to the new tax regime, siddaramaiah announced the constitution of gst consultation committee in the commercial taxes department that would have representatives from all the important stakeholders.
mumbai: hdfc chairman deepak on friday said the goods and services tax (gst) regime can push up the country's growth by as much as 150-200 basis points (bps).
mumbai: hdfc chairman deepakparekh on friday said the goods and services tax (gst) regime can push up the country's growth by as much as 150-200 basis points (bps).
speaking on the gst bill, modi asked the party to prepare a booklet that will also include details of 100 schemes initiated by the nda government and get the message across to the people  especially how the proposed tax regime will help small traders, a core support base of the bjp.
if you want gst, unless we can get the states on board through some mechanism, we will have difficulties, pranabmukherjee said.
without doing this, it would be unfair on the centre's part to expect traders to be compliant and deny compensation," said b t manohar, state taxation chairman and team gst of federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industries (fkcci).
therefore, gst will have to paid only in exceptional situation where gifts are given on voluntary basis, such as diwali gifts to employees and that too if the value is more than rs 50,000," said pratik jain, partner and leader indirect tax at consulancy firm pwc india.
meanwhile, chief minister siddaramaiah on friday said there was no need to convene the special session of the legislature as the president has already given his assent to the gst constitutional amendment bill.
chandigarh: haryana finance minister captain abhimanyu said decisions taken in the recent meeting of the goods and services tax (gst) council would immensely benefit the state as the council had decided to give compensation to the states for five years.
dh photochief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday said the state government has completed all the formalities to introduce goods and service tax (gst) from july 1.
the government is planning a system to save kudumbasree units from the possible fallout of the implementation of goods and services tax (gst), finance minister t.m. thomas isaac has said.
referring to disruptions in parliament due to which several bills, including the crucial gst legislation is stuck, modi said house is not allowed to function due to inferiority complex (of the opposition leadership).
b'finance minister arunjaitley (pti/file) finance minister arunjaitley (pti/file)finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said government may seek voting on gst constitution amendment bill in rajya sabha in the monsoon session in case congress continues to oppose the long-pending indirect tax law.
siddaramaiah, who also holds the finance portfolio, said he had not heeded to the traders demand to lower the vat slabs in anticipation of the introduction of the goods and service tax (gst) regime in 2016-17.
the state has demanded strong action to ensure that the maximum retail price (mrp) of all goods is slashed while traders are introducing fresh stock to the market post-goods and service tax (gst) regime, finance minister t.m. thomas isaac has said.
addressing a seminar on gst conducted as part of the diamond jubilee celebrations of the assembly for mlas by the institute of parliamentary studies and the gulati institute for finance and taxation here on monday, dr. isaac said the state government had raised the demand at the gst council meeting.
thanks to all this, people are being spared tax hikes, and commodities in the state will not be dearer at least for four months before we know the new tax rates under gst, said b t manohar, chairman of taxation committee of federation of chambers of commerce (fkcci).
while taking a number of questions on gst, rahulgandhi told the audience that the very structure of gst is flawed.
on what should be the rate of gst, arunjaitley said: the lower the better.
8: finance minister ram today announced the setting up of two committees to sort out issues hampering the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst).
gandhi also said if his party comes to power, it would change the gst and abolish the 28 per cent gst slab.
expectations of a positive outcome from the gst council did insulate us from the adverse effect of global volatility," said vinod nair, head of research, geojit bnp paribas financial services.
finance minister y. ramakrishnudu on saturday said he would raise the issue of granting exemption to the tirumala tirupati devasthanams (ttd) under the proposed goods and services tax (gst) at the gst council meeting in new delhi on sunday.
talking about gst, patwari said, "as far as industry issues are concerned, at least for six months our focus will remain on the goods and services tax (gst) due from july 1.
the finance minister raised the service tax rate to 12% from the existing 10% and also raised the excise duty to 12% from 10%.
(source-express photo/nirmal harindran)with petrol ruling at 55-month high and diesel at record levels, andhra pradesh chief minister n naidu has asked central government to cut excise duty on the fuels to ease the burden on people.
the landmark gst legislation will reflect the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination, said prime minister narendramodi , as he addressed the third meeting of the governing council of niti aayog on sunday.
the gst council has already approved five sets of rules and regulations relating to registration, payments, refund, invoice and returns, arunjaitley said, adding there are four others -- composition, valuation, input tax credit and transitions -- which now require a formal approval.
in a letter to oil minister dharmendra pradhan, babu said the centre had between november 2014 and january 2016 hiked excise duty on petrol and diesel nine times to take away gains arising from a slump in global oil prices.
he said awareness on gst was the need of the hour.
we have introduced the gst bill in parliament; we are hopeful to roll it out in 2016, modi said at the indo-german summit here, sharing the dais with german chancellor angela merkel.
finance minister arunjaitley said the revision in gst rates was considered after receiving several representations from trade and industry.
now, the idea of gst was that let there be just one tax in the country, arunjaitley said.
govt to talk to cong, other parties on gst: venkaiahbengaluru, aug 18, 2015, (pti) 15:36 istthe centre would shortly hold discussions with congress and other parties to bring them around to facilitate passage of the gst and some other key bills before the winter session of parliament, union parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah ram said today.
dubai, nov 16, 2015 (pti) 19:08 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said the government would make all efforts to persuade the opposition for the passage of constitution amendment bill for implementation of gst in the winter session.
b.t. manohar, chairman, state taxes committee, fkcci, says: gst will certainly bring down prices and check inflation.
on the vexed question of gst rate which may have implications for inflation, arunjaitley said it would be decided by the gst council, which will comprise representatives of centre and states.
expressing his opinion with regard to the complexities involved in running businesses under gst laws, chidambaram said, you cant have this fantastic nonsense of asking people to file three returns a month in every state, which means if im doing business all over india, we have to file thousand returns.
it is a coincidence that i was the finance minister when value added tax (vat) was introduced and now when gst is going to be introduced, i hold the finance portfolio, ram said.
the bills very clearly specify that gst would be charged on any lease of land or letting out of the building or construction of a complex, building, civil structure or a part thereof, where whole or any part of consideration has been received before issuance of completion certificate or its first occupation, nangia & co director rajat mohan said.
to prepare the ground for introduction of goods and services tax (gst) regime that envisage higher threshold for registration, ram announced that the ceiling for registering with the commercial taxes department will be increased from rs 5 lakh turnover per year to rs 7.
capital values that are already reduced in selected locations within markets such as delhi-ncr, bengaluru and mumbai, will continue to remain under pressure in the coming quarter as the markets readjust in the post rera and gst regime, jain said.
finance minister arunjaitley said the capping of cess was done at a higher rate only to give the goods and services tax council more headroom in the future if there was a need to increase them.
but the gst council has further pruned 12 more items, modi said.
asked about gandhi making fun of gst during his campaign tour in south gujarat, arunjaitley said, i firmly believe he has no understanding of this subject, he has not studied it.
deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi , who is in charge of the commercial taxes department, had announced in august the possibility of convenience centres for traders' ease in filing gst returns.
gandhi said, apart from fabrics import, manufacturers of fabrics are comfortable with gst rates of 5  and 12  on mmf yarn and that any increase by the government in gst rates will lead to inflation of fabric prices and the whole value chain will be disrupted.
we have received 43 complaints so far in haryana where benefits of lower tax rates under the gst regime were not passed on to consumers," state finance minister captain abhimanyu said while talking to reporters here today.
karnataka chief minister ram said the gst bill has provision to merge the entry tax with the gst and adoption of this clause would lead to a loss to the state revenues.
addressing cii-kotak investors' round table here, arunjaitley said that the gst council, headed by him and comprising representatives of all states, will in the next few days finalise the rates of tax for different goods and services and the country is on track to roll out the simplified indirect tax regime fromjuly 1.
vinod nair, head of research, geojit bnp paribas financial services ltd, said, market tumbled as investors are concerned over the final lap of us political battle and higher tax burden from gst.
prime minister modi told the all party meeting that goods and services tax (gst) legislation is in the interest of nation and the finance minister will speak to parties concerned to address their doubts on it, naidu said after the meeting.
there is growing support of the congress' objections on gst, many corporates strongly support our objections, former finance minister p ram told reporters.
although the detailed content of forms was yet to be finalised, modi said adequate time will be given to gst network, which provides the it backbone, as well as businesses for transition.
expressing thanks to all the members, nitishkumar said bihar has been in favour of gst from the beginning.
the current buoyancy in the market is led by positive cues such as gst, state elections and fii inflows," vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services, said.
crediting adhia efforts on the gst rollout, arunjaitley said in his blog that it was his efforts supported by his team of officers of centre and state governments, which made it possible to hit the deadline of july 1, 2017.
5:05pm: the proposed tax straucture under gst is much more complex to what we have at present, said jain , partner and leader of indirect tax at pwc india.
the upa allies like the rjd, the ncp and the jd-u are openly supporting it, arunjaitley said, adding that even the congress-ruled states are for gst.
the guiding principle in fixing the gst rates is that it should not exceed the combined rate of vat+ central excise/service tax lest it would trigger inflation and hardship to the consumers, state finance minister ram said in a letter to union finance minister arun jaitley.
jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti (express photo by renuka puri) jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti (express photo by renuka puri)jammu and kashmir, the only state which failed to meet the june 30 timeline for the gst rollout, is likely to clear the legislation on the indirect tax regime by july 6, its finance minister haseeb drabu said in new delhi on friday.
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said gst would make dutyfree shops uncompetitive via-a-vis those situated outside the airport.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said the states are not in favour of including petrol and diesel into gst at the moment, ruling out any immediate levy of the new indirect tax on these petroleum products.
commerce secretary rita teaotia said the two main export promotion schemes - merchandise exports from india scheme (meis) and services exports from india scheme (seis) - will continue post gst implementation but would be aligned with the new indirect tax regime.
reiterating that the gst was 'god service tax', badungar said, repeated pleas before the prime minister and the union finance minister had failed to yield desired results.
when asked whether the gst could be rolled out from april one, 2017, arunjaitley said, i am trying my best.
we will make a forceful argument again on june 30 at the final gst council meeting before its roll out and make our case for 35 items we already represented to the council about," finance minister eatela rajender told toi on wednesday.
emphasizing that the gst bill is in the larger interest of the country, naidu said, "we have a wider support and we have enough numbers for gst but we would like to have all parties on board because it will have an effect on states".
vijayawada/hyderabad: with parliament passing the gst bill in the just-concluded session, union finance minister arunjaitley has now asked andhra pradesh and telangana to ensure its early ratification.
there have been no major hiccups in the first week of goods and services tax (gst) rollout and things will normalise over the next three months, former economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said.
speaking in the house on the last day of the second part of the budget session, modi said the retiring members would have felt much more satisfied if these two legislation  relating to goods and services tax (gst) and compensatory afforestation fund management and planning authority (campa)  had been passed by the rajya sabha during their tenure.
the union budget 2017-18 and the working of the ministry of railways and gst bills were discussed at length, chairman hamidansari said in his valedictory remarks before adjourning the house sine die.
so, the entire cross empowerment issue was, we empower each other in case the state authorities look at sgst issue, they also look at cgst and vice versa," shah said.
bengal shadowwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had said on friday that her government would not support the new gst system in its present form and that her government would write to jaitley to make some amendments to make it suitable for all the sections of the society.
raising his pet poll issues, gandhi said: prime minister narendra modi ruined the country's economy by implementing demonetisation and 'gabbar singh tax' (gst).
i have personally written to every chief minister saying that till such time that the gst stabilises itself, we must not consider seriously imposing some of these taxes because they may increase the burden, the then finance minister arunjaitley had said while replying to a brief debate on the punjab municipal corporation law (extension to chandigarh) amendment bill 2017.
dh photochief minister ram on wednesday said the state government has completed all the formalities to introduce goods and service tax (gst) from july 1.
a few days ago, finance minister arunjaitley had said at a function in mumbai that the stalling gst was providing sadistic pleasure to some people.
b'india is committed to taking hard and difficult decisions in the long-term interest of the economy,prime minister manmohansingh said today,while assuring japanese industry that the long-awaited goods and services tax (gst) regime facing hurdles from states will be in place in an appropriate type by 2014.
gst with a far more efficient system, arunjaitley said, that will increase trade, tax collection and improve ease of doing business.
on gst, arunjaitley said if there is an intention to resolve all can be resolved.
therefore, excise duty collection this quarter may fall unless the government provides higher percentage of deemed credit (currently proposed at 40 per cent of cgst), jain said.
naidu said he even indicated that the government was willing to advance the budget session to ensure passage of the gst bill and the real estate regulatory bill.
but much will depend on the next three months, how the government and industry smoothen the overall transition (to gst)and the compliance," said n.r. bhanumurthy of the national institute of public finance and policy in delhi.
while gst is unlikely to be a positive for economic growth in the short term, crisils ram said the reform will improve the ease of doing business, bolster investor sentiment and lure more foreign investment in coming years.
(pti)new delhi: prime minister modi today said the consensus on goods and services tax (gst) reflects the spirit of 'one nation, one aspiration, one determination'.
the way the fitment discussions have happened in the gst council and the way commodities and services have been treated, gst is only going to help in improving our exports, ram said here, briefing on three years of initiatives and achievements of the commerce ministry.
the delay in passage of the gst bill will hamper the aspirations of people of india and in particular the dreams of the youth, who are thirsty for jobs, naidu said at a press conference here.
bengaluru: the goods and services tax, to be rolled out in just over a month, will not only check evasions but also help india evolve as a more tax-compliant society, finance minister arunjaitley said here on monday.
berlin: prime minister modi today said india has already completed a sizable part of reforms and the historic goods and services tax (gst) regime will be rolled out from july.
ajith athrady, dh news service, new delhi, may 20 2017, 15:43 istthe goods and services tax (gst) will help improve india's export growth, commerce minister ram said here on saturday.
the meeting also saw trinamool congress pushing for the passage of the gst bill, naidu said.
though finance minister arunjaitley had said he was not averse to consulting congress vice-president rahul gandhi on the gst and other issues, congress leaders claimed that no one from the government had approached them.
there would be enough safeguards to the constitution of jammu and kashmir, drabu said in his reply on the second day of heated debates on gst in the state assembly.
by ptinew delhi: buoyed by gst collections exceeding rs 1 lakh crore in april, finance minister arunjaitley today said it is a landmark achievement and a confirmation of increased economic activity.
jaitley said the demonetisation, coupled with the implementation of gst, will make india a single market instead of 30 different markets in the states, facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country.
prime minister modi , in his second interview to a private news channel, said that theres mistrust between states sometimes on taxes, but the introduction of gst will make this process very transparent.
visiting surat as part of the ongoing campaign of the narendra modi-led nda government to celebrate four years the bjp rule, smritiirani said that the textile businessmen facing issues with refund under integrated goods and services tax (igst) would be heard at special camps being organised by the finance ministry.
continued outflow of foreign money will keep rupee on tenterhook while increasing gst collection and rbis open market operation may soften the volatility," said vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services.
chandigarh: on day of gst launch , haryana finance minister captain abhimanyu said that of 2,47,999 dealers in the state, 1,90,234 applicants have successfully registered with the gst system in different districts of the state.
responding to a question of the power of the comptroller and audit general under gst, arunjaitley said, cag is already empowered to seek clarification from the state under cag act, the issue did come up and it was agreed that since the law exists there is no need to for separate laws.
prime minister modi (pti /file photo) prime minister modi (pti /file photo)with still two months left till the goods and services tax (gst) roll out, prime minister modi on sunday said consensus on the new tax regime will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism.
pti photo/pibprime minister modi on sunday said that the consensus on the goods and services tax (gst) would go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism, while crediting state chief ministers for keeping aside political and ideological differences to arrive at a common ground.
replying to the seven-hour-long debate, finance minister arunjaitley said the gst, which will usher in a uniform indirect tax regime in the country, will make commodities slightly cheaper.
once that is done, it creates conditions for implementing gst, rajeev dimri, leader, indirect taxes at bmr advisors, said.
nangia and co director-indirect taxation rajat mohan said return filing under gst regime would necessitate much more data in terms of invoices, debit notes and credit notes that would be matched online".
rajat mohan, partner in amrg and associates said the cbec had in september 2017 allowed businesses to rectify errors in gstr-3b returns while filing gstr-1 and gstr-2 of the same month.
with regard to composition scheme for service providers, modi said (rs) 50 lakh turnover & 6  tax rate for service providers in a new compostion scheme in gst.
making it clear that andhra pradesh will not accept the proposal of cross empowerment to state officers under igst act, aimed at excluding state authorities to adjudicate cases, if any issue relating to import or export of goods or services is involved, yanamala said that the state authorities have been administering cst act 1956 and assessing the genuineness of exports as it involves refund of taxes paid at input stage".
modi said that the gst reflected the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination.
now it is important that supporting rules are finalised by the gst council in its next few meetings, and should be released at the earliest to enable the businesses to align their compliance and regulatory processes, dimri said.
the gom has invited suggestions from industry and tax experts within a week, which will be incorporated in a report and tabled before the gst council, modi said.
addressing a seminar on compliance procedures under gst organised by the federation of andhra pradesh and telangana chambers of commerce and industry (ftapcci) here, mr. ramakrishnudu said gst had not yet been fixed for 10 commodities.
it is not only the gst but many pro-poor steps are stuck in parliament, pm modi said at a function.
citing that the whole process will take time till march, arunjaitley said that july 1 will be a more realistic date to roll out gst.
elaborating on the impact of gst, drabu said that only 1,000 goods vehicles had entered j&k on july 4 as compared to 2,000 on the corresponding date last year, and that only 250 vehicles left the valley on the same day as compared to 500 last year.
to start with, there should be lighter penal provision for offences for at least two years as gst is a new tax regime and traders would need time to understand the law, jain said.
in july, firms indicated that orders, production and purchasing had been postponed due to a lack of clarity about the new tax regime, but they have now been resumed as manufacturers, suppliers and their clients have become more knowledgeable of the gst rates," said pollyanna de lima, economist at ihs markit, in a release.
the cabinet today approved the draft legislation of gst and desired that we should hold a special session of the assembly starting, perhaps from the 17th (of june) to discuss the specific issue of extension of the gst to the state of jammu and kashmir, drabu said.
dr. isaac, in his reply, said that price rise following the implementation of the gst regime was indeed a serious issue and that the centres attitude towards the concerns expressed by the states was very unhelpful.
the telangana government has also decided to call an assembly session this month to pass the gst bill, telangana finance minister etela rajender said on wednesday.
stating that both the centre and states are committed to ensuring that a taxpayer is assessed only once in the hands of one tax administration, shah said that the gst was conceived as a dual structure and the government does not want to convert that into "duel" assessment".
tokyo, press trust of india may 8 2017, 12:01 istthe goods and services tax (gst) is on schedule for implementation fromjuly 1and will not lead to any significant increase in prices of goods although cost of some services may see a marginal hike, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
in a fax message to mr. jaitley on tuesday, dr. isaac said the tax rates of the majority of the commodities had come down on implementing gst, but traders tend to conceal it and were levying exorbitant prices and raking huge profit.
ready to talk to cong on gst: jaitleynew delhi, nov 5, 2015, dhns: 2:19 istfinance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said introduction of the goods and services tax (gst), is only a question of time and he is ready to meet congress leaders to resolve a parliamentary deadlock.
the proposed law will not harass honest taxpayers, but is aimed at tax evaders, finance minister pranabmukherjee told members of lok sabha on tuesday, replying to the general discussion on budget, which marks the completion of one of the three stages of passage of the budget.
reading from the newspaper clipping, kejriwal said modi had said in 2012 that imposing excise duty would encourage inspector raj and 90 per cent of the jewellery business was small-scale sector that generated the most employment.
talking about the recent roll-out of goods and services tax, pranabmukherjee said the passage of gst speaks volume about the maturity of the parliament.
business confidence eased to the weakest since february as some firms expressed concerns over negative gst effects," dodhia said.
new delhi, june 28, 2016, dhns 2:53 istgst: modi says one group has made passage of bill 'prestige issue'prime minister modi has pinned hopes on the changed arithmetic in the rajya sabha for the passage of the much-delayed goods and services tax (gst) bill.
3, arunjaitley told reporters, but did not clarify whether the country could meet the self-imposed deadline of april 1 for the launch of goods and services tax, the country's most ambitious tax reform as yet.
b t manohar, chairman of state tax committee team gst, federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industry (fkcci), bengaluru, said that karnataka was a role model for all other states in the country.
speaking at the annual general meeting of ficci last week, finance minister arunjaitley had said a delayed gst is better than a flawed gst.
it is also highly expected that many sections of the industry may not be fully compliant with various requirements of gst law from day 1 itself and would require a transitioning period of few months, post the go-live date," said rajeev dimri, bmr and associates llp leader (indirect tax).
i will still keep my fingers crossed, arunjaitley told media persons after the gst council meet here.
why would we want to hike taxes and earn brickbats when gst is likely to be implemented across the country soon ?
badungar said the amount received towards 'karah parshad' was also subjected to gst.
announcing that there is no new proposal for tax increase like the previous two years, deputy chief minister manishsisodia , who also handles the finance portfolio, said the government expects a positive impact on tax revenue collections after the implementation of the goods and service tax (gst) later this year.
i&b minister m venkaiah ram told reporters that modi explained to nda leaders the importance of the gst bill and the need to pass it.
finance minister pranabmukherjee had announced in the budget 2011-12 that a public debate on the services tax to help the government finalise the approach to gst would take place.
in an interview for a tv news channel, modi said people voted on demonetisation during the 2017 assembly election in uttar pradesh and on gst in the 2018 assembly election in gujarat.
so the entire cross empowerment issue was, we empower each other to say that in case the state authorities look at sgst issue, they also look at cgst and vice versa," shah said.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said that the government wanted all parties on board for the gst bill.
siddaramaiah also said the gst, which will come into effect from april next year, will boost the economic environment.
commending the bill for consideration and passage, arunjaitley said: gst is going to lead to a win-win situation as far as the centre and the states are concerned.
on the impact of gst on prices, arunjaitley said: today you have tax on tax, you have cascading effect.
i&b minister m naidu told reporters that modi explained to nda leaders the importance of the gst bill and the need to pass it.
when asked why did the congress allow the gst bill to be passed in the rajya sabha if they knew it was flawed, gandhi said, we had tried stopping.
ganesh shirsekarcongress vice-president gandhi said on saturday that the gst bill will be passed in parliament in in just 15 minutes with congress support if the narendra modi government accepted conditions laid down by his party.
ani byraebareli: congress president rahulgandhi on saturday said that no prime minister except narendra modi took foolish decisions such as demonetisation and goods and servies tax (gst) in the past 70 years.
it is now connecting india to the world, ram said adding that the summit will be a golden opportunity for global investors to understand key recent policy reforms like the goods and services tax and the measures being taken in the country to boost economic growth.
the department has focused on e-governance initiatives to meet the challenges of the rapidly changing economic environment and the expectations of the growing numbers of taxpayers, pranabmukherjee said in his address at the concluding ceremony here of the year-long celebrations commemorating 150 years of the income tax department.
the bills very clearly specify that gst would be charged on any lease of land or letting out of the building or construction of a complex, building, civil structure or a part thereof, where whole or any part of consideration has been received before issuance of completion certificate or its first occupation," nangia & co director rajat mohan said.
terming gst as the most historic reform in india, modi said it will be implemented from next month in an apparent reference to the scheduled date of july 1.
assembly passes state gst billchief minister siddaramaiah said karnataka is prepared to implement the gst in the state.
we hope the gst council clarify this soon and till such time, we suggest the jewellers make do with a simple delivery challan ," said b t manohar, chairman of taxation committee, federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industries.
mr. ramakrishnudu said that andhra pradesh did not endorse the view that only the central government officials can administer the service tax assessees and that it was a matter of doubt how the central excise department officials, who have experience only in matters related to excise duty within the factory premises and do not have any exposure to sales tax matters, could administer the goods component of the central goods and services act and integrated goods and services act.
unfazed by the blockage of the gst bill in the rajya sabha by congress in the recently concluded parliament session that ended on a bitter note over the lalit modi issue, naidu said government was keen to implement the revolutionary and most progressive gst tax proposal from april 1, 2016.
raising voice against the proposal to exclude state authorities to adjudicate cases if any issue related to import or export of goods or services are involved is also contested under integrated gst act, yanamala said that the state authorities have been administering cst act, 1956 and assessing the genuineness of exports as it involves refund of taxes paid at input stage.
finance minister arunjaitley has said that the fitment will begin immediately after the march 31, gst council meeting which will pass the last bunch of rules required for the roll out.
in gst, there is no centralised exemption but if a state wants, it can refund the state gst for promoting regional cinema, arunjaitley said.
the goods and services tax (gst)," said pollyanna de lima, economist at ihs markit and author of the report".
in the just-concluded session of parliament, the passage of the constitution amendment bill for the introduction of gst amidst non-partisan and quality parliamentary deliberations is reason enough to celebrate our democratic maturity, pranabmukherjee said in his fifth address as the president.
responding to a query on gst implementation, arunjaitley said he is hopeful of its passage in the monsoon session as most political parties except the congress are in favour of this historic tax reform.
september data painted an encouraging picture as the sector continued to recover from the disruptions caused by the introduction of gst in july," said aashna dodhia, economist at ihs markit, and author of the report.
gcci president shailesh patwari , said, igst refunds between rs 4,000 crore and rs 5,000 crore are yet to be processed.
since the rate of cess shall be such so as to maintain the pre-gst tax incidence on such goods therefore there may not be much difference in total tax incidence (tax plus cess) on these goods between the pre-gst and post-gst regime, shukla said.
less than a month before the gst regime is set to kick in from july 1, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee today said her government would not support the new tax system in its present form.
nangia & co director (indirect taxation) rajat mohan said july 1 looks like the "best case scenario" for gst implementation as by then the industry will also be able to migrate into the new taxation regime.
stating that there was no proper awareness at field level on gst in spite of all the publicity glitz, mr. rajender said even tax consultants and officials were still in confusion on many issues.
with industry demanding lowering of proposed gst rates of 5%, 12%, 18% and 28% post the demonetisation, cbec chairman najib shah said the centre and the states at present collect rs 8 lakh crore from indirect taxes, minus customs duty, and the same level of revenue has to be collected in the gst regime.
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said the issue could be resolved if gst compliance structure is simplified and government programmes are designed to achieve a robust digital literacy in the long run".
this loss will, however, be compensated by the government of india from the fund created under the goods and services tax (compensation to states) act, 2017, yanamala told the house.
in remarks apparently aimed at former reserve bank governor raghuram rajan, who friday blamed the goods and services tax roll-out along with demonetisation for lower gdp growth, arunjaitley said the economy recovered fast from the limited disruptionist impact of the tax reform.
accusing the government of bringing gst to favour the corporates, chidambaram said his party congress had to speak for the common people, who were the "third factor" besides the centre and states, that would be affected by taxes.
gst will put in place a state-of-the-art indirect tax system by april 1, 2016, arunjaitley said on saturday.
counting on the achievements of the modi government, ram said that in the last five years modi government took some major decisions like demonetization, one rank one pension, gst, 105 reservation quota and granting benefits to 10 crore families under ayushman bharat yojna.
on the introduction of goods and services tax (gst), captain abhimanyu said almost all states had agreed on the issue after the union government had assured them that no state would have to bear any loss as result of the gst implementation.
july 1 now optimistically looks like the implementation date for gst, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after a day-long meeting with his state counterparts at the gst council.
finance minister yanamala ramakrishnaudu on saturday said the state government was sparing no efforts in seeking total exemption to the ttd from the gst registration.
this measure should significantly help in assuaging the concerns of inadequate readiness of gstn being faced by the industry and confirms that preparedness of gstn will not be a roadblock for the implementation of gst as was being anticipated by the industry, said rajeev dimri , leader for indirect tax practice at consultancy bmr & associates.
the consensus on gst reflects the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination, modi earlier said in his opening remarks at the meeting.
finance minister yanamala ramakrishnudu on saturday said the central and state governments gave up their exclusive rights under the federal structure to impose taxes on various commodities, to pave the way for the goods and services tax (gst), a structure that helped several countries achieve higher growth rates.
in a letter to oil minister dharmendra pradhan, naidu said the centre had between november 2014 and january 2016 hiked excise duty on petrol and diesel nine times to take away gains arising from a slump in global oil prices.
also read | punish congress for treachery against farmers, honest taxpayers, says pmsix crore women belonging to all sections and categories were provided with lpg connections under the centre's ujjwala scheme in the last 32 months, modi said, adding, all the welfare schemes are being implemented in a balanced way to benefit all.
as refunding is a big issue, the gstn decided on complete online refunding from september 24 this year from a single source, either by the central gst or state gst, modi said.
open to changes in land bill that benefit poor: pmnew delhi: may 28, 2015, dhns 2:14 istparties should keep aside political motives: modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers, poor, village and nation will be accepted, prime minister modi said on wednesday asserting that along with gst bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time.
its like, no, no, i actually im paying for all of this, barackobama said as he contradicted the general impression that he lived on taxpayers money and had never had to use his wallet.
b'during the debate, chief minister vasundhararaje said rajasthan is a consumer state and the common man stands to benefit from the gst, which will provide relief from price rise.
we are banking on gst checking evasion and buoyancy in collection, arunjaitley said.
former finance minister and congress leader p chidambaram former finance minister and congress leader p chidambaramthe proposed multiple rate gst structure will be disastrous and nothing more than same old vat rates in a new shape, former finance minister p chidambaram said on monday.
returns are the soul of gst and credit is based on that, modi said.
gandhi claimed that lakhs of youth lost jobs because of demonetisation and gst as production in factories stopped due to lack of demand in the market.
economic affairs secretary subhashchandragarg said demonetisation and gst reflect long-term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms.
on why the council has decided on multiple gst rates, arunjaitley said one rate would be highly regressive as hawai chappal and bmw cannot be taxed at the same rate.
rajat mohan, director at tax consultant nangia & co, said: gst is the biggest change that our country would see in last 50 years.
on the issue of review of gst rate on hybrid cars, a detailed paper will be circulated and, after taking comments from states, it will be taken up by the council later, if necessary, arunjaitley said.
any form of direct or indirect gst on free supplies could have a significant impact on the sales & marketing spend of companies, specifically those dealing in consumer products," said pratik jain, national indirect tax leader at pwc prashant raizada, partner - indirect tax at bdo india, said, "the model gst law does not provide any specific guidance on taxability of free samples issued by an entity to a prospective customer".
chief minister sarbananda sonowal, who was also present, said gst has removed the sense of alienation and deprivation from the minds of the people of the northeast by providing huge tax benefits.
pwc leader (indirect tax) jain said the arrest provisions as per the revised model gst law may lead to undue harassment for traders.
insisting that states have nothing to fear, arunjaitley said, the structure of the gst council is such that states have the veto power.
finance minister arunjaitley said that the rates of commodities will depend on its consumers, whether rich or common person, but the gst will make them slightly cheaper.
ajith athrady, dh news service, new delhi, may 20 2017, 15:43 istthe goods and services tax (gst) will help improve india's export growth, commerce minister nirmalasitharaman said here on saturday.
the broad view was that gst will be largely non-inflationary and is a medium-term structural reform, jain said.
piloting the bill, karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said the state has always been at the forefront of issues like implementing tax reforms, including vat.
the efforts are on to enlist the co-operation of all to ensure that gst is in place by the end of this session, modi said.
deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi , who also holds charge of finance and commercial taxes departments, said people have now begun to understand gst which is evident from the fact that the quantum of complaints vis--vis gst has reduced to only 10 per cent.
countering him, ram said the introduction of the state gst bill is only a formality as it has already been passed by parliament.
assembly passes state gst billchief minister ram said karnataka is prepared to implement the gst in the state.
the gst council has given an option to the states to look into the sgst component and the state governments can take decision whether to levy or exempt it, depending on the priority of the sector," said b t manohar, taxation committee chairman at federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industries (fkcci).
new delhi: th e centre will share the draft model gst law with the states tomorrow as it prepares for the rollout of goods and services tax (gst) from april 1 next year, cbec chairman najib shah said today.
replying to questions on congress and some other parties pressing for amendments in the gst bill and whether the government is agreeable to them, naidu said parliament has to function even if these have to be approved.
however, modi told nda leaders to focus on positives like indias progress on several fronts, including its jump in the ease of doing business ratings, and reform measures such as gst to underline his governments efficient handling of the economy.
meanwhile, chief minister ram on friday said there was no need to convene the special session of the legislature as the president has already given his assent to the gst constitutional amendment bill.
we have sent a representation to this effect to the council, said b t manohar, chairman of state taxation committee of fkcci and member of the gst advisory committee to the government of karnataka.
on the issue of taxation powers in offshore areas, which was raised by states in the previous gst council meeting, arunjaitley said states will have taxation powers up to 12 nautical miles in offshore areas.
new delhi: sounding bullish on the state of economy, union home minister rajnathsingh today said the centre was hopeful of crossing the hurdles in rolling out gst from april 1 next year.
unfazed by the blockage of the gst bill in the rajya sabha by congress in the recently concluded parliament session that ended on a bitter note over the lalit modi issue, ram said government was keen to implement the revolutionary and most progressive gst tax proposal from april 1, 2016.
regarding gst, the finance minister said it would be an integrated tax regime which would replace 16 taxes currently being levied by the centre and the state government.
being a delhi girl, i challenge you to fight the last two phases of the lok sabha elections on the issues of demonetisation, gst, women's security and the false promises made to people of the country, priyanka gandhi had said during the roadshow.
commerce minister ram said in chennai she was very optimistic of the passage of the gst while environment minister prakash javadekar said it will be definitely passed because government enjoyed a majority in rajya sabha.
efforts are on to ensure that gst is in place by the end of this session, said pm modi.
addressing bharatiya janata party (bjp) workers, modi said his governments prime objective has been financial inclusion and jan dhan yojana and the gst will help the government achieve its objective.
(file photo) p chidambaram said, before the economy could recover from demonitisation, we had this great gst.
jairam ram (congress) said no one government can take credit for gst and quoted a conversation between lord krishna and arjuna: die following your religion than following that of the other.
sector-specific ups and downs may remain as gst implementation is round the corner," said vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services ltd.the bse 30-share sensex, after opening higher, scaled a high of 31, 229.44, but slipped to end lower by  80.18 points, or  0.26 per cent, at 31, 075.73.
presenting the state budget proposals, chief minister ram said the present system of excise duty on liquor is unable to capture the value addition that takes place in the retail sale of liquor in bars and clubs.
i am ecstatic that there would be no levy of gst on services rendered by government, reserve bank of india, public conveniences, educational institution, services relating to agriculture, transmission or distribution of electricity, renting of residential dwelling for use as a residence, burial, healthcare, specified schemes of general insurance etc, mohan said.
the government and opposition parties were thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister arun jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend demonetisation while congress president gandhi said the note ban cost 1.
and across the states, we find an urge now, that they want to get out of the rigmarole and see brighter ways, ram said, adding that the roll out of the gst, aadhar platform and mobile connectivity were creating conditions for inclusive growth.
siddaramaiah said he will take up the issue in the next gst council meeting.
b t manohar, chairman of taxation committee and team gst of federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industries, said it is consumers' responsibility to ask for the invoice in the proper gst format so that they aren't cheated by vendors.
modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
in case the gst is not extended to the state, the businesses will be crippled as no trader from jammu and kashmir will be able to do business with their counterparts from other parts of the country," drabu said, adding the consumer in j-k will be the worst hit due to double taxation.
finance minister t.m. thomas isaac told the assembly on tuesday that the government hoped to overcome the impact of demonetisation and gst on the states economy in another six months.
talking about the new indirect tax regime, arunjaitley said the government is fully on course to implement the goods and services tax (gst) by july 1.
the panel today also cleared the state-gst (s-gst) and union territory gst (ut-gst) legislations, arunjaitley said while briefing reporters on the deliberations at the 12th meeting of the all-powerful gst council.
initiating the debate on the proposed legislation, congress member shashitharoor said his party was initially not happy with the final shape of the gst bill but went on to support it in keeping with the spirit in which the bill had been prepared by the congress.
talking about gst and demonetisation, gandhi claimed: due to gst and demonetisation, small and medium businesses have been destroyed.
our argument is that the exemptions given in vat be continued in the gst regime also, said finance minister yanamala ramakrishnudu.
i also propose to increase the additional excise duty on beer from 135  to 150 , ram said.
8:45pm: assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal says gst will bring a paradigm shift in the entire indirect tax system.
on the timing of gst implementation, arunjaitley said the government could not have postponed it as there was a constitutional deadline.
we believe in gst and have favoured it since the beginning; it is for the welfare of the state and the country, nitishkumar said after the meeting.
prime minister modi modiprime minister modi on thursday asked his party mps to expose the lies and disinformation campaign of the opposition over the governments stand on obcs and the gst legislation by studying the facts and creating the right awareness about them.
finance minister arunjaitley says 60  of the items presently taxed at 32   a composite of the several taxes that gst will be replacing  will be reduced at four percentage points less.
the provisions contained in rule 122 to 137 have been provided in cgst rules, 2017, to deal with such complaints, minister of state for finance, shiv shukla told parliament on friday.
claiming victory of the congress in its opposition of the land acquisition amendment bill moved by the centre as six out of total nine important changes were taken back, ram said the congress was in favour of the passage of goods and services tax (gst) bill, but wanted four changes in its present form.
replying to congress mla from palwal karan singh dalal, the finance minister assured the house that gst will benefit all.
with figures to show congress governments underperforming on socially key projects, modi said the nda has stemmed the negative tide but was not allowed to work as the opposition was blocking some legislations like the gst bill which is conceived by the united progressive alliance.
todays change should probably bring it down, said ram , adding that the mood at the gst council meeting was very good.
demonetisation was a bad idea implemented badly and gst was a good idea implemented badly, shashitharoor said.
gst council has complete flexibility to do so and will do so i am sure, shah said at an assocham event here.
indias economy should get a lift from the launch of the goods and services tax (gst), finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday, putting a brave face on a slowdown in growth that followed a government crackdown on black money.
however, for real benefit of gst to be realised, it is important that supply chain bottlenecks are reduced, said pratik jain, partner and leader indirect tax at consulting firm pwc.
modi opposed gst when he was chief minister of gujarat and he is now championing the gst as prime minister and we welcome that, ram said adding we welcome the facts that he has made these u-turns and taken positions as prime minister which were opposed to the positions which the bjp took when it was in opposition.
read more hererahul gandhi hits out at bjp govt over gst billspeaking at an interaction with students in mumbai, congress vice president gandhi said it was the bjp which was responsible for the gst bill being delayed for seven years, adding that if the government wanted to see the bill make progress during the upcoming budget session, it would have to give in to their concerns.
terming the proposed goods and service tax as the biggest tax reform since independence, modi also said he has warned those with black money to declare it before the given deadline of september 30, as stern action might be taken after that.
capt abhimanyu said the officers of the state excise and taxation department and the tax research unit had identified some other dealers involved in gst-related fraudulent activities.
during the debate, chief minister vasundhararaje said rajasthan is a consumer state and the common man stands to benefit from the gst, which will provide relief from price rise.
shah said that the gst council has to take into consideration the range of products under gst and the political compulsion of every state while taxing them.
ex-pm should advice cong to change stand on gst: jaitleynew delhi, feb 14, 2015, dhns: 0:46 istif manmohan singh is a real statesman, he should advice congress not to press for gst that provides tariff in constitution, finance minister arunjaitley has said.
about states disagreeing and joining the second wave of gst reform, chidambaram said that even when upa had implemented vat, some had not joined initially and they had joined later, and so eventually all states will fall in line.
taking an indirect dig at bjp-ruled states, ram said as many as 24 states and one union territory have agreed to implement gst, but initially gujarat, madhya pradesh and rajasthan were against it.
stating that the gst rollout is a matter of time, arunjaitley said the obstructionist position of the congress will not continue for long as the countrys mood is reform-oriented.
asked about roadblocks in implementation of gst bill, gandhi said, it was congress which brought in the gst legislation.
businesses will realise the benefits of input tax credit and gst in coming months, mr. das said during an interaction with aarti krishnan, consultant, the hindu business line , organised by the chennai international centre.
september data painted an encouraging picture as the sector continued to recover from the disruptions caused by the introduction of the gst in july," said aashna dodhia, economist at ihs markit and author of the report".
the country should eventually have a gst which will have only slabs of zero, 5 per cent and standard rate with luxury and sin goods as an exception, arunjaitley said.
as regards the compensation to the states on account of any possible loss of revenue following implementation of the gst, arunjaitley said there will be 100 per cent compensation in first three years, 75 per cent in the fourth year and 50 per cent in the fifth year.
the long-delayed gst constitution bill was passed by parliament on august 8, marking a historic step for tax reforms which prime minister modi said was crucial for ending tax terrorism besides reducing corruption and black money while making consumer the king.
former finance minister p ram , who had set the red lines outlined by the congress, said the congress was yet to receive any official copy of the revised formulations from the government on the gst bill.
on whether the government will be able to stick to the deadline of april 1, 2016 for rolling out the gst, arunjaitley said, your guess is as good as mine.
i hope the message would reach those who make such considerations, modi said in an apparent reference to the congresss negotiating team with the government on gst that comprised the rajya sabha members.
the impact of the demonetisation and the gst is well behind us, finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday after the numbers were announced.
in his 42-minute intervention, modi said the gst regime would compel traders to give proper bills to consumers and help fight corruption and black money.
today, the gst system has been established to a large extent and we are working towards a position where 99  items will attract the sub-18  gst slab, modi said at an event in mumbai on tuesday.
if the gst overwrites article 370 of indian constitution or section 5 of j&k constitution) i will not come back to this house," drabu said.
prime minister modi said the gst will come to fruition on monday, when the bill is expected to be tabled again in the lok sabha to discuss the amendments made by the rajya sabha.
former finance minister p chidambaram, who was elected to the rajya sabha in june, had said the government could accommodate congress demand for mentioning the gst rate cap in the constitution (122nd amendment) or gst bill through skilful drafting.
the turnover limit for registration under goods and services tax (gst) has been increased from rs 20 lakh to rs 40 lakh, modi said.
the last date for gst roll out is september 15 but we are trying it from july, arunjaitley said.
former chief economic adviser arvind ram said cross-border ease of doing business has not improved and corporate tax reforms need to be undertaken.
we have set up a gst help desk at the gujarat chamber of commerce and industries (gcci) and are representing the issues of specific industries to the government," said shailesh patwari, the gcci president.
talking about providing relief to traders, modi said the central government wanted the tax liability slab to be raised from rs 20 lakh to rs 75 lakh but could not do this in the last gst council meeting as some states had reservations.
former finance minister p ram had yesterday said if the government addresses three of its fundamental concerns-- maximum gst rate should not cross 18 per cent, no additional one per cent tax and setting up of a grievance redress mechanism--then the congress could consider supporting its passage.
fuel prices will come down once the centre builds a consensus to bring petrol and diesel under the goods and services tax (gst), maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said today.
modi said that gst, which aims to bind 1.
andhra pradesh finance minister ram said the gst council in the 10th meeting discussed the draft model gst law provisions and drat compensation law which are vetted by the law ministry.
read: gst will reflect spirit of one nation, one aspiration: top 10 points from pm modis niti aayog meethere are the highlights:6:22 pm: use of technologies such as bhim, aadhaar would result in significant savings for states, says pm modi6:18 pm: states should use govt e-marketplace to reduce corruption, increase transparency in govt procurement: pm modi6:10 pm: pm modi asks states, local govts, ngos to decide goals for 2022 and work in mission mode to achieve them.
10 (pti): the gst council on friday decided to reduce tax rate on a wide range of mass use items  from chewing gums to detergents - to 18 per cent from the current 28 per cent, bihar deputy chief minister modi said.
limiting the zero rating to food grains or agri products may not lead to any significant reduction on tax costs for the consumers, said rajeev dimri, leader, indirect tax, bmr & associates llp while reacting to gst rate announcement here on thursday.
watch video: whats making newsemphasizing that the gst bill is in the larger interest of the country, naidu said, we have a wider support and we have enough numbers for gst but we would like to have all parties on board because it will have an effect on states.
drabu said the gst regime will roll out in the state at midnight, making jammu and kashmir the last state to join the new tax regime.
in bhilwara, gandhi said demonetisation and gst left lakhs of people unemployed.
sonowal said his government will appoint nodal officers temporarily in every circle to help the taxpayers to register themselves under gst.
federation of indian art silk weaving industry (fiaswi) chairman gandhi said, the industry is getting assurances since the day gst was rolled out.
congress leader gandhi had also tweeted government says 99 per cent of goods will be at 18 per cent gst.
on the goods and services tax (gst), modi asked the states to make legislative arrangements without delay for the rollout of the indirect tax regime from july 1.
aur jo 9-10 ki gst council meeting mein agar koi rajya kathinayi paida nahi karega toh mujhe vishwaas hai ki bharat ke vyapar jagat aur bharat ki aarthik vyavastha ko nayi taqat dene mein jo bhi aawashyak sudhaar honge woh kiye jayenge (if no state raises objection in gst council meeting on november 9-10, then i believe that the necessary changes required for the countrys businesses and the countrys economy would be taken), modi said.
within the first year of gst implementation, arunjaitley said the number of people who registered for gst has gone up by 74 per cent and government has also been able to bring down tax rates for as many as 334 commodities than previous levels.
commerce minister nirmalasitharaman said in chennai she was very optimistic of the passage of the gst while environment minister prakash javadekar said it will be definitely passed because government enjoyed a majority in rajya sabha.
meanwhile, addressing mlas on the premises of the delhi assembly on the gst, chief economic advisor ram said he completely agreed on the principle of bringing liquor and land under the gst and all states should come together to make it happen.
the rates would be the big item to discuss and after that we will go on to draft rules of gst law, said arunjaitley , adding that the  discussion was inconclusive and therefore it will continue in the next meeting on 18th (october).
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said lower claim of tax credit could be due to multiple reasons, some of which would be genuine like delay in recording/processing of invoices, incorrect endorsement of gstin in gstr -1 by supplier, among others".
commerce minister ram on saturday said the goods and services tax (gst) will help improve indias export growth.
regarding gst, jain said the government prefers to stick to the july 1 deadline for its implementation.
still, the best overall performance of the economy was recorded since october 2016, endorsing the standpoint that the economy is recovering from the implementation of the twin shocks of demonetisation and gst," dodhia said.
washington: india continues to be the fastest-growing major economy in the world and its growth will accelerate further due to factors like the implementation of gst, finance minister arunjaitley said.
speaking at the meeting of group of ministers (gom) on the information-technology related issues of gst in bengaluru on saturday, telangana finance minister eatala rajender said the details of gst tax payers, particularly of those who have filed returns, were not accessible to states now.
last month, barackobama announced his intention to reinstate preferential treatment for myanmar under the generalised system of preferences (gsp) programme, a preferential tariff system.
september data painted an encouraging picture as the sector continued to recover from the disruptions caused by the introduction of the gst in july, said aashna dodhia, economist at ihs markit and author of the report.
in an interview to ani, modi said his government wanted to impose a 5 per cent gst on all classes of residential properties, completed or under construction.
many will question how deep an impact the gst will have on the economy in the near- and long-term, firms seem convinced that prospects will brighten as the new tax regime becomes clearer," said de lima.
i also propose to increase the additional excise duty on beer from 135  to 150 , siddaramaiah said.
the matter has been put on hold till gst council decides on the issue, modi said.
finance minister etala rajender, announcing the breakthrough in the talks about goods and services tax (gst) with union finance minister arun jaitley, said that those goods attracting tax between nine per cent and 15 per cent would be now taxed at 12 per cent in telangana.
p chidambaram said, before the economy could recover from demonitisation, we had this great gst.
ganesh shirsekarcongress vice-president rahulgandhi said on saturday that the gst bill will be passed in parliament in in just 15 minutes with congress support if the narendra modi government accepted conditions laid down by his party.
stating that he has been raising the issue that common man has been affected severely due to high tax incidence under gst on several items, yanamala said as a result, out of 228 items under 28% slab only 50 items will remain and all other items brought down to 18% slab or 12% slab.
in a televised address, modi said that every msme in the 100 selected districts and which are registered under goods and services tax (gst) would be given a rebate of 2  interest on the amount of a new loan or incremental loan of up to rs 1 crore.
before leaving for australia, abhimanyu said the indian delegation was visiting the country as gst had been implemented in a better way there and in new zealand.
now the normal gst rate for these services is 18 per cent but because in these sectors the rate itself has been reduced, for job work in these sectors the rate has been fixed at 5 per cent, so that outsourcing through job work in these sectors could be encouraged, arunjaitley said.
today, the gst system has been established to a large extent and we are working towards a position where 99 per cent things will attract the sub-18 per cent gst slab, modi had said.
tax advocate jain , who presented a paper on developing tax culture in india at the event, said the problems faced by taxpayers regarding assessments, rectifications and refunds needed to be addressed.
badungar said there were indications that the gst council would waive off the tax but the issue was not even discussed in the meeting.
in a week, a draft will be prepared and presented before the gst council, which will take the final call on returns simplification, modi said, adding that till the new system is implemented, gstr-3b summary return form will continue.
watch video: people que up at banks to exchange rs 500 & rs 1000 notes: heres what they saidon whether the demonetisation of rs 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money, jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including gst roll out.
in most consumer products, excise duty is applied on mrp (maximum retail price) less abatement of 30-35%," said pratik jain, leader, indirect tax, pwc.
some major reasons for the growth could be reconciliations by businesses of outward and inward supplies, intelligent data analytics, related tax leakage detections and consequent gst payment by businesses, abhishek jain , tax partner, ey india, said.
11: 34 am: pm modi said we learnt the lesson of unity through passing the historic gst bill.
'a day after the gst bill failed to get past parliament and the government had to take recourse to the joint committee of parliament for the bankruptcy bill, finance minister arunjaitley on thursday asked whether the country has not lost out by delaying the gst since the last years budget session.
watch video: whats making newswe have a wider support and we have the numbers for the gst bill, but we would like to take all parties on board because it will have an effect on the states, naidu said.
introducing four bills to give effect to the goods and services tax (gst), arunjaitley said the legislations will have to be passed by parliament and one by each of the state assemblies to turn india into one market with a single tax rate.
taking a strong exception to the cheap political gimmicks of the opposition, manoharlalkhattar said that the opposition earlier criticised me for not meeting the prime minister on the vital issues of the syl canal, gst and the issues of farmers.
dropping hints that the government would reduce tax rates under gst, prime minister modi said on tuesday that 99 per cent things would be brought under gst slabs below 18 per cent.
by ptinew delhi: going forward, as tax revenues significantly increase, india will have gst slabs of 0 per cent, 5 per cent and a standard rate between 12-18 per cent for commonly-used items, finance minister arunjaitley said monday.
finance minister eatala rajender said here on tuesday that the state government will have the option of taking recourse to a legal battle against the goods and services tax if the centre was reluctant to consider its appeals to reduce the tax on its projects and schemes from 12% to 5%.
siddaramaiah also said since parliament has already passed gst bill, the state assembly did not have much scope to debate over it because decision-making powers are vested with the gst council.
pwc india leader (indirect tax) jain said, it is encouraging to see that within four days of the assent of the constitution amendment bill by the president, the government has approved the setting up of the gst council and the first meeting of the council is to be held within 10 days of the cabinet approval.
on relief measures for the middle class, arunjaitley said that in the last five years, not a single tax has been increased, gst has been brought down on most commodities, and income tax relief has been provided.
said dimri, "the idea of not putting rate caps in the constitution is pragmatic considering the dynamic business environment which may demand future changes in the gst rate".
with regard to gst, which is aimed at overhauling the taxation system in the country, modi told the congress, it is yours only, still it is being stopped.
bengaluru: the goods and services tax, to be rolled out in just over a month, will not only check evasions but also help india evolve as a more tax-compliant society, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
they have hiked excise duty on fuel, mamatabanerjee said.
while rbis market stabilisation scheme (mss) to suck the excess liquidity out of the system provided some short-lived relief to banks, the ongoing gst council meet and issues related to dual control and implementation disrupted the investors mood," said vinod nair, head of research, geojit bnp paribas financial services.
on the dissent by mitra, arunjaitley said it was confined to the extent of the 90:10 division between states and the centre, and on other issues, he was in agreement with all other gst council members.
tncci president jegatheesan, in a press release, said that the apart from exempting essential commodities, there has been a proper fitment of other items under the various tax rates of 5%, 12%, 18% and 28% under gst.
more than rs 130 crore in cash and jewellery has been seized and approximately rs 2,000 crore of undisclosed income has been admitted by the taxpayers, it addedin a major assault on black money and terror funding, prime minister modi on november 8 announced demonetisation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes and asked holders of such currencies to deposit it in bank accounts by december end.
when referred to criticism of the gst by gandhi, modi asked whether gst processes have not been implemented through consensus with all political parties in the country.
it is a coincidence that i was the finance minister when value added tax (vat) was introduced and now when gst is going to be introduced, i hold the finance portfolio, siddaramaiah said.
1:45 pm: aiadmks g ram ram says tamil nadu is concerned about the impact gst will have on its fiscal autonomy.
notebandi (demonetisation), prohibition and goods and services tax (gst) were very courageous steps, but many times i feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than demonetisation, deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said at de-addiction day celebrations in patna in the presence of nitish and prohibition, excise and registration minister bijendra prasad yadav.
to prepare the ground for introduction of goods and services tax (gst) regime that envisage higher threshold for registration, siddaramaiah announced that the ceiling for registering with the commercial taxes department will be increased from rs 5 lakh turnover per year to rs 7.
read more hererahul gandhi hits out at bjp govt over gst billspeaking at an interaction with students in mumbai, congress vice president rahulgandhi said it was the bjp which was responsible for the gst bill being delayed for seven years, adding that if the government wanted to see the bill make progress during the upcoming budget session, it would have to give in to their concerns.
by ptiwashington: demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst) are the two major headwinds that held back india's economic growth last year, former rbi governor raghuramrajan has said, asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country's needs.
piloting the bill, karnataka chief minister ram said the state has always been at the forefront of issues like implementing tax reforms, including vat.
introducing the ap state goods and services bill 2017, finance minister yanamala ramakrishnudu said the proposed legislation, introduced on the instructions of the gst council which circulated a draft of the state gst, would confer powers on the state government to levy goods and services tax on the supply of goods and services or both which take place within the state.
speaking to reporters, union finance minister arunjaitley said, tax rate under gst will not go up for any of the commodities.
after the implementation of gst, 35,000 businesses in gurgaon have registered themselves, manoharlalkhattar said.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said the four bills that are crucial for the rollout of the goods and service tax (gst) will be introduced in the lok sabha by early next week and the rate structure would be worked out after march.
prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on thursday asked his party mps to expose the lies and disinformation campaign of the opposition over the governments stand on obcs and the gst legislation by studying the facts and creating the right awareness about them.
rajender said that while supporting the implementation of gst (goods and services tax), telangana urged the centre to exempt paddy, petrol and diesel from the new tax regime.
deputy chief minister modi , who also holds charge of finance and commercial taxes departments, said people have now begun to understand gst which is evident from the fact that the quantum of complaints vis--vis gst has reduced to only 10 per cent.
gst has to be implemented latest by september 16, 2017, and if it is not implemented by then, then states will not be able to collect their share of taxes, and hence there is not enough scope to further delay the decision, arunjaitley said while inaugurating the two-day economic editors conference,so far the government has been successful to resolve most of the major issues through consensus, arunjaitley said, adding we have already sorted out 10 issues.
by ptine delhi: prime minister narendra modi-led government in its second term will implement more economic reforms, raise investment in the farm sector, provide collateral-free loans to entrepreneurs and further simplify gst to boost economic growth, president ram said on thursday.
in his speech, karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said the gst has forged a new model of cooperative decentralisation in the country.
prior to tabling the bill, chief minister siddaramaiah said gst was the brainchild of the upa government, and it was started by then finance minister p chidambaram.
b'rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo) rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo)demonetisation has hammered hard on corruption and the gst implementation has brought a positive change in the economy, rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje said on thursday, lauding 3 years of modi government at centre.
with regard to the goods and services tax (gst), meghwal said the government intends to implement it from april 1.
prime minister narendramodi told the all party meeting that goods and services tax (gst) legislation is in the interest of nation and the finance minister will speak to parties concerned to address their doubts on it, naidu said after the meeting.
countries that rolled out gst have witnessed higher economic growth, says udit ram , adding that an online database of taxes will increase transparency.
ani byraebareli: congress president gandhi on saturday said that no prime minister except narendra modi took foolish decisions such as demonetisation and goods and servies tax (gst) in the past 70 years.
everyone is trying to understand what to do with the stock they bought before the gst came into effect, mr. goyal said.
since the gst bill passed by parliament cannot be applicable to jammu and kashmir in its present form, the state government has brought a modified version of the legislation, finance minister haseeb drabu told reporters here after the cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister mehbooba mufti.
stating that everyone's contribution was necessary for the success of the goods and services tax regime, modi asked the imc to conduct gst training workshops for common people in the limited time that is available before implementing the biggest indirect taxation reform in the nation's hisotry.
prof g v ram , professor of economics at nitte institute of management and former member of karnataka state planning board said that the chief ministers budget speach clearly showed that the state is all set to implement gst from july 2017.
pwc india leader (indirect tax) pratik jain said, "it is encouraging to see that within four days of the assent of the constitution amendment bill by the president, the government has approved the setting up of the gst council and the first meeting of the council is to be held within 10 days of the cabinet approval".
sushil modi , who as finance minister of bihar during nda rule, had headed empowered committee on gst during upa rule, said the gst would do away with multiplicity of tax rates.
by ptinew delhi: hitting out at the opposition, prime minister modi on monday said nearly 8 crore fake beneficiaries were getting government aid during previous dispensations but opposition leaders have gathered now to abuse him as he has stopped their means of looting taxpayers' money.
finance minister arun jailtey (file photo) finance minister arun jailtey (file photo)the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), coupled with a digitised economy ushered in by demonetisation, will make indias economy look much cleaner and bigger, said union finance minister arun jaitley at the vibrant gujarat global summit wednesday.
finance minister arunjaitley on monday said the government could look at merging the 12 per cent and 18 per cent slabs in the gst structure and taking cement off the top bracket of 28 per cent.
naidu said besides gst, the government will push for passage of three bills replacing ordinances on combined entrance exam for medical and dental colleges as well as the one seeking amendments to the enemy property act.
he said the government was setting up a company called gstm, a gigantic goods and services tax platform to house all data related to it.
by aninew delhi: the government is in favour of bringing construction related material in the 5 per cent slab of gst, prime minister modi said on tuesday, while informing that changes in the tax structure will continue as there is scope for improvement.
up chief minister akhileshyadav said here that his party would not support the gst bill without ascertaining if its passage would result in any financial loss to the state exchequer.
the introduction of the goods and services tax (gst) weighed heavily on the indian manufacturing industry in july," said pollyanna de lima, economist at ihs markit.
prime minister narendramodi (pti /file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti /file photo)with still two months left till the goods and services tax (gst) roll out, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said consensus on the new tax regime will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism.
in a facebook post titled 'eighteen months of gst', arunjaitley said, of the 1,216 commodities which are used, broadly 183 are taxed at zero rates, 308 at 5 per cent, 178 at 12 per cent and 517 at 18 per cent.
about gst implementation, shailesh patwari, president of the gcci, said, "the government has been addressing all our queries ever since gst was implemented.
earlier this week, prime minister narendramodi had said 99 per cent of goods and services will be brought in the 18-per-cent or less gst slabs and the highest slab restricted to just a few select luxury and sin goods.
tax collection in the state is expected to touch 20% with the introduction of goods and services tax (gst) regime from july 1, finance minister t.m. thomas isaac has said.
prime minister narendramodi , in his second interview to a private news channel, said that theres mistrust between states sometimes on taxes, but the introduction of gst will make this process very transparent.
the gst council has reduced tax rates of 66 items as against representations received for 133 items, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters here after the 16th meeting of the gst council.
share this article related article government opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money billgovernment opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money bill the lpg puzzlethe lpg puzzle aadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie pointsaadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie points hope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arun jaitleyhope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arunjaitley aadhaar bill introduced in lok sabhaaadhaar bill introduced in lok sabha aadhaar gets statutory status; centre to bring bill in two dayswhile wrapping up the debate, arunjaitley said that except for some questions with regard to privacy and disclosure of information which have been raised, most speakers have actually supported the bill.
describing how his government was following sardar patels principles of unity, modi said gst (one nation one tax), one nation one grid, e-nam and bharatmala are some of the initiatives for new india.
that said, it remained on a weak growth trajectory amid reports that the goods and services tax (gst) was still hindering efforts to secure new clients, said aashna dodhia, economist at ihs markit, and the author of the report.
(source-express photo/nirmal harindran)with petrol ruling at 55-month high and diesel at record levels, andhra pradesh chief minister n babu has asked central government to cut excise duty on the fuels to ease the burden on people.
wheat, rice, sugar can't be taxed at the same rate as a mercedes car or a yacht or tobacco, finance minister arunjaitley had said while ruling out the possibility of a single gst rate.
i hope the message would reach those who make such considerations, babu said in an apparent reference to the congresss negotiating team with the government on gst that comprised the rajya sabha members.
the council will meet again on january 3-4 and will discuss the contentious issue of cross-empowerment, the only main issue that is lacking consensus, said finance minister arunjaitley adding that the next session will also see the cgst and sgst laws being framed in legal language and placed before the states.
finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the meeting that the gst exemption limit for the northeastern states is being doubled to rs 20 lakh.
unless the government sets up an effective mechanism for refund, the new rules will be seen draconian, said b t manohar, chairman of states taxation committee of fkcci and member of karnataka state gst advisory committee.
finance minister captain abhimanyu who presented the bill said, "efforts were being made for the last 10-12 years in the country to implement gst but the main impediment was lack of consensus between the centre and the states".
notebandi (demonetisation), prohibition and goods and services tax (gst) were very courageous steps, but many times i feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than demonetisation, deputy chief minister modi said at de-addiction day celebrations in patna in the presence of nitish and prohibition, excise and registration minister bijendra prasad yadav.
captain abhimanyu said the state collected revenue to the tune of `1,000 crore a year on account of the purchase tax or vat (value-added tax) on food grains; but under the gst regime, it had been proposed that the levy would not apply to food grains.
chief minister vijayrupani listed out the achievements of his government, while deputy chief minister nitin patel told the party workers about the goods and services tax (gst), said pandya.
since the banking industry will also be liable to pay the goods and services tax (gst), in the afternoon session the bankers will meet revenue secretary hasmukh adhia and other officials of certain departments of governments, arunjaitley said.
finance minister arunjaitley , however, said that gst compliance will be further simplified to increase the tax base.
karnataka started preparing even before the parliament passed the gst bill earlier this year, said b t manohar, taxation committee chairman of fkcci.
i have personally written to every chief minister saying that till such time that the gst stabilizes itself, we must not consider seriously imposing some of these taxes because they may increase the burden, the then finance minister arunjaitley had said while replying to a brief debate on the punjab municipal corporation law (extension to chandigarh) amendment bill 2017.
finance minister arunjaitley said there is constitutional compulsion to roll out gst by september 16, 2017.
a few days back, drabu had said the mehbooba mufti government is genuinely interested in building a consensus because the gst is a regime that would last for the next 30-40 years.
finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said that the goods and services tax (gst) council has cleared the draft compensation law -- one of the four enabling laws under the gst constitutional amendment.
in a bid for smooth transition to the new tax regime, ram announced the constitution of gst consultation committee in the commercial taxes department that would have representatives from all the important stakeholders.
the 5  gst on readymade garments below rs 1,000 would benefit the public, being a mass consumption item, arunjaitley said.
besides, 10 taxes of state government like vat, entry tax, luxury tax, entertainment tax etc would be included in state gst, modi said.
while taking a number of questions on gst, gandhi told the audience that the very structure of gst is flawed.
at a meeting organised by union finance minister arun jaitley on gst in new delhi on tuesday, yanamala said andhra pradesh has been collecting vat on the transactions taking place in the territorial waters extending up to 12 nautical miles from the coast since a long time.
clarifying that economic legislation is not about bjp versus all, arunjaitley said it would be very good if the constitutional amendment bill to roll out gst is passed by consensus.
the gst is beneficial for the poor people of the states represented by them, because those states will economically benefit the most from gst, modi said.
naidu, who presented a report card on the achievements of the nda government during the last 20 months, said the centre would strive to get the long-pending gst bill passed in the budget session of parliament which would begin after february 20.
finance minister arunjaitley said the gst council meeting on monday made a significant headway and the issue of cross-empowerment or dual control was resolved.
with indication of revised implementation date of july 1, 2017 for gst, industry gets much needed clarity and some additional time for preparation for this huge reform, said jain , partner and leader, indirect tax, pwc.
rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) december 20, 2018indicating that further simplification of the goods and services tax is on the anvil,prime minister narendra modi had tuesday said his government wants to ensure that '99 per cent things' attract sub-18 per cent gst slab.
finance minister t.m. thomas isaac said here on saturday that the state government would soon develop software to be supplied free to trade and industry for gst migration.
the constitution 122nd constitutional amendment bill was passed by the parliament on august 8, marking a historic step for tax reforms which prime minister modi said was 'crucial' for ending tax terrorism besides reducing corruption and black money while making the consumer 'king'.
modi said a slew of decisions made by the gst council and efforts to make gst simpler are steps in that direction.
finance minister arunjaitley too had said late last week that he saw no reason to postpone gst roll out.
from 28% the rate of gst should be decreased to 18% for auto parts and car accessories and 12% for tractor parts, said brijesh goyal, convener of aap's delhi trade wing.
rajeev dimri, leader (indirect tax) at bmr & associates, said, "the overarching public opinion on gst is that contrary to the declared intent, it would make things more complex".
reacting to the demand of opposition to bring a separate gst law for j&k, drabu said alternative law will require amending constitution of j&k and of india.
siddaramaiah also said the congress party had not opposed gst, but had only raised questions about some of the shortcomings in the bill.
don't evaluate me only on demonetisation and gst; we brought economic reform, built toilets, brought electricity to 18,000 villages, modi had said in an interview to zee news.
to provide legal back up, karnataka unanimously passed the gst bill 2017.
mr. sisodia was in agreement with their [traders] demands and assured them that he would bring up their concerns at the next meeting of the gst council on december 22 and 23, where the issue of jurisdiction will be discussed, said mr. goyal.
non-ac restaurants will attract a gst of 12 per cent, while the rate for ac restaurants and those with liquor licences will be 18 per cent, finance minister arunjaitley said.
pm modi , while addressing the summit, said that indias has now introduced new economic reforms, including the historic gst, which most states are onboard with.
june 1 is the cut-off for considering reforms for this listing and our gst was implemented from july 1, so there is considerable room for further improved position next time, arunjaitley said.
political obstructionism is being used to ensure it does not come on the agenda of parliament, arunjaitley said at the annual general meeting of industry chamber ficci adding that the select committee of the rajya sabha had approved raising the fdi cap in the insurance sector to 49  from the current 26 the fm said there were enough safeguards, and the constitutional system can deal with and effectively defeat this policy of political obstructions.
referring to the gst reform bill introduced in parliament on friday, arunjaitley said an overwhelming majority of states were backing the reform as their fears about revenue loss in the initial years after the gst roll-out would be set at rest through a compensatory mechanism in the transition period.
the fm said the new government had inherited a huge number of unpaid bills of the previous governmentthe subsidy bill and the central sales tax compensation, but hoped to meet the challenge of meeting the fiscal deficit target of 4.
new delhi: political resistance of some parties will not delay the goods and service tax as a constitutional embargo means the tax reform will have to roll out by september next year, finance minister arunjaitley said on saturday.
i am conscious of (the) fact that the current political attitude of some political parties is to delay implementation of gst but the constitutional mandate is very clear, arunjaitley said, adding the old taxation regime can continue for just one year from september 16, the date of notification.
the constitution mandates the gst has to come in place before september 16, 2017 and states who do not do it will lose the right to collect taxes, said the fm.
giving reasons for lowering the tax rates, finance minister arunjaitley had said the objective was to maintain equivalence to the existing taxation level.
new delhi, jun 26 () following are the top businessnew delhi, jun 26 () following are the top business stories at 2000 hrs today:del15 biz-gst-jaitley-jknew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today asked jammu and kashmir to roll out gst from july 1 as failure to implement it will lead to adverse impact of price rise and put local industry at a disadvantage.
this (demonetisation), coupled with gst, in the days to come will ensure much larger revenues as far as states and the central government are concerned and expand the size as far as the formal economy is concerned, arunjaitley said at the cii partnership summit here.
if the impact of demonetisation was that huge on informal sector, there would have been social unrest, arunjaitley said, adding any adverse impact of the two back-to-back reforms  gst and demonetisation were almost behind us.
jaitley said states would be compensated every two months instead of every quarter for the losses they might incur during gst implementation.
file photofinance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the goods and services tax (gst), which is likely to be rolled out from july 1, will help curb tax evasion and reduce prices of various commodities by reducing tax on tax.
gst will be a game changer and will help in curbing tax evasion, bringing transparency and efficiency in tax administration, reducing the prices of various items by avoiding tax on tax and ensuring seamless transfer of goods from one region to another, among others, arunjaitley said, addressing the 23rd conference of auditors general of commonwealth countries and british overseas territories in delhi.
jaitley said that gst will simplify the most complicated indirect tax system in the country by subsuming various central and state indirect taxes and introducing the concept of one nation, one tax.
addressing a town hall meeting at s k memorial hall here, adhia said the gdp of the country would rise by 2  with implementation of gst, which would in turn lead to creation of lakhs of new job opportunities in the country.
though there is a rise of 3  in the overall tax slab, the developers would also get several tax credits under gst, which would make the properties cheaper, adhia said.
adhia said 23 types of cess of the central government and several other kinds of cess charged by the state government would abolish following implementation of gst.
adhia said there would be no need of integrated check posts on state borders following implementation of gst.
it has been estimated that trucks waste around 35  of their total travel time at the check posts, said adhia.
speaking on the issue of migration of individuals from vat to gst, adhia said digital verification would not be required for them (as needed for companies), when the next phase of migration starts from june 25.
adhia said whenever tax on inputs would be more than tax on finished products and services, the additional tax would be refunded to manufacturers or service providers, except textile fabric.
compliance burden of medium and small taxpayers in gst has been reduced, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the 22nd meeting of the council.
jaitley said the council also decided to cut gst rates on 27 common use items.
jaitley said big taxpayers, who make 94-95 per cent of the total taxes, will continue to file monthly returns and pay taxes on a monthly basis.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said the goods and services tax (gst) collections in the first two months have met the target and going forward the revenue will see a further surge.
gst and demonetisation together will lead to higher revenues in future, greater compliance and give us a cleaner and better economy, arunjaitley said.
in a letter to the chief ministers of all the states wednesday, text of which was released to the media here sep 11, j.jayalalithaa said: i do hope you will agree with my views that, before enactment of the constitutional amendment bill on gst is taken up, the government of india should strive for a broad consensus on the important issues relating to gst without compromising the fiscal autonomy of the states.
referring to the revised draft constitutional amendment bill on gst circulated by the central government, j.jayalalithaa said there are number of serious concerns on the impact of proposed gst whould have on the fiscal autonomy of the states.
the proposal of the government of india to bring petroleum products under the ambit of the goods and services tax is another area of concern which would seriously diminish the limited revenue resources of the states, j.jayalalithaa said.
twitter.com/vvjmucevlq  ani (@ani) august 15, 20178:24 am: demonetisation has helped bring black money into formal economy: pm8:23 am: modi says after note ban, three lakh shell companies were detected; 1.