in a statement, its president n. jegatheesan and senior president s. rethinavelu said that the trade and industry was apprehensive that when the gst was introduced under single country, single market, single tax principle, the revenue neutral rate might be fixed by individual states at a higher scale.
finance minister arunjaitley too had said late last week that he saw no reason to postpone gst roll out.
everyone is trying to understand what to do with the stock they bought before the gst came into effect, mr. goyal said.
many will question how deep an impact the gst will have on the economy in the near- and long-term, firms seem convinced that prospects will brighten as the new tax regime becomes clearer," said de lima.
about gst implementation, shailesh patwari, president of the gcci, said, "the government has been addressing all our queries ever since gst was implemented.
ajith athrady, dh news service, new delhi, may 20 2017, 15:43 istthe goods and services tax (gst) will help improve india's export growth, commerce minister nirmalasitharaman said here on saturday.
therefore, excise duty collection this quarter may fall unless the government provides higher percentage of deemed credit (currently proposed at 40 per cent of cgst), jain said.
the gst policy wing is planning to come out with a circular clarifying on the zero-rating status of such duty free shops and circular may also outlay a detailed procedure of claiming refund of the taxes so paid," mohan said.
we hope the gst council clarify this soon and till such time, we suggest the jewellers make do with a simple delivery challan ," said b t manohar, chairman of taxation committee, federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industries.
former finance minister and congress leader p chidambaram former finance minister and congress leader p chidambaramthe proposed multiple rate gst structure will be disastrous and nothing more than same old vat rates in a new shape, former finance minister p chidambaram said on monday.
any form of direct or indirect gst on free supplies could have a significant impact on the sales & marketing spend of companies, specifically those dealing in consumer products," said pratik jain, national indirect tax leader at pwc prashant raizada, partner - indirect tax at bdo india, said, "the model gst law does not provide any specific guidance on taxability of free samples issued by an entity to a prospective customer".
before leaving for australia, abhimanyu said the indian delegation was visiting the country as gst had been implemented in a better way there and in new zealand.
gcci president shailesh patwari , said, igst refunds between rs 4,000 crore and rs 5,000 crore are yet to be processed.
reiterating that the gst was 'god service tax', badungar said, repeated pleas before the prime minister and the union finance minister had failed to yield desired results.
tokyo, press trust of india may 8 2017, 12:01 istthe goods and services tax (gst) is on schedule for implementation fromjuly 1and will not lead to any significant increase in prices of goods although cost of some services may see a marginal hike, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
it is not only the gst but many pro-poor steps are stuck in parliament, pm modi said at a function.
finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said that the goods and services tax (gst) council has cleared the draft compensation law -- one of the four enabling laws under the gst constitutional amendment.
finance minister arunjaitley , however, said that gst compliance will be further simplified to increase the tax base.
in a separate reply, shukla said the gst anti-profiteering authority has till december 26 received 169 complaints alleging suppliers of goods have not passed on benefit of cost cuts.
karnataka chief minister ram said the gst bill has provision to merge the entry tax with the gst and adoption of this clause would lead to a loss to the state revenues.
demonetisation was a bad idea implemented badly and gst was a good idea implemented badly, shashitharoor said.
the gst council has reduced tax rates of 66 items as against representations received for 133 items, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters here after the 16th meeting of the gst council.
when referred to criticism of the gst by gandhi, modi asked whether gst processes have not been implemented through consensus with all political parties in the country.
replying to congress mla from palwal karan singh dalal, the finance minister assured the house that gst will benefit all.
the landmark gst legislation will reflect the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination, said prime minister modi , as he addressed the third meeting of the governing council of niti aayog on sunday.
in his speech, president pranabmukherjee said gst would boost economic efficiency.
when asked why did the congress allow the gst bill to be passed in the rajya sabha if they knew it was flawed, gandhi said, we had tried stopping.
the gst is beneficial for the poor people of the states represented by them, because those states will economically benefit the most from gst, modi said.
why would we want to hike taxes and earn brickbats when gst is likely to be implemented across the country soon ?
commerce and industry minister ram today said amercian phone-maker apples demand for tax incentives to set up a manufacturing unit in the country will have be looked at after the goods and services tax (gst) is rolled out.
today, the gst system has been established to a large extent and we are working towards a position where 99  items will attract the sub-18  gst slab, modi said at an event in mumbai on tuesday.
prime minister modi (pti /file photo) prime minister modi (pti /file photo)with still two months left till the goods and services tax (gst) roll out, prime minister modi on sunday said consensus on the new tax regime will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism.
less than a month before the gst regime is set to kick in from july 1, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee today said her government would not support the new tax system in its present form.
as refunding is a big issue, the gstn decided on complete online refunding from september 24 this year from a single source, either by the central gst or state gst, modi said.
commerce and industry minister nirmalasitharaman today said amercian phone-maker apples demand for tax incentives to set up a manufacturing unit in the country will have be looked at after the goods and services tax (gst) is rolled out.
finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the meeting that the gst exemption limit for the northeastern states is being doubled to rs 20 lakh.
he said gst had been implemented in the united states already.
prime minister modi said the gst will come to fruition on monday, when the bill is expected to be tabled again in the lok sabha to discuss the amendments made by the rajya sabha.
the gst council has given an option to the states to look into the sgst component and the state governments can take decision whether to levy or exempt it, depending on the priority of the sector," said b t manohar, taxation committee chairman at federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industries (fkcci).
new delhi: pinning hopes on quick resolution of the difficult issue of tax jurisdiction with states, finance minister arunjaitley today said that goods and services tax regime will be rolled out from april next year.
b.t. manohar, chairman, state taxes committee, fkcci, says: gst will certainly bring down prices and check inflation.
b'india is committed to taking hard and difficult decisions in the long-term interest of the economy,prime minister manmohansingh said today,while assuring japanese industry that the long-awaited goods and services tax (gst) regime facing hurdles from states will be in place in an appropriate type by 2014.
sushil modi , who as finance minister of bihar during nda rule, had headed empowered committee on gst during upa rule, said the gst would do away with multiplicity of tax rates.
in his 42-minute intervention, modi said the gst regime would compel traders to give proper bills to consumers and help fight corruption and black money.
rajeev dimri, leader, indirect tax, bmr and associates llp, said, "gst bills as passed by lok sabha should provide enough material to india inc to start implementing gst for the business".
on relief measures for the middle class, arunjaitley said that in the last five years, not a single tax has been increased, gst has been brought down on most commodities, and income tax relief has been provided.
naidu said gst would revolutionise the taxation system and increase the revenue by 1.
but the gst council has further pruned 12 more items, modi said.
asked whether the central gst and the integrated gst bills would come up before parliament during the winter session, arunjaitley said, that is the effort.
sector-specific ups and downs may remain as gst implementation is round the corner," said vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services ltd.the bse 30-share sensex, after opening higher, scaled a high of 31, 229.44, but slipped to end lower by  80.18 points, or  0.26 per cent, at 31, 075.73.
the gst will strive to free india from tax terrorism, modi said as he vowed to pay tribute to freedom fighters after 75 years of independence by bringing in the tax reform as soon as possible.
by express news servicenew delhi: days after prime minister modi announced that gst on 99 per cent of goods and services would be brought under the tax bracket of 18 per cent or lower, the gst council on saturday decided to slash indirect tax on two dozen items.
similarly, haryana finance minister captain abhimanyu said the gst council needed to ensure that there is no increase in the price of farm goods, which have been exempted from the new levy.
emphasizing that the gst bill is in the larger interest of the country, naidu said, "we have a wider support and we have enough numbers for gst but we would like to have all parties on board because it will have an effect on states".
i have personally written to every chief minister saying that till such time that the gst stabilises itself, we must not consider seriously imposing some of these taxes because they may increase the burden, the then finance minister arunjaitley had said while replying to a brief debate on the punjab municipal corporation law (extension to chandigarh) amendment bill 2017.
chief minister sarbananda sonowal, who was also present, said gst has removed the sense of alienation and deprivation from the minds of the people of the northeast by providing huge tax benefits.
i have personally written to every chief minister saying that till such time that the gst stabilizes itself, we must not consider seriously imposing some of these taxes because they may increase the burden, the then finance minister arunjaitley had said while replying to a brief debate on the punjab municipal corporation law (extension to chandigarh) amendment bill 2017.
in case the gst is not extended to the state, the businesses will be crippled as no trader from jammu and kashmir will be able to do business with their counterparts from other parts of the country," drabu said, adding the consumer in j-k will be the worst hit due to double taxation.
ganesh shirsekarcongress vice-president gandhi said on saturday that the gst bill will be passed in parliament in in just 15 minutes with congress support if the narendra modi government accepted conditions laid down by his party.
finance minister arunjaitley said the taxpayers with an aggregate turnover of rs 40 lakh would now be exempted from the gst.
addressing a seminar on compliance procedures under gst organised by the federation of andhra pradesh and telangana chambers of commerce and industry (ftapcci) here, mr. ramakrishnudu said gst had not yet been fixed for 10 commodities.
addressing cii-kotak investors' round table here, arunjaitley said that the gst council, headed by him and comprising representatives of all states, will in the next few days finalise the rates of tax for different goods and services and the country is on track to roll out the simplified indirect tax regime fromjuly 1.
that said, it remained on a weak growth trajectory amid reports that the goods and services tax (gst) was still hindering efforts to secure new clients," said aashna dodhia, economist at ihs markit, and the author of the report.
(express file photo by prem nath pandey)a day before the introduction of the state goods and service tax (gst) bill in the odisha assembly, chief minister naveenpatnaik on wednesday said gst was a major financial reform which would transform the country into one single market.
modi said that traders dont have to wait for the next budget anymore as the gst council has the power to revise the slab every two months.
hyderabad: union minister m m.venkaiahnaidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
read more hererahul gandhi hits out at bjp govt over gst billspeaking at an interaction with students in mumbai, congress vice president gandhi said it was the bjp which was responsible for the gst bill being delayed for seven years, adding that if the government wanted to see the bill make progress during the upcoming budget session, it would have to give in to their concerns.
gst is a once in a lifetime opportunity for the government to remove anomalies in tobacco taxation in india and bring a fair relief to the tobacco farmers without compromising on its tobacco control goals, faifa general secretary babu said in a statement.
i will still keep my fingers crossed, arunjaitley told media persons after the gst council meet here.
that said, it remained on a weak growth trajectory amid reports that the goods and services tax (gst) was still hindering efforts to secure new clients, said aashna dodhia, economist at ihs markit, and the author of the report.
describing how his government was following sardar patels principles of unity, modi said gst (one nation one tax), one nation one grid, e-nam and bharatmala are some of the initiatives for new india.
he said the haryana goods and services tax act, 2017 had been passed by the haryana vidhan sabha on may 4.
when asked whether the gst could be rolled out from april one, 2017, arunjaitley said, i am trying my best.
the broad view was that gst will be largely non-inflationary and is a medium-term structural reform, jain said.
deputy chief minister modi , who also holds charge of finance and commercial taxes departments, said people have now begun to understand gst which is evident from the fact that the quantum of complaints vis--vis gst has reduced to only 10 per cent.
the matter has been put on hold till gst council decides on the issue, modi said.
ganesh shirsekarcongress vice-president rahulgandhi said on saturday that the gst bill will be passed in parliament in in just 15 minutes with congress support if the narendra modi government accepted conditions laid down by his party.
speaking at the annual general meeting of ficci last week, finance minister arunjaitley had said a delayed gst is better than a flawed gst.
efforts are on to ensure that gst is in place by the end of this session, said pm modi.
finance minister arunjaitley said the gst council meeting on monday made a significant headway and the issue of cross-empowerment or dual control was resolved.
since the gst bill passed by parliament cannot be applicable to jammu and kashmir in its present form, the state government has brought a modified version of the legislation, finance minister haseeb drabu told reporters here after the cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister mehbooba mufti.
while rbis market stabilisation scheme (mss) to suck the excess liquidity out of the system provided some short-lived relief to banks, the ongoing gst council meet and issues related to dual control and implementation disrupted the investors mood," said vinod nair, head of research, geojit bnp paribas financial services.
the landmark gst legislation will reflect the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination, said prime minister narendramodi , as he addressed the third meeting of the governing council of niti aayog on sunday.
8:45pm: assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal says gst will bring a paradigm shift in the entire indirect tax system.
prime minister modi told the all party meeting that goods and services tax (gst) legislation is in the interest of nation and the finance minister will speak to parties concerned to address their doubts on it, naidu said after the meeting.
in a statement issued here, chamber president n. jegatheesan said that a gst trade body could comprise representatives of trade and industry drawn from across the country to provide suggestions and conduct parleys with the finance ministers of various states and the union finance minister.
b'rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo) rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo)demonetisation has hammered hard on corruption and the gst implementation has brought a positive change in the economy, rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje said on thursday, lauding 3 years of modi government at centre.
drabu said the gst regime will roll out in the state at midnight, making jammu and kashmir the last state to join the new tax regime.
gst scheduled for july 1 rolloutthe goods and services tax (gst) is on schedule for implementation from july 1 and will not lead to any significant increase in prices of goods although cost of some services may see a marginal hike, finance minister arunjaitley said on monday.
prior to tabling the bill, chief minister ram said gst was the brainchild of the upa government, and it was started by then finance minister p chidambaram.
hoping that goods and services tax (gst) will be introduced from july 1, jaitley said a consensus has been arrived at between the centre and states on most of the contentious issues in the gst council meeting.
read more hererahul gandhi hits out at bjp govt over gst billspeaking at an interaction with students in mumbai, congress vice president rahulgandhi said it was the bjp which was responsible for the gst bill being delayed for seven years, adding that if the government wanted to see the bill make progress during the upcoming budget session, it would have to give in to their concerns.
in his meeting with top revenue department officials yesterday, modi said the gst council would need to have intensive meetings to be able to make timely recommendations relating to its mandate, including proposals relating to model gst laws, gst rates, goods and services that may be subjected to or exempted from gst.
prior to tabling the bill, chief minister siddaramaiah said gst was the brainchild of the upa government, and it was started by then finance minister p chidambaram.
finance minister arunjaitley said that the rates of commodities will depend on its consumers, whether rich or common person, but the gst will make them slightly cheaper.
captain abhimanyu said the haryana government agreed with the empowered committee recommendation that full gst compensation be paid at least for five years through an independent mechanism, which should be in-built in the constitution.
assembly passes state gst billchief minister ram said karnataka is prepared to implement the gst in the state.
chidambaram said, gst stands for gabbar singh tax, the rate must not be more than 18 per cent in any circumstance.
deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi , who also holds charge of finance and commercial taxes departments, said people have now begun to understand gst which is evident from the fact that the quantum of complaints vis--vis gst has reduced to only 10 per cent.
the way the fitment discussions have happened in the gst council and the way commodities and services have been treated, gst is only going to help in improving our exports, ram said at a media conference to brief three years achievements of her ministry.
the bills very clearly specify that gst would be charged on any lease of land or letting out of the building or construction of a complex, building, civil structure or a part thereof, where whole or any part of consideration has been received before issuance of completion certificate or its first occupation," nangia & co director rajat mohan said.
the industry also expects the gst level to be rationalised to a lower level (28 per cent to 18 per cent) to accommodate the downturn in sales, ram said.
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said low gst collections might lead to high fiscal deficit for states and hence tax and non-tax resources available exclusively to states' authorities might be tapped".
shrinking cong strength in rs will make gst happen: jaitleynew delhi, dec 30, 2015, (pti) 19:37 isthitting back at congress party's trinity remarks, finance minister arunjaitley today said gods don't vote in parliament, and gst will happen as the strength of main opposition party is shrinking in the rajya sabha.
whatever the reasons and the circumstances, the gst should have been allowed to be introduced in parliament in the monsoon session to facilitate the way for its eventual passage, amarindersingh said in a statement on friday.
today, the gst system has been established to a large extent and we are working towards a position where 99 per cent things will attract the sub-18 per cent gst slab, modi had said.
rajat mohan, director at tax consultant nangia & co, said: "gst is the biggest change that our country would see in last 50 years.
new delhi, apr 24, 2015 (pti) 17:44 istthe long-pending goods and services tax (gst) bill was today moved in the lok sabha for consideration amid stiff resistance by several opposition parties, even as finance minister arunjaitley said it is a win-win measure and states have nothing to fear.
commerce minister ram on saturday said the goods and services tax (gst) will help improve indias export growth.
replying to the seven-hour-long debate, finance minister arunjaitley said the gst, which will usher in a uniform indirect tax regime in the country, will make commodities slightly cheaper.
read: gst will reflect spirit of one nation, one aspiration: top 10 points from pm modis niti aayog meethere are the highlights:6:22 pm: use of technologies such as bhim, aadhaar would result in significant savings for states, says pm modi6:18 pm: states should use govt e-marketplace to reduce corruption, increase transparency in govt procurement: pm modi6:10 pm: pm modi asks states, local govts, ngos to decide goals for 2022 and work in mission mode to achieve them.
the 5  gst on readymade garments below rs 1,000 would benefit the public, being a mass consumption item, arunjaitley said.
ajith athrady, dh news service, new delhi, may 20 2017, 15:43 istthe goods and services tax (gst) will help improve india's export growth, commerce minister ram said here on saturday.
a day after gandhi said the gst bill will be passed in parliament in just 15 minutes with his party's support if the narendra modi government accepted conditions laid down by it, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said it was not not fair on its part to set conditions for the passage of the measure.
gst has to be implemented latest by september 16, 2017, and if it is not implemented by then, then states will not be able to collect their share of taxes, and hence there is not enough scope to further delay the decision, arunjaitley said while inaugurating the two-day economic editors conference,so far the government has been successful to resolve most of the major issues through consensus, arunjaitley said, adding we have already sorted out 10 issues.
further, gst will broaden the tax base, and result in better tax compliance due to a robust it infrastructure, arunjaitley said.
it is a coincidence that i was the finance minister when value added tax (vat) was introduced and now when gst is going to be introduced, i hold the finance portfolio, ram said.
former chief economic adviser arvind ram said cross-border ease of doing business has not improved and corporate tax reforms need to be undertaken.
a few days ago, finance minister arunjaitley had said at a function in mumbai that the stalling gst was providing sadistic pleasure to some people.
federation of indian art silk weaving industry (fiaswi) chairman gandhi said, the industry is getting assurances since the day gst was rolled out.
while gst is unlikely to be a positive for economic growth in the short term, crisils ram said the reform will improve the ease of doing business, bolster investor sentiment and lure more foreign investment in coming years.
assembly passes state gst billchief minister siddaramaiah said karnataka is prepared to implement the gst in the state.
10 (pti): the gst council on friday decided to reduce tax rate on a wide range of mass use items  from chewing gums to detergents - to 18 per cent from the current 28 per cent, bihar deputy chief minister modi said.
gst collections in april exceeding rs 1 lakh crore is a landmark achievement and a confirmation of increased economic activity as brought out by other reports, arunjaitley said in a tweet.
naidu, who presented a report card on the achievements of the nda government during the last 20 months, said the centre would strive to get the long-pending gst bill passed in the budget session of parliament which would begin after february 20.
new delhi: prime minister modi on monday said that the goods and services tax bill was a very big and important step towards getting the country rid of tax terrorism.
speaking to mediapersons here on sunday, dr. isaac said that gst had resulted in price hike of commodities.
a few days back, drabu had said the mehbooba mufti government is genuinely interested in building a consensus because the gst is a regime that would last for the next 30-40 years.
gst will put in place a state-of-the-art indirect tax system by april 1, 2016, arunjaitley said on saturday.
many will question how deep an impact the gst will have on the economy in the near- and long-term, firms seem convinced that prospects will brighten as the new tax regime becomes clearer, said de lima.
stating that both the centre and states are committed to ensuring that a taxpayer is assessed only once in the hands of one tax administration, shah said that the gst was conceived as a dual structure and the government does not want to convert that into "duel" assessment".
in a week, a draft will be prepared and presented before the gst council, which will take the final call on returns simplification, modi said, adding that till the new system is implemented, gstr-3b summary return form will continue.
andhra pradesh finance minister ram said the gst council in the 10th meeting discussed the draft model gst law provisions and drat compensation law which are vetted by the law ministry.
siddaramaiah also said the gst, which will come into effect from april next year, will boost the economic environment.
it is a coincidence that i was the finance minister when value added tax (vat) was introduced and now when gst is going to be introduced, i hold the finance portfolio, siddaramaiah said.
simultaneously the gst council will work on the functional modalities for implementation such that same person is not assessed by both centre and states, arunjaitley said.
the bills very clearly specify that gst would be charged on any lease of land or letting out of the building or construction of a complex, building, civil structure or a part thereof, where whole or any part of consideration has been received before issuance of completion certificate or its first occupation, nangia & co director rajat mohan said.
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said the issue could be resolved if gst compliance structure is simplified and government programmes are designed to achieve a robust digital literacy in the long run".
badungar said there were indications that the gst council would waive off the tax but the issue was not even discussed in the meeting.
the gst council has flexibility to do so and will do so i am sure," shah said at an assocham event.
the efforts are on to enlist the co-operation of all to ensure that gst is in place by the end of this session, modi said.
karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said the gst bill has provision to merge the entry tax with the gst and adoption of this clause would lead to a loss to the state revenues.
in his speech, karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said the gst has forged a new model of cooperative decentralisation in the country.
the gst council has already approved five sets of rules and regulations relating to registration, payments, refund, invoice and returns, arunjaitley said, adding there are four others -- composition, valuation, input tax credit and transitions -- which now require a formal approval.
watch video: whats making newsemphasizing that the gst bill is in the larger interest of the country, naidu said, we have a wider support and we have enough numbers for gst but we would like to have all parties on board because it will have an effect on states.
commerce minister nirmalasitharaman on saturday said the goods and services tax (gst) will help improve indias export growth.
in his speech, karnataka chief minister ram said the gst has forged a new model of cooperative decentralisation in the country.
10 (pti): the gst council on friday decided to reduce tax rate on a wide range of mass use items  from chewing gums to detergents - to 18 per cent from the current 28 per cent, bihar deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said.
before the gst was rolled out, there were 65 lakh registered enterprises; the number has risen by 55 lakh, modi said.
mumbai: hdfc chairman deepak on friday said the goods and services tax (gst) regime can push up the country's growth by as much as 150-200 basis points (bps).
berlin: prime minister modi today said india has already completed a sizable part of reforms and the historic goods and services tax (gst) regime will be rolled out from july.
stating that the gst rollout is a matter of time, arunjaitley said the obstructionist position of the congress will not continue for long as the countrys mood is reform-oriented.
'a day after the gst bill failed to get past parliament and the government had to take recourse to the joint committee of parliament for the bankruptcy bill, finance minister arunjaitley on thursday asked whether the country has not lost out by delaying the gst since the last years budget session.
the state will receive an additional income of rs. 3,000 crore once the gst regime is implemented, finance minister t.m. thomas isaac has said.
now the normal gst rate for these services is 18 per cent but because in these sectors the rate itself has been reduced, for job work in these sectors the rate has been fixed at 5 per cent, so that outsourcing through job work in these sectors could be encouraged, arunjaitley said.
the long-delayed gst constitution bill was passed by parliament on august 8, marking a historic step for tax reforms which prime minister modi said was crucial for ending tax terrorism besides reducing corruption and black money while making consumer the king.
gst council has complete flexibility to do so and will do so i am sure, shah said at an assocham event here.
shah said that the gst council has to take into consideration the range of products under gst and the political compulsion of every state while taxing them.
finance minister arunjaitley says 60  of the items presently taxed at 32   a composite of the several taxes that gst will be replacing  will be reduced at four percentage points less.
modi said gst would help to achieve the government's aim of empowering the poor.
gst council has reduced tax rates of 66 items as against representations received for 133 items, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters here after the 16th meeting of the gst council.
the council will meet again on january 3-4 and will discuss the contentious issue of cross-empowerment, the only main issue that is lacking consensus, said finance minister arunjaitley adding that the next session will also see the cgst and sgst laws being framed in legal language and placed before the states.
by uninew delhi: the gst council of state finance ministers began on saturday and may look into the issue of filing of returns and the refund processes for small and mid-size businesses and reach a consensus on taxation as prime minister modi had announced that 99 per cent of 1,200 goods and services would be brought under 18 per cent slab or less.
modi said that the gst reflected the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination.
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said gst would make dutyfree shops uncompetitive via-a-vis those situated outside the airport.
in most consumer products, excise duty is applied on mrp (maximum retail price) less abatement of 30-35%," said pratik jain, leader, indirect tax, pwc.
mumbai: hdfc chairman deepakparekh on friday said the goods and services tax (gst) regime can push up the country's growth by as much as 150-200 basis points (bps).
the goods and services tax (gst)," said pollyanna de lima, economist at ihs markit and author of the report".
therefore, gst will have to paid only in exceptional situation where gifts are given on voluntary basis, such as diwali gifts to employees and that too if the value is more than rs 50,000," said pratik jain, partner and leader indirect tax at consulancy firm pwc india.
prime minister narendramodi told the all party meeting that goods and services tax (gst) legislation is in the interest of nation and the finance minister will speak to parties concerned to address their doubts on it, naidu said after the meeting.
new delhi: terming the company formed to create it backbone for rollout of gst as anti-national, bjp mp ram today said the goods and services tax (gst) bill can be passed by parliament only if gstn gets security clearancethe goods and services tax network (gstn) is the special purpose vehicle that was formed under the previous upa regime to set up the information technology backbone for rolling out the indirect tax regime that will replace myriad local levies.
watch video: people que up at banks to exchange rs 500 & rs 1000 notes: heres what they saidon whether the demonetisation of rs 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money, jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including gst roll out.
commending the bill for consideration and passage, arunjaitley said: gst is going to lead to a win-win situation as far as the centre and the states are concerned.
to start with, there should be lighter penal provision for offences for at least two years as gst is a new tax regime and traders would need time to understand the law, jain said.
the way the fitment discussions have happened in the gst council and the way commodities and services have been treated, gst is only going to help in improving our exports, ram said here, briefing on three years of initiatives and achievements of the commerce ministry.
rajat mohan, director at tax consultant nangia & co, said: gst is the biggest change that our country would see in last 50 years.
1:45 pm: aiadmks g ram ram says tamil nadu is concerned about the impact gst will have on its fiscal autonomy.
but i am sure as the gst experience moves on, i think, natural gas, real estate -- these are areas which are to be brought in and then probably at some stage we will keep trying for petrol, diesel and potable alcohol, arunjaitley said.
hyderabad: union minister m naidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
prime minister narendramodi (pti /file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti /file photo)with still two months left till the goods and services tax (gst) roll out, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said consensus on the new tax regime will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism.
