mamata mamatabanerjee also claimed that demonetisation has brought back barter system on a massive scale throughout the state.
modi said you would all get rs 15 lakh each; that the black money would be brought back.
watch video | find out what pm modi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionin the worlds largest democracy the demonetisation was revolutionary: it called into question the states promise to pay the bearer the face value on every banknote.
it is a fact that perhaps the demonetisation process, as was pointed out, may cause a momentary setback or momentary slowdown (to the country's exports), commerce secretary rita teaotia said.
economic affairs secretary subhashchandragarg said demonetisation and gst reflect long-term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms.
this will make digital payments easy even for those who cannot read or write, thus realising ambedkars vision of social and financial empowerment for all, modi said.
the quotation killings and attacks began to be reported across the state, particularly from malappuram and kozhikode, by the late 1980s and early 90s, with unaccounted money flowing in from the gulf and with gold smuggling becoming lucrative,retired sp babu says hawala operators and gold dealers in kozhikode and malappuram were the first to tap the potential of quotation gangs.
kochi: chief economic advisor ram has said demonetisation can be called successful only if the amount of currency in circulation comes down over time and there is an increase in tax compliance.
it is a fact that perhaps the demonetisation process, as was pointed out, it may cause a momentary setback or momentary slowdown (to india's exports)," commerce secretary rita teaotia said.
otherwise, the mass anger due to agrarian distress, demonetisation or rising fuel prices among others will not have led to humiliation for the bjp in the assembly polls, omarabdullah said at an event here.
meghwal said that after the demonetisation move, the digital transactions at petrol pumps have shown a remarkable increase.
of these, 21,000 atms were functional and the rest are cdms, sbi chairman arundhatibhattacharya said.
finance secretary ashok lavasa on december 16 had said that the withdrawal limit was to be reviewed after december 30, 2016.
maen desh ke kale dhan ke neeche garibon ke dabne nahi doonga (i will not allow black money to crush the poor), modi told the parliamentary party meeting of the bjp on tuesday morning.
on the occasion, union minister m naidu said that the demonetisation was also a part of the digital india.
demonetisation +times of india litfest +new delhi:will hasten the digitisation of the financial economy and financial inclusion, said nandan nilekani , former chairman of the unique identification authority of india, at thetoday.
asked if it was now clear that demonetisation led to lower growth, arunjaitley said: what you think is very clear is not very clear.
new delhi: asserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arunjaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
reacting to union finance minister arun jaitleys claim that the post-demonetisation situation in the country would stabilise in another two to three weeks, amarindersingh said he did not see the situation improving even in the next one year.
rohatgi told the court that black money destabilises economy and the country.
modi said demonetisation would curb terrorism, but it is maximum under his government, she said.
around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister modi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
on demonetisation, modi said his decision to ban notes has shaken congress to the core after the black money that they had hoarded turned valueless and was taken away in one stroke .
a buyer mukeshkumar had such an experience on thursday when new indian express visited kankarbagh for a month-after assessment of what has been wrought by the big d.having received the expected response from prasadji, mr mukeshkumar told me his party of the story: the atms are still giving this note only.
in his address, pranabmukherjee said that demonetisation has resulted in the temporary slowdown of the economy but as more and more transactions become cashless, it will improve the transparency of the economy.
demonetisation was a bad idea implemented badly and gst was a good idea implemented badly, shashitharoor said.
referring to recent rumours about shortage of salt in the country, modi said this is being done by those whose black money is being rendered useless.
the government and opposition parties were thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister arun jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend demonetisation while congress president rahulgandhi said the note ban cost 1.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:46 istin poll-bound uttar pradesh, prime minister narendramodi today said his demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls, in a veiled attack on bsp chief mayawati who has been facing such allegations.
bengaluru: demonetisation has been the talk of every home, street and by-lane of the country since prime minister modi announced the withdrawal of rs 500 and rs 1000 notes on november 8.
pti photoasserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arun jaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
earlier, attacking the narendra modi government on demonetisation, congress president gandhi on wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers.
700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation: pmnew delhi, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 21:29 istaround 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister modi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
in kanpur, modi said demonetisation is a step to promote digital transactions to check black money.
on criticism that demonetisation was a shock to the system, modi said it was first necessary to consider whether the measure was needed.
in the 26th edition of mann ki baat programme, prime minister modi said, i know cashless economy is different.
atms, which reopened two days after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of two biggest currency notes, had people queued up since early morning.
admitting that the demonetisation drive has caused some short-term pains to the public, modi said this will bring in benefits in the long-term.
vijayawada: the decision of demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 currency would help both the centre and states garner more revenue, but the black money hoarders would search for alternatives to protect their illegal money and the centre should be well prepared to deal with it, finance minister ram said here on friday.
rohatgi told the apex court that general rule is that the cash transactions in the market should not be more than four per cent of the gdp but it is 12 per cent in india.
(source: pti photo)around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister modi said in rajya sabha on wednesday, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
addressing a gathering at fintech festival in singapore , pm modi said that digital payments are a gateway to a world of possibilities, adding that they increase the productivity of individuals and our economy.
700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation: pmnew delhi, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 21:29 istaround 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister narendramodi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
banks had at least hoped that a rally in bond markets since modi announced demonetisation would boost treasury gains, given lenders own around half of government debt.
attacking the centre over currency ban, akhileshyadav said it was not only that the people who suffered due to demonetisation, note ban had hit the countrys economy equally hard.
(source: pti photo)stating that demonetisation has had no impact on gdp, prime minister modi citing testimonials by apple chief tim cook, microsoft founder bill gates, world bank chief kristalina georgieva, nobel laureate for economics muhammad yunus and others, on tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect.
in this context, arunjaitley said demonetisation has created a new normal replacing the old order of cash and parallel economy, which has been eliminated.
demonetisation, doubtless one of the most significant decisions of independent india that shook the entire nation, was there merely as a passing reference although prime minister modi had claimed india would emerge like gold after the ordeal of the first 50 days.
this will make digital payments easy even for those who cannot read or write, thus realizing ambedkar's vision of social and financial empowerment for all, said modi.
in a separate reply, when asked how much old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes (sbns) were deposited/exchanged upon being de-legalised, meghwal said specified bank notes (sbns) worth rs  12.44 lakh crore were returned to currency chests of rbi by december 10, 2016.
a day after four militants were killed in kashmir, punjab congress chief captain amarinder singh on monday said despite the narendra modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from pakistan.
prime minister modi , in a sudden address to the nation on tuesday, announced that rs 500 and rs 1,000 denomination notes are being withdrawn from midnight and will now become mere paper.
dubbing demonetisation as a shameless flop show, mamatabanerjee asked the common people to rise in protest even as tmc activists staged dharnas in front of rbi office in kolkata as well as cbi office besides many places in the districts in west bengal.
black money bill to be taken up in parliament next week: fmnew delhi, may 1, 2015 (pti) 13:19 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said the government will next week take up for consideration the new black money bill in the lok sabha to effectively deal with the menace of unaccounted wealth stashed abroad.
p ram said that the demonetisation move would hit the gdp.
siddaramaiah said demonetisation has hit tax collection, but the commercial taxes department will meet the revenue target of rs 51,338 crore for the current financial year.
sharma said prime minister modi , during bjp's poll campaign, had claimed that black money was to the tune of rs 85 lakh crore.
it's just beginning, says pm as bjp mps endorse his 'crusade'new delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 13:09 istdemonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man, prime minister modi today said as the bjp parliamentary party passed a unanimous resolution endorsing his great crusade.
the number of new jobs due to be created this year will be dependent on how demonetisation affects sector, for which we have to wait till the financial year end, said modi , president of federation of telangana and andhra pradesh chamber of commerce and industry (ftapcci), who runs an sme.
new delhi: asserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arun jaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
highlighting modi governments failure in almost all sectors, mamata said: modi said demonetisation would bring down terrorism, instead it had grown during his tenure.
new delhi: note ban has hit the national capital's economic growth and forced the city government to cut spending on various developmental projects by about rs 4,100 crore, deputy chief minister manishsisodia said today.
however, the prime minister has redefined the old normal in india where black money, corruption and cash flow in elections was considered normal, jaitley said, adding most activities earlier followed the practice of so much in cash and so much in cheque.
agreeing with congress leader mallikarjun kharges argument that black money gets parked in gold and properties, modi said: but we want to know when did this realisation dawn on you?
while acknowledging that the cash crunch would only ease post december 30, arunjaitley said that the amount of cash to be issued in the form of new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes would not be the same as the amount circulating before november 8, when prime minister narendra modi announced the so-called demonetisation.
demonetisation will help us achieve an honest economy and help improve the lots of the poor, said modi.
in a statement issued here, amarindersingh said sundays encounter in kashmir and reports of pakistan pushing fake rs 2,000 currency into india via bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by modi.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:46 istin poll-bound uttar pradesh, prime minister modi today said his demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls, in a veiled attack on bsp chief mayawati who has been facing such allegations.
other atms which are yet to be recalibrated, will continue to dispense rs 2000 till they are recalibrated, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das had said on monday.
let us accept the challenge, plan accordingly and make a cashless economy possible, mr. fadnavis said while addressing an urgently-convened meeting of the state level bankers committee (slbc) in mumbai.
responding to noteban critics, arunjaitley said demonetisation has strengthen the economy and increased the government resources to fund poverty alleviation and infrastructure development programmes.
also watch | up elections 2017: muzaffarnagar revisitedagreeing with congress leader mallikarjun kharges argument that black money gets parked in gold and properties, modi said: but we want to know when did this realisation dawn on you?
he expressed hope that the government would increase the number of micro-atms in the country to one million from the current 130,000, and said cashless transactions will completely remove bureaucracy from the country.
in the coming few months, rs 1,000 notes will be brought in with a new design, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said.
das said ever since the demonetisation announcement was made, a lot of representations have come to prime minister and finance minister arun jaitley to ease withdrawal norms for wedding purposes.
reacting to congress claim that note ban brought hardship to the farmers, arunjaitley said the opposition should stop bringing in farmers on every issue.
if demonetisation is beneficial for the common man, then why are the shopkeepers, farmers and labourers suffering so much, mamatabanerjee asked the crowd present at the meeting.
buttressing his point, arunjaitley said that the services and financial sectors, which normally grow at around 9-10 per cent, had a fall in growth even before demonetisation was announced.
nobody, not this government, not you, not the previous government knows exactly how much black money is stashed abroad, modi said in the second episode of his radio talk, mann ki baat.
earlier, arunjaitley in a facebook post said demonetisation has helped in formalising the economy, expanding tax base and earmarking more resources for the poor.
modi said the demonetisation ---- which has made the bjp unpopular, particularly in the rural areas --- had led to the closure of many shell companies that were tools of the congresss corruption.
i dont know what the note contains but the conclusion i believe was that demonetisation is not a wise step, ram told ht.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said demonetisation resulted in formalisation of economy and increased tax base, prompting the government to earmark more resources for the poor and infrastructure development.
digital payments are the future of financial transactions, jaitley said at the punjab national bank app launching ceremony held here.
modi said the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency was to target those with unaccounted cash.
black money used to be parked in the real estate sector, but with decisions like note ban and rera, we put a check to it, modi said.
b'rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo) rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo)demonetisation has hammered hard on corruption and the gst implementation has brought a positive change in the economy, rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje said on thursday, lauding 3 years of modi government at centre.
on the occasion, union minister m venkaiah babu said that the demonetisation was also a part of the digital india.
forget demonetisation, i will keep taking tough actions, one after another, to get rid of these termites who resurface at new places every time their holes are plugged, modi said at a function in jharkhands backward sahebganj district.
however, finance minister arunjaitley said the pmgky response should not be seen in isolation as it was introduced after the income disclosure scheme (ids) and demonetisation exercise were carried out in the previous fiscal.
watch video | find out what pm narendramodi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionin the worlds largest democracy the demonetisation was revolutionary: it called into question the states promise to pay the bearer the face value on every banknote.
maken also recalled that prime minister modi , during his lok sabha election campaign, had said that if the black money is brought back, each citizen will have rs 15 lakh while home minister rajnath singh, who was then bjp president, had promised to bring back black money within 100 days.
while appreciating the fellow countrymen on the ways in which demonetisation has shaped, pm modi in his speech said the following:the government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop, central bank.
modi said that the demonetisation move was a fight against corruption and targeted those who amassed wealth by unfair means.
in bhilwara, gandhi said demonetisation and gst left lakhs of people unemployed.
the demonetisation pulled them out and now the money is being used for your development, modi said, pointing towards the crowd.
agra: in poll-bound uttar pradesh, prime minister modi today said his demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls, in a veiled attack on bsp chief mayawati who has been facing such allegations.
digital payments will help fight corruption and proliferation of black money, said pm modi.
after prime minister modi announced that rs 500 and rs 1,000 currencies have no legal tender from midnight of november 8, the black money holders have been finding various way to change their money into white.
demonetisation curbed use of black money in the sector, modi said, adding his decisions face problems in the beginning as he works ahead of time.
he said modi had also said that black money stashed abroad is equal to five union budgets and that it was enough to put rs 15 lakh in the account of all indian citizens.
demonetisation, doubtless one of the most significant decisions of independent india that shook the entire nation, was there merely as a passing reference although prime minister narendramodi had claimed india would emerge like gold after the ordeal of the first 50 days.
it's just beginning, says pm as bjp mps endorse his 'crusade'new delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 13:09 istdemonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man, prime minister narendramodi today said as the bjp parliamentary party passed a unanimous resolution endorsing his great crusade.
reiterating the need to move towards a cashless economy, modi said once black money is eliminated from the system, it is essential to ensure that fresh black money is not generated.
demonetisation, arunjaitley said, will act as a disincentive towards continuing to deal with shadow economy, and integration of informal with formal economy will increase the size of the gdp and make it cleaner.
prime minister narendramodi and the government had earlier claimed that demonetisation will put an end to black money, fake currency and terrorism.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said that the demonetisation is due to sharp increase in circulation of these notes in the last five years.
(pti photo)demonetisation has narrowed the gap between rich and poor and will help boost gdp growth, minister of state for finance arjun ram meghwal told lok sabha monday.
district in-charge minister ram said demonetisation has affected the country massively in terms of declining growth rate.
emphasising that the move destroyed the economy, lives and livelihoods, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said: modi and his minions claimed demonetisation will end black money, finish corruption, terminate terrorism, and bring only digital transactions.
on demonetisation, modi said there was chaos amongst the corrupt after note ban was announced as they were forced to deposit the ill-gotten money in bank accounts.
sharma said prime minister narendramodi , during bjp's poll campaign, had claimed that black money was to the tune of rs 85 lakh crore.
around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister narendramodi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
finance minister arunjaitley told rajya sabha on tuesday that the remonetisation process moved smoothly after demonetisation was announced and that there was no shortage of currency supply, even for a single day.
it would be good if the banks make some arrangements to ensure smaller denomination notes are made available in atms.voicing similar opinion, subitha kumar from shantinagar said, we have been struggling ever since prime minister modi announced the demonetisation.
in response, attorney general mukul rohatgi said that there is no shortage of funds as rs 100 notes are in circulation and the atms needed to be re-calibrated to issue new currency notes of rs 500 and rs 2,000.
in a few months, rs 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said while addressing the economic editor's conference in new delhi on thursday.
punjab congress president captain amarindersingh says the rbi orders prohibiting cooperative banks from exchanging/accepting old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes are to blame for the state of affairs in rural punjab.
defending the centres decision, prime minister modi on friday said the demonetisation move had empowered the common man in the fight against black money, while taking a swing at the opposition and critics saying they were flustered as they were caught off guard.
while acknowledging that the cash crunch would only ease post december 30, jaitley said that the amount of cash to be issued in the form of new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes would not be the same as the amount circulating before november 8, when prime minister modi announced the so-called demonetisation.
repeating remarks he made in lok sabha a day earlier, modi said demonetisation should have happened in 1971 when indira gandhi was the prime minister.
modi said the demonetisation process is a great move but not as big as the surgical strike.
earlier, attacking the narendra modi government on demonetisation, congress president rahulgandhi on wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers.
patna, may 5: the rjd has raked up the issue of demonetisation again, even though its ally jdu's chief nitishkumar had said the note ban had found resonance among the poor.
(source: pti photo)around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister narendramodi said in rajya sabha on wednesday, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
the government and opposition parties were thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister arun jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend demonetisation while congress president gandhi said the note ban cost 1.
mangaluru: december 8, 2016, dhns 0:09 ista month after demonetisation, getting change a problem for citizensit will be one month on thursday since prime minister modi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes and the cash withdrawal limit at atms has been increased to rs 2,500 per day by the rbi.
many atms have not been dispensing money since four days and the others run out of cash in no time, said kumarravi who was waiting for money at the icici bank , akkayyapalem.
admitting that demonetisation has affected finances of the state, finance minister ram said that there is a decrease in tax revenues for the last four months -- from november, 2016 to february, 2017.
lalu said that modi may claim that it was his bold decision but in reality, demonetisation has taken the country back by many years.
a day before, on tuesday, modi while speaking at lok sabha (the lower house) said that the note-ban was possible because the countrys economy was in good shape.
pti file photoa day after data showed indias key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
in a statement issued here, amarinder said sundays encounter in kashmir and reports of pakistan pushing fake rs 2,000 currency into india via bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by modi.
the demonetisation exercise, which has led to a surge of low cost funds into the banking sector, will not only help in expanding the size of the formal economy but also eventually push up tax collections, arunjaitley said in the lok sabha on thursday.
bharataiya janata party president amitshah said on friday that the demonetisation has not affected the common people and only some politicians.
also read: pm modi's latest demonetisation barf is 'shell firms', says rahul gandhiwhen modi spoke from the ramparts of the red fort in delhi that before he became the prime minister in 2014, the elephant (india) was sleeping, he was insulting people of the country, gandhi said.
many atms, which reopened four days after prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of two higher value currency notes, ran out of cash in few hours, leaving people frustrated.
the withdrawal limit from atms has been increased to rs. 2,500 but this will apply only to the recalibrated atms, mr. das said.
on tuesday, arunjaitley was replying to a supplementary question from cpi(m) rajya sabha mp c p narayanan on why the banks were starved of the new notes for such a long time, as arunjaitley had earlier told the house that demonetisation came after nine months of preparations by the government and the rbi.
mumbai: since the demonetisation of high currency notes terror funding has come down to zero and there hasn't been stone-pelting on security forces, defence minister manoharparrikar said here today.
modi and his minions claimed demonetisation will end black money, finish corruption, terminate terrorism, and bring only digital transactions.
demonetisation was a bold and decisive strike in a series of measures to arrive at a bigger, cleaner and real gdp, arunjaitley told pti at karnali village, around 72 km from here.
demonetisation to push digital economy, says nilekaninew delhi, nov 28, 2016, pti: 22:21 istdemonetisation would see a massive activation of digitisation of financial services in the country, although there will be some amount of short term pain in the coming weeks, former uidai chairman nandan nilekani said today.
if the cashless economy is a chariot, the bhim app is the charioteer.
speaking in lok sabha after prime minister narendra modis fiery speech earlier in the day in the house, shashitharoor said, even the rbi has said that demonetisation did not bring the change as promised by the government.
read|demonetisation has been monumental management failure, says manmohanchidambaram castigated modi for quoting from madhav godboles book in which the former bureaucrat claimed that former pm indira gandhi had rejected the idea of demonetisation telling then finance minister yb chavan about electoral compulsions.
(source: pti photo)stating that demonetisation has had no impact on gdp, prime minister narendramodi citing testimonials by apple chief tim cook, microsoft founder bill gates, world bank chief kristalina georgieva, nobel laureate for economics muhammad yunus and others, on tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect.
mangaluru: december 8, 2016, dhns 0:09 ista month after demonetisation, getting change a problem for citizensit will be one month on thursday since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes and the cash withdrawal limit at atms has been increased to rs 2,500 per day by the rbi.
speaking at the meeting, modi said demonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man.
by ptiwashington: demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst) are the two major headwinds that held back india's economic growth last year, former rbi governor raghuramrajan has said, asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country's needs.
new delhi: the withdrawal limit of savings bank account of rs 24,000 per week will soon go, and the government is in discussions with the reserve bank of india (rbi) to issue lower-denomination notes, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said here on friday.
data showed black money holders started couriering cash just two days after prime minister modi announced the invalidation of the higher denominations.
prime minister modi and the government had earlier claimed that demonetisation will put an end to black money, fake currency and terrorism.
apart from continuing incursions from across the border, there was sufficient ground to believe that black money remained a serious concern despite a 86  old currency getting frozen overnight following the demonetisation, said amarindersingh , citing reports of frequent seizures of large sums of unaccounted for, new currency.
collect details and prepare a comprehensive report on how demonetisation has impaired the finances of anti-national elements and groups,'' rajnathsingh told the intelligence agency at the inaugural of the 51st post-independence dgps/igps conference-2016 at the sardar vallabhbhai patel national police academy in hyderabad on friday.
the demonetisation step is irreversible, ram said.
modi said the note ban had disturbed the sleep of congress leaders and their anger had not cooled.
alluding to rajiv gandhi's remark, modi said demonetisation brought back the 85 paise which were disappearing due to corruption.
blaming modi of misusing powers by implementing demonetisation, gandhi said: demonetisation had taken money out of people's pockets and the prime minister gave that amount to his industrialist friends.
despite those problems, prime minister modi says his november 8 demonetisation decree has succeeded in uncovering tax evasion and cracking down on graft.
by ptiwashington: demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst) are the two major headwinds that held back india's economic growth last year, former rbi governor ram has said, asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country's needs.
talking about demonetisation, modi said some people are still not able to sleep and are very upset because all their black money business is now accounted in banks.
vasudevan,chennaionly a partial stepprime minister narendra modis claim (demonetisation flushed out black money, says modi, feb.
finance secretary ashok lavasa had earlier said withdrawal limits will be reviewed after december 30.
yet even though the cash crunch has inflicted the most pain on the poor, modi has said in his campaign speeches it would punish the venal rich.
jaitley said the demonetisation, coupled with the implementation of gst, will make india a single market instead of 30 different markets in the states, facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country.
the centres demonetisation drive did not have any impact on rabi sowing and prices of crops like paddy, soyabean and maize, niti aayog member ram has said.
in a few months, rs 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market, said economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das while addressing the economic editors conference.
in a few months, rs 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market, said economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das while addressing the economic editor's conference here today.
so more black money will not be generated, modi said in an interview to network 18.
referring to defence minister manohar parrikar's claim that demonetisation had a positive impact on the kashmir situation, omarabdullah said, instead of continuing to invest in delusions and deflections, there is a need to understand real issues so that a solution can be worked out.
pointing out that a few days ago the finance minister arunjaitley had said the economic decline had nothing to do with demonetisation, rahul said the entire world is saying the demonetisation has wrecked indian economy.
annapurna singh, new delhi, dh news service may 2 2017, 14:20 ista day after data showed india's key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
collect details and prepare a comprehensive report on how demonetisation has impaired the finances of anti-national elements and groups, rajnathsingh told the intelligence agency at the inaugural 51st post-independence dgps/igps conference-2016 at the sardar vallabhbhai patel national police academy in hyderabad on friday.
watch video: people que up at banks to exchange rs 500 & rs 1000 notes: heres what they saidon whether the demonetisation of rs 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money, jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including gst roll out.
soon after prime minister modi announced that rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes would be scrapped, prices touched rs 32,500 (24 karat) and rs 31,500 (22 karat).
people are happy about the fact that even modi's rs 1,000 notes are not usable anymore, modi said.
home minister g ram said, modi, who falsely promised he will change the 70-year-old economy in 50 days, does not have answers on how much black money is present in the country and how much is with terrorists.
in an interview to pti, finance secretary ashok lavasa said over  1.7 lakh pos machines have already been installed at public distribution system (pds) shops and more will be done in next few months.
pt ram , assistant general manager, sbi main branch, hubballi, said their atms are not facing any virus threat, but admitted to a cash crunch.
digital payments are the future of financial transactions, arunjaitley said at the punjab national bank app launching ceremony held here.
long queues have been seen outsides banks since prime minister modi announced scrapping of banknotes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 to curb black money.
union finance minister arun jaitely told the bjp mps that the demonetisation would help india embrace digital economy.
a day after four militants were killed in kashmir, punjab congress chief captain amarindersingh on monday said despite the narendra modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from pakistan.
modi said he is happy that note ban has exposed the 'kala dhan' (black money) as well as 'kale mann' (ill-intentions) of many.
on november 8, prime minister modi in a surprise move announced demonetisation of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes and since then, long queues before banks and post offices are seen to deposit or exchange these currencies.
the black money problem, arunjaitley said, is a problem confined to few individuals.
modi said after demonetisation around 50 lakh workers started getting their pay by cheque and around one crore new provident fund accounts were opened.
union finance minister arunjaitley told the bjp mps that the demonetisation would help india embrace digital economy.
guwahati: prime minister modi today said the demonetisation drive was a tough decision to take in view of the opposition parties' constant efforts to turn people against it.
(source: ani_news/twitter) p ram said that the demonetisation move would hit the gdp.
