speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the university of agriculture sciences campus on ballari road, siddaramaiah said: agriculture universities, which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector, have failed to protect the interests of farmers.
agriculture and policy expert devinder ram said that difficulty in getting claims and a lower amount of claims made in many cases are some of the main reasons behind the reduction in the number of beneficiaries.
the chief minister also demanded that the farmers be paid the due price for their produce and in toto implementation of the swaminathan commission report.
modi said farmers income will be doubled in 6 years; it is a jumla-type statement unlikely to be achieved, he said.
stating that he was himself a son of a farmer, siddaramaiah said his government would make farmer welfare its priority.
crop insurancepatna: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh on friday said the centre has extended to august 31 the last date to enrol in the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana for bihar, aimed at enabling farmers to avail insurance cover against crop loss because of natural calamities.
we will not retract a single inch, we will not let them sleep at night till farmer loans are waived, gandhi said.
mohali: after being the countrys food bowl for four decades, time has come for punjab to move beyond agriculture, says chief minister captain amarindersingh speaking at toi event mohali: the next big it hub here on tuesday, the cm said that agriculture had its place in the economy but there was a need to explore the other avenues as well for creating job opportunities in punjab.
only 80,000 of four lakh farmers got crop loans this kharif season under the governments restructured crop loan scheme.
this story is from december 12, 2018picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: a year after the incident of firing in mandsaur leading to death of six farmers, the congress president rahulgandhi in june this year announced that the farmers loan would be waived within 10 days if his party comes to power in madhya pradesh.
farmers in the malaprabha river basin are losing patience since the dispute has been referred to a tribunal which could take a long time to deliver its final order, ram said.
at the jammu rally, modi claimed that the pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi, under which farmers with two hectares of cultivable land or less would get rs 6,000 a year, as announced in the budget, had no precedent.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan of the bjp also announced several measures, including bonus above the minimum support price to ensure farmers get fair prices for their produce.
by 2015, the farmers of devanahalli, kolar and chikkaballapur will have to migrate elsewhere, says shivanapura ram , a farmer from devanahalli.
responding to a starred question by congress mlc h m revanna in the legislative council, ram said that around 2,000 farmers had applied for subsidies for installing shade nets and polyhouses in their field.
bhopal: farmers' protest continued unabated in many parts of western madhya pradesh today even as chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of agitating farmers.
making a strong outreach to the crisis-ridden farming community, modi said the kisan channel is aimed at helping drive farm income by supplying key information, such as weather, market and demand.
in his address broadcast through air stations across the state, siddaramaiah said 70 farmers had committed suicide since june which was a matter of concern and the suddenrise had remained an enigma to the government itself.
following this, devendra fadnavis has asked the finance secretary of the state to study the up model on the basis of which loan waiver was declared.
gandhi said, if farmers are in distress, waiver is the immediate step that needs to be taken.
ragi, jowar may come under pdsthe state is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers grow more of these crops and sell them to it, said chief minister ram on wednesday after launching the anna bhagya yojane, dhns reports from bangalore.
farmers aidguwahati: assam chief minister sarbanandasonowal on monday said the state government had envisaged to provide accident insurance coverage to one lakh fish farmers.
chief minister capt amarindersingh on monday said the state government will allow the farmers in punjab to sow paddy a week before the scheduled date of june 20, as part of a string of sops he announced to woo the farming community.
partha paula day after the supreme court verdict on singur, chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday said farmers would get back their land within the stipulated time-frame set by the apex court and the land would also be made cultivable before being returned.
on sunday, state secretary modi announced that the cadres will fan out to build houses for the homeless, become part of palliative care initiatives, do organic agriculture, clean rivers and ponds, work to raise the standards of government schools and the quality of public hospitals and so on.
gandhi had earlier said he will not let prime minister narendra modi sleep until all farmer loans have been waived off.
naidu, in response, said the agriculture sector achieved 11 per cent growth rate during his government.
central teams will be visiting the drought hit areas on november 7 and 8, ram said.
when farmers talk about loan waiver, (finance minister) arunjaitley says the centre does not have any policy for it.
on wednesday robert vadras wife, priyanka gandhi had said in a statement that agricultural land bought by her in haryanas faridabad district or other property acquired by her had no links to finances of her husband, his skylight hospitality or reality major dlf.
gandhi said the modi government has waived off loans of big industrialists but when farmers want the waiver of their loans, where the amount involved in much less, jaitley would not oblige.
apmc secretary ram said that online trading will ensure that farmers are not cheated.
pm-kisan, which will involve a cost of rs 75,000 crore, will eventually enable farmers to increase their income, modi claimed, adding that there would be no place for any syndicate or middlemen as money would be transferred directly into farmers accounts.
replying to a question on what he thought about fadnavis refusal to grant loan waiver to farmers at a meet the press programme organised by the nagpur union of working journalists, pawar said, i dont think a complete loan waiver is a good idea.
delay in getting appointment with modi upsets siddaramaiahbengaluru, august 14, 2015, dhns: 1:19 istcm had sought time to discuss kalasa-banduri project, droughtchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday said he was disappointed that the appointment he had sought with prime minister narendra modi to discuss various issues, including implementation of the kalasa-banduri project and drought condition prevailing in the state, had received no response.
the farmers are suffering as a result of the central governments failure to waive their debts, which many state governments, including punjab, have repeatedly sought, he said.
after uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath announced to fulfil the poll promise of crop loan waivers, farmers all across the country began demanding the same.
market watchers claim many farmers had stopped repaying loans soon after aicc president gandhi announced plans to waive farm loans up to rs 2 lakh in 10 days after coming to power in madhya pradesh.
farmers in maharashtra, who had been on a war path from june 1 to press for their various demands, had on june 11 called off their stir after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced loan waiver for them.
nagaon deputy commissioner p. ashok ram said the initial drought-like situation pushed the administration to move dispur for timely initiative to safeguard the interest farmers and the government pledged to do so.
it will also help farmers earn more, modi said.
central teams will be visiting the drought hit areas on november 7 and 8, siddaramaiah said.
modi, who is trying to boost investment in industry that would create new jobs outside agriculture, said farmers should increase productivity so that they can prosper even as the average size of farms shrinks due to a growing population.
(source: ani) mandsaur farmers protest: union minister naidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
government ready to include ragi, jowar under pdsbangalore, july 10, 2013, dhns: 1:52 istthe state government is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers are willing to grow more of these crops and sell them to it, chief minister ram said on wednesday.
about 33 lakh farmers have obtained farm loans worth rs 42,000cr from nationalised banks and 23 lakh farmers have drawn loans worth rs10,500cr through co-operative banks in the state, siddaramaiah said.
in 2013, more than 3,000 farmers in the state ended their lives, according to records, but people in the know claim the ncrb does not reflect ground realities.
ranchi mp ram said that union agriculture minister radha mohan singh, chief minister raghubar das and other senior central leaders of the party were expected to attend the programme.
not only farmers loans will be waived, but also educative programmes will be introduced, he said.
if every farmer can grow a few trees, he adds to his income, while the country cuts down import, modi said.
in punjab's context, amarindersingh said the agriculture sector, which was largely dependent on cash transactions, had been hit hard, along with the informal sector.
agriculture minister tota singh said: we have been maintaining records of all suicides on our own since 2011, so there is no need for a fresh survey.
union agriculture minister sharad pawar on saturday said he would not oppose the creation of vidarbha out of maharashtra if a majority of the people in the state wanted it.
siddaramaiah said previously 100 or 200 farmers would commit suicide a year and 48 such incidents were reported during 2014-15 but the incidence saw a rise since june.
the farmers in the region are depressed and distressed as there were no rains in the area since june 18, and the crops that they sowed dried up.
prime minister modi says that farmers are getting irrigation and electricity facilities, but they are getting power for only four to six hours that too when they go to sleep.
apcthe proposed agriculture price commission (apc) was before the cabinet subcommittee, siddaramaiah said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the schemes are oriented to make farmers self-reliant and double their income.
the farmers are suffering as a result of the central governments failure to waive their debts, which many state governments, including punjab , have repeatedly sought, he said.
alleging that modi has not fulfilled any of the announcements made for farmers before coming to power at the centre three years back, ajaykumar said because of the governments neglect, as many as 35 farmers are taking their lives every day.
eligible farmers from jalandhar, kapurthala, ludhiana, fazilka and ferozepur districts were given the certificates.
sagar kulkarni, feb 3, 2017, dhns 8:48 istdateline: new delhidays after prime minister modi announced scrapping of high value currency notes, agriculture ministry officials were eagerly awaiting the details about sowing for rabi crops across the country.
elder brother ram says farming has become a loss-making proposition because farmers are unable to recover even input costs.
modi agenda gopalganj: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh on sunday said agenda of modi government for five years is to strengthen the country and this is possible only when farmers and villages are taken care of.
the chief minister, however, said this had been achieved at a huge cost to the state and its farmers as the punjab farmers have bartered away their only two natural resources, soil fertility and water.
bengaluru: , sep 12, 2015, dhns: 1:27 istkarnataka has sought an additional rs 800 crore from the centre under the national and state disaster response fundndrf and sdrfas the drought situation has worsened, said chief minister ram on friday.
legislators taking part in a discussion on the drought situation of the state in belagavi on wednesday | rajesh sadarebelagavi: chief minister siddaramaiah has asked the district ministers to visit villages and ensure drought relief works are carried out expeditiously.
because, if a farmer joins the scheme, he will get a huge help during a natural calamity, modi said.
but the scheme never took off due to change in the government at the centre, agriculture minister radhamohansingh told reporters here.
rahul, during an interactive session with farmers in gannaur in haryana, said farmers in kutch were crying when they met him.
a.c. jain , the nodal officer, it department of agriculture, said: altogether, 82 district agriculture officers, joint directors, deputy directors and junior plant protection officers would benefit under the scheme.
speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the university of agriculture sciences campus on ballari road, ram said: agriculture universities, which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector, have failed to protect the interests of farmers.
priyanka gandhi in a statement on thursday said the agricultural land bought by her in in amipur village of faridabad district or other property acquired by her had no links to finances of her husband, his skylight hospitality or reality major dlf.
farmers are a worried lot and government should come to their help by initiating drought relief works in the state, ram said.
speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the university of agricultural sciences, bangalore, ram said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce.
while chief minister naveen patnaik thanked farmers for agreeing to leave their land for the refinery project, modi said: the paradip project has shown that farmers here are ready to give their land so that lakhs of youths get jobs, he added.
speaking on the issue, chavan said, farmers are not getting loan waiver or crop insurance and cannot even avail crop loans.
when the members pressed for waiving of farm loans, siddaramaiah said farmers have availed rs 10,000 crore from co-operative banks and rs 35,000 crore from commercial banks.
during his political address at churu, modi said that under the scheme, 1 crore small farmers had received rs 2,000 each without any middleman transferred into their bank accounts.
because of cumbersome banking processes and the burden of debt,around 2,70,000 farmers have committed suicide in the past 20 years, modi had said.
at the function, yogiadityanath said, the 86 lakh farmers of uttar pradesh, whose loans are being waived, should be asked to plant 10 saplings each in order to increase the number of trees.
haryana chief minister manoharlalkhattar said that farmers covered under the scheme would get enhanced insurance compensation ranging between rs 10,000 and rs 25,000 per acre as against the prescribed rates fixed between rs 7500 and rs 12,000 per acre for damage to the crop.
on reports that potato farmers were throwing their produce on roads in the state capital, yogiadityanath said, it (the reports) was an effort to give a message that government was not concerned about the potato growers, while this is the first government which has declared minimum support price for potato.
captain amarindersingh , who was part of the congress delegation led by partys national vice president rahul gandhi, said farmers, burdened with loans, were committing suicide in punjab and other parts of the country.
modi said farmers should employ modern techniques like greenhouse farming,tent-house and polyhouse farming.
on saturday, union agriculture minister radha mohan singh said the protest by farmers were attempts to get media attention.
(file photo)farmers protest continued unabated in many parts of western madhya pradesh on monday even as chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of agitating farmers.
chief minister siddaramaiah , who launched the integrated marketing project, said that it was a revolutionary programme which will help make agriculture a profitable business.
piloting the legislation, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said the bill only shows the commitment of the modi government towards northeastern states.
(file photo)making yet another pro-farmer announcement in election year, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on sunday said a board on the lines of apeda (agricultural and processed food products export development authority) will be set up in madhya pradesh to help farmers export and get remunerative price for their produce.
this (agriculture) is an area where india and the bank can fruitfully join hands, prime minister narendramodi said while formally opening the 52nd african development bank's (afdb) annual event on tuesday.
ryot leader sunanda ram said farmers in mandya district are suffering due to severe drought and there is no sufficient water in the krs dam.
speaking further, nitishkumar said that restoration of lakhandei to its old course was very important because its drying up and the river shifting and taking another course had led to a situation in which farmers were not getting water for irrigating their crops.
compensationsuresh ram said he would make all efforts to ensure that the farmers who had lost their land under the hemavathi scheme, will get compensation at the earliest.
as the centre is yet to take a stand of bhavantar, we have decided that garlic and onion will continue to be included but farmers will have to sell gram, lentil and mustard at msp, which the government will ensure, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan told reporters at a hurriedly-called press conference on friday evening.
describing the channel as an open university, modi said: kisan tv channel is a channel where both the teacher and the student are farmers.
gandhi said the agriculture loans of farmers in madhya pradesh, including the kin of former chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, have been waived by the congress government in the state.
madhya pradesh farmers protest: chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said on friday he will sit on a fast.
instead, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced a new incentive scheme in which a farmer gets 10  subsidy on the principal amount while repaying the loan.
mandsaur farmers protest: union minister naidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
magisterial probe into kudagi firingbelgaum, july 7, 2014, dhns: 1:50 istchief minister siddaramaiah on sunday said the government has ordered a magisterial inquiry into the police firing in which two farmers sustained bullet injuries, but ruled out shelving of the thermal power plant project, which is facing opposition by farmers.
chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)asserting that he was not against a loan waiver for farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said it wasnt a lasting solution for their problems and that the state government had made investments worth rs 30,500 crore to make farmers self-reliant in the state.
admitting that about 85 lakh farmers across the southern state were in debt for raising bank loans, he said they were in distress due to recurring droughts and crop failures over the years.
stating that agriculture remains a most potent sector to push up country's economy, modi said the farmers should be led towards modern amenities and his government's efforts to distribute soil health cards is a sincere attempt towards that endeavour.
b m mallikarjuna babu , assistant director of the horticulture department, said farmers should mix 2 ml of quinolphos to one litre of water, before sprinkling the mixture to the trees.
devendra fadnavis (file) devendrafadnavis (file)while loan waiver is going to lead to financial constraints, it will not impact development projects in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
mandsaur farmers protest: union minister m.venkaiahnaidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
by ptinagpur: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has announced that paddy farmers in the state will get a bonus of rs 500 per quintal for the crop.
though the ban will help farmers get livestock at a lesser price, it cannot prevent the illegal sale of animals for meat, said radhakrishnan.
in his memorandum to the team, siddaramaiah said 119 human lives has been lost since april 2013 and 11,536 houses damaged; 1,33,572 hectare agriculture crops damaged at an estimated loss of 320.
on the occasion, chief minister nitishkumar had said: no farmer would be allowed to remain dissatisfied.
stating that the government was floundering to account the actual energy consumed and the transmission and distribution losses, siddaramaiah said farmers continue to consume maximum power when compared to farmers of other states.
niti aayog vice-chairman arvindpanagariya niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariyaniti aayog vice-chairman arvindpanagariya today said there is a need to formulate proper policies to ensure farmers get better prices for produce and asserted that there is no question of taxing their income.
mumbai: cm devendra fadnavis told toi on tuesday that two lakh additional farmers would be beneficiaries of the state governments move to take the cutoff date for the farm loan waiver back to 2001.
chief minister ram , who launched the integrated marketing project, said that it was a revolutionary programme which will help make agriculture a profitable business.
no objectionearlier, agriculture minister ram said his department had no objection to the proposal to supply ragi and jowar through the pds.
siddaramaiah told reporters after reviewing the drought situation and relief works in belagavi district at suvarna vidhana soudha on monday that once the drought eases, he would visit delhi to get a green signal for the expansion from the party high command.
we will put up roadblocks on state highways for half and hour to one hour every day between december 26 and 30 in all 18 districts as part of our token protest against the manner in which farmers are being denied the msp, said madan , the president of the pradeshik krishak sabha.
asked whether farmers would had to give up hopes of cultivation in the given situation in most parts of the state, park said, rainy season is like gambling.
delivering the 38th edition of his 'mann ki baat', prime minister modi said, can our farmers take a pledge to bring down urea use by half by 2022?
in his letter to rana, sent on december 2, satya pal singh, who is the bjp mp from baghpat, said farmers are regularly taking up the issue of pending sugarcane dues and that chief minister yogiadityanath had announced twice that their demand must be looked into.
you mount pressure on the government so that the farmers of bengal are not deprived of the scheme, modi told the woman.
(source: ani/twitter)as the farmers protests spread closer to bhopal on friday, three days after five were killed in police firing in mandsaur, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced that he would begin an indefinite fast on saturday, until peace is restored in the state.
the farmers main demand was rights over forest land, and fadnavis told them the issue would be resolved within six months.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das also said a time limit for farmers to pay crop insurance premiums has been extended by 15 days.
new delhi: vice-president naidu expressed his happiness at 15 farmers being recognised with padma awards announced on the eve of republic day saluting the efforts of these farmers in a series of tweets on saturday, naidu said, extremely delighted and happy that for the first time in india, 15 outstanding individuals who have done exceptional work in the field of agriculture and allied services are recognised, respected and honoured with padma awards.
in case the farmers suffer any loss, it would be compensated by this pradhikaran, manoharlalkhattar said.
magisterial probe into kudagi firingbelgaum, july 7, 2014, dhns: 1:50 istchief minister ram on sunday said the government has ordered a magisterial inquiry into the police firing in which two farmers sustained bullet injuries, but ruled out shelving of the thermal power plant project, which is facing opposition by farmers.
also read: kisan rally highlights | pm failed to fulfil promises, say rahulgandhi , arvind kejriwalkejriwal in his address at the venue, claimed that the centre had filed an affidavit in the supreme court saying it would not implement the m s swaminathan commission report.
whatever legal action would be taken against the offending company would take its own course but we feel the farmers should not lose out in the meantime, mamatabanerjee said.
reports said farmers put up barricades to prevent supply of vegetables and milk entering cities.
in khandwa district, a 55-year old farmer jaipal singh consumed pesticide on friday.
r ram , 52, a former licensed shrimp farm owner now involved in agriculture, said it is mandatory to register a shrimp farm with the coastal aquaculture authority (caa) and ensure that the coastal regulation zone (crz) is not violated but many farmers do not abide by the regulations, creating a threat to biodiversity by using unrecommended chemical feeders and discharging untreated chemical effluents directly into the lake.
congress state president g ram said the distressed farming community had again met with disappointment.
chief minister ram , while replying to a debate on the issue in the assembly, said the arecanut farmers need not panic following the ban.
siddaramaiah said, agriculture, industry and service sectors are the major contributors to the gdp.
delivering the 38th edition of his 'mann ki baat', prime minister narendramodi said, can our farmers take a pledge to bring down urea use by half by 2022?
agriculture joint director g ram said that paddy crops in 600 hectares had been inundated in the ichchapruam region including kaviti and kanchili mandals.
addressing a rally in february, modi said farmers are his top priority and explained that  top means tomato, onion and potato.
this (agriculture) is an area where india and the bank can fruitfully join hands, prime minister modi said while formally opening the 52nd african development bank's (afdb) annual event on tuesday.
modi said loan waiver of small and marginal farmers would be the first decision if the bjp came to power in the state.
government is making all out efforts to ensure that farmers get latest seeds, required electricity, do not face any problem in market access and get right prices for their produce, modi said.
the msp was arrived on the basis of an improper formula and, therefore, farmers will not get correct prices for their produce or labour, he added.
addressing the agitators, congress chief rahulgandhi said, farmers are not asking for a reward or free gift, but only their rightful due.
gorakhpur: chief minister yogiadityanath said on sunday that previous state governments ignored the development of gorakhpur and added that the farmers, too, were affected due to neglect of sugar mills in the region.
agriculture minister ram said steps are being taken to provide counseling to the aggrieved farmers.
the move was aimed at saving groundwater while ensuring that farmers also get an incentive in the form of cash for their personal use, he said.
last time,chief minister mamatabanerjee said she will not acquire land and that we could if the farmers were willing to sell.
the nda government's ally at the centre said modi has announced credit to a foreign country at a time when hapless farmers, who are reeling under debt from banks and private moneylenders are waiting for financial aid from government.
the fund was released based on recommendations were by a high-level team of officials from the centre which visited drought-hit areas recently, union agriculture minister radhamohansingh told reporters here.
sagar kulkarni, feb 3, 2017, dhns 8:48 istdateline: new delhidays after prime minister narendramodi announced scrapping of high value currency notes, agriculture ministry officials were eagerly awaiting the details about sowing for rabi crops across the country.
b'backing chief minister ram on the issue of cauvery water sharing with tamil nadu, janata dal (secular) national secretary general danish ali on sunday said when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in cauvery catchment areas, how can the karnataka government release the river waters.
addressing a public rally in guwahati, modi said farmers were crucial to his vision of a new india where no area will remain undeveloped.
madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister naidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
farmers are being forced to die miserable deaths, bharatiya janata party (bjp) prime ministerial candidate narendra modi said on thursday in a region which often hits the headlines for farmer suicides.
modi also said the poorvanchal and bundelkhand expressways would transform the economy of the two regions as farmers and traders would get national and international connectivity.
chief minister devendra fadnavis told ht that drought like situation would be announced for 8,000 to 14,000 villages in the state by mid-september, on the basis of the average rainfall.
farmer suicides that were on the decline during the upa regime have now risen sharply.
gandhi said while farmers in the mandis are crying, the haryana agriculture minister is saying farmers committing suicide are cowards, he said amid cries of shame, shame from the opposition.
addressing the states during niti aayog governing council meeting on april 23, modi had said, in a country where agricultural income is exceedingly important, budgets should be prepared immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year.
chandigarh: haryana chief minister manoharlalkhattar said on sunday that farmers will not forgive those who dumped their vegetables and milk on the roads.
modi further said farmers of maharashtra had benefited and women got better employment opportunities in the last five years under fadnavis leadership.
at least five farmers were killed and three others injured | ptibhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan has announced a compensation of rs 1 crore each for the next of kin of five farmers who were killed during alleged police firing in mandsaur district.
but india has major potential but its hard-working farmers are driven to commit suicides.
us sey unka bhi fayeda hoga (it is a political advice for arun jaitley for his own good), rahul said adding that such a budget would help farmers knows how much government has set aside for flood, drought, or to assist him with grains, vegetables.
15: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh today announced setting up of a regional centre of the national centre of organic farming (ncof), headquartered in ghaziabad, uttar pradesh, to promote organic farming.
congratulating finance minister arun jaitley and his team, modi said farmers, dalits and tribal communities will gain from the budget.
by providing pos machines to traders, we will help farmers buy farm inputs without cash, fadnavis said.
once we are voted to power again all farmers would be covered under financial assistance scheme instead of present coverage to farmers having land holdings up to five acres, modi said.
had this been in chhattisgarh, farmers would have got all the help by now and situation would have been different, ram said.
the sc order came a week after karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said the state could not release the river waters when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in the cauvery catchment areas (in karnataka).
now, with the government extending its loan waiver scheme to all debt-ridden farmers who had taken loans between 2001 and 2016, around 60 to 67 lakh farmers are set to benefit.
farmers should have confidence as the government is with them, ram said.
v s park , director, state drought monitoring cell said that it was good that paddy cultivation was reducing in the state.
pm wants 50 pc farmers to join crop insurance scheme in 2 yrsnew delhi, jan 31, 2016, (pti) 14:22 isthighlighting benefits of the just- announced crop insurance scheme, prime minister narendramodi today said awareness about it should be spread across the country so that at least 50 per cent of the farmers join it within two years.
farmers who have taken loans of amount rs 5 lakhs will now have to pay only 2 per cent interest instead 12-15 per cent, manoharlalkhattar said.
union home minister rajnathsingh on friday said that the nation cannot be prosperous unless the farmers of the country earn more.
48pm: the government will set up gramin haats so that farmers dont have to go faraway to sell their produces, says modi.
speaking at an interaction with farmers, elected representatives of the two districts and officers here on sunday, ram said farmers should exercise restraint in use of water resources as any irrigation project aimed at permanent solution would require five to 10 years for implementation.
it's not possible to release tamil nadu's share as per the award as our (karnataka's) farmers very much need water during this four-month period, siddaramaiah said in the assembly, briefing the members on the deliberations.
(source: file photo)punjab congress chief amarindersingh said on saturday that if his party is voted to power in the 2017 assembly elections, it will work out a permanent solution for settling the farm debt so that no farmer is forced to take extreme steps like suicide.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has recently announced that 128 kishan bazars have been set up across the state to ensure that farmers can sell their produce directly to markets in new delhi.
while patidar is agonising about his garlic in mp, a few thousand miles away in delhi, the union agriculture ministry is busy preparing flashy booklets and nifty presentations to showcase what it will call achievements and how these would result in the realisation of one of the prime minister's many dreams - doubling farmers' incomes by 2022.
coke heeds to pm's call,to launch fizzy drink with fruit juicenew delhi, feb 11, 2016, (pti): 14:48 istbeverages giant coca-cola is set to launch a new 'juice with fizz' drink, more than a year after prime minister narendramodi had asked the multinational cola giants to add fruit juices to their drinks to help indian farmers increase sales.
nagpur: educating students and farmers on innovations that are taking place in the world are of utmost importance as the agriculture sector is in total disarray mainly due to lack of coordination and flexibility between the central and state agencies which give advise on various issues, said s ram , former director of tata institute of social sciences, mumbai, on friday.
niti aayog vice-chairman nagar niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariyaniti aayog vice-chairman nagar today said there is a need to formulate proper policies to ensure farmers get better prices for produce and asserted that there is no question of taxing their income.
chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers(file photo) chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers(file photo)in a move to quell the tension that arose after farmers protest turned violent on tuesday in madhya pradesh, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on wednesday said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers.
the cm also accused union minister harsimrat kaur badal of failing to protect punjabs and the farmers interests at the centre she did not raise her voice even though the bjp government at the centre failed to take any steps in the budget for the farming community, amarindersingh said, pointing out that the nda government had failed to implement the swaminathan report, which was the only way to help farmers boost their income and bring the agriculture sector out of the doldrums into which it had been plunged.
a revanth read , telangana tdp floor leader in the state assembly, said in his petition that several farmers in the state have been facing hardships due to supply of fake seeds.
39 pm: agriculture sector needs evergreen revolution sadakaal haritkaal, says pm modi.
purvi champaran (bihar)key contestants: radhamohansingh (bjp), akash singh (rlsp)main factors and issues: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh , who is serving his fifth term as an mp from purvi champaran, earlier known as motihari, has announced this to be his last election.
we have set up an agriculture price commission with rs.1,000 crore revolving support price fund for market intervention to ensure farmers do not suffer losses in the event of prices for their crops fall below production cost, ram said.
apcthe proposed agriculture price commission (apc) was before the cabinet subcommittee, ram said.
farmers should have confidence as the government is with them, siddaramaiah said.
noting that the congress always supported the struggle of farmer, siddaramaiah said that farmers in the state have been facing injustice since 1924.
siddaramaiah had announced that the government was allowing farmers to produce neera in the 2013-14 budget itself.
moreover, farmers could now pay electricity bills in four installments in a year, if the amount is above rs 10,000, energy minister shrikant ram said.
citing media reports on loan waiver for farmers, modi said in karnakata, where the congress-jds coalition government is in power, only 800 farmers got mere benefits, is this a joke?
while 20 farmers had committed suicide during the previous ldf governments term, the udf tenure was largely free of farmer suicides, ram said.
blaming the then upa-ii government for its flawed policies at an election rally in sujanpur tira, modi had said, the farmers work hard, cultivate apples.
when modijis government came, farmers were promised full help, but across the country farmers are committing suicide, gandhi said.
on pusa 16, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said, this new variety will be released for commercial cultivation in january and will be available for sowing in the kharif 2017 season.
farmer ram said farming has not been taken up from the last four years.
annapurna singh, new delhi, feb 10, 2014, dhns: 1:00 istprime minister modi had claimed credit for lowering prices of petrol, diesel and other essential items while campaigning for delhi polls, but the agricultural produce market committee data from asias largest azadpur mandi showed prices of vegetables and fruits, in fact, had risen close to 100 per cent.
in february 2016, prime minister modi had said farmers' income would be doubled by 2022 to mark 75 years of india's independence.
mumbai: after his controversial remarks on reservations ncp chief sharad pawar on tuesday demanded quotas for farmers to tackle the agrarian crisis and halt the sudden spurt in suicides.
again attacking the congress, modi said: the previous government first made the farmer take a loan and is now doing the drama of loan waiving.
agriculture minister ram , while pointing out that there was a lot of corruption in the administration across the country, said aadhaar would go a long way in curbing it.
he said the loan waiver for distressed farmers should be on the scale of the upas bailout package of 2008, at todays prices.
noting that agriculture development is the top priority for mozambique, modi said india would be partnering this endeavour through development of agricultural infrastructure and productivity in this country.
making a statement in the assembly later in the day, siddaramaiah said: it is not possible to release tamil nadus share according to the final award as our farmers very much need water during this four-month period.
the sc order came a week after karnataka chief minister ram said the state could not release the river waters when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in the cauvery catchment areas (in karnataka).
market watchers claim many farmers had stopped repaying loans soon after aicc president rahulgandhi announced plans to waive farm loans up to rs 2 lakh in 10 days after coming to power in madhya pradesh.
smaller plots are more expensive to cultivate and small farmers have higher consumption patterns, according to economists.
though the ordinance is lapsing, 13 of its points, meant to provide direct financial benefit to farmers, are being brought under the rules effective from sunday so farmers do not face financial loss, said modi.
we have set up an agriculture price commission with rs.1,000 crore revolving support price fund for market intervention to ensure farmers do not suffer losses in the event of prices for their crops fall below production cost, siddaramaiah said.
1: chief minister mamatabanerjee today said farmers in singur would get back their land within 12 weeks as ordered by the supreme court and added that the plots that would be handed back would be cultivable.
addressing the agitators, congress chief gandhi said, farmers are not asking for a reward or free gift, but only their rightful due.
pm wants 50 pc farmers to join crop insurance scheme in 2 yrsnew delhi, jan 31, 2016, (pti) 14:22 isthighlighting benefits of the just- announced crop insurance scheme, prime minister modi today said awareness about it should be spread across the country so that at least 50 per cent of the farmers join it within two years.
800 farmer suicides in state: cmbengaluru, nov 19, 2015, dhns: 1:00 istchief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday said as many as 800 farmers had committed suicide in karnataka.
b'backing chief minister siddaramaiah on the issue of cauvery water sharing with tamil nadu, janata dal (secular) national secretary general danish ali on sunday said when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in cauvery catchment areas, how can the karnataka government release the river waters.
the monsoon has turned out to be little better than what was expected, therefore agriculture production may do better than what was originally expected, babu said.
almost two years after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced rs 34,000-crore farm loan waiver, district central cooperative banks (dccbs) seem to have benefited more than the nationalised banks under the scheme.
it's not possible to release tamil nadu's share as per the award as our (karnataka's) farmers very much need water during this four-month period, ram said in the assembly, briefing the members on the deliberations.
pune: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh on tuesday said the cooperative sector could play a pivotal role in bridging the rich-poor gap and help the country achieve sab ka saath, sab ka vikas.
farmers' income should double in six years: modibhubaneswar, feb 22, 2016, dhns: 0:42 istthe nda government at the centre wants to double the income of the farmers in the next six years and steps are being taken to see the target is achieved, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday.
over and above msp, we have decided to give a bonus of rs 425 per quintal for pulses and rs 100-200 per quintal for oilseeds, agriculture minister radhamohansingh told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
successive crop failure and expenditure on health, marriages and other social ceremonies are major reasons for indebtedness of farmers in the country, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said during question hour.
jain said: the farmers will be provided with an online soil health card.
after the hailstorm and heavy rains, farmers of northern india are in distress.
modi said up, tamil nadu maharashtra and other governments have submitted the list and their farmers are getting the benefits.
ba naidu , a farmer from anandapuram said, we are forced to buy chicks at 40-47 per unit this year.
noting that the congress always supported the struggle of farmer, ram said that farmers in the state have been facing injustice since 1924.
lets resolve that by 2022 we will no longer have to import pulses i have been telling our universities our agricultural universities should take up each variety of pulses how to do research in it, how to do genetic engineering in it, how to increase productivity, how to increase protein content so that farmers get good prices, modi said.
dismissing the farmers protests, union agriculture minister radha mohan singh said, to get the medias spotlight, people are doing stunts, trying to do something unique.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavischief minister devendra fadnavis on saturday stressed that fresh crop loans for the ensuing kharif season should be handed over to farmers on a mission mode to ensure that most small and marginal farmers find a place in the institutional credit mechanism.
when poor farmers of villages have started adopting digital payment, now they (middlemen) have started spreading new rumours, modi said.
when asked about the bjps stand on mahadayi and the farmers protests against his party on the issue, mr. shah said: if the bjp assumes power after the assembly polls, the new government will find a workable solution.
(express photo/janak rathod)agitating farmers called off their stir on monday after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government has accepted most of the demands of the farmers.
we dont want an india where only a handful get everything, fly in aeroplanes and travel in big cars and our farmers are turned into labourers, rahul said.
unless we do that, farmers will not gain much needed confidence, said kishore tiwari of vidarbha jan andolan samiti (vjas), who was recently roped in by the state government to head a mission to reduce farm distress.
ncp president sharad pawar thursday agreed with chief minister devendra fadnavis that a loan waiver cannot be a long-term solution to the agrarian crisis in the state.
govt ready with contingency plan to deal with poor monsoon:minnew delhi, june 2, 2015, (pti) 22:53 istthe government is ready with contingency plans in 580 districts to deal with poor monsoon, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said today.
it is evident that the issue is being deliberately politicized, with the farming community also being unnecessarily dragged into the whole affair.
agriculture minister radhamohansingh said that about 113 lakh hectares of rabi crop have been destroyed due to unseasonal rains.
congress chiefs charge that farmers did not get narmada waters irks cmtargeting congress chief sonia gandhi once again,chief minister narendramodi on friday said she had not done her homework and offered assistance in drafting her speeches.
government ready to include ragi, jowar under pdsbangalore, july 10, 2013, dhns: 1:52 istthe state government is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers are willing to grow more of these crops and sell them to it, chief minister siddaramaiah said on wednesday.
addressing a rally in up's ghazipur on saturday, modi had said loan waivers were a lollipop and accused congress of cheating farmers through doles that benefited only 800 farmers.
repeated loan waivers by various state governments distort credit pricing, thereby also disrupting the credit market, former rbi governor ram had said.
annapurna singh, new delhi, feb 10, 2014, dhns: 1:00 istprime minister narendramodi had claimed credit for lowering prices of petrol, diesel and other essential items while campaigning for delhi polls, but the agricultural produce market committee data from asias largest azadpur mandi showed prices of vegetables and fruits, in fact, had risen close to 100 per cent.
this story is from december 12, 2018picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: a year after the incident of firing in mandsaur leading to death of six farmers, the congress president gandhi in june this year announced that the farmers loan would be waived within 10 days if his party comes to power in madhya pradesh.
apparently referring to the demands for debt relief by the farmers, naidu said loan waiver depends upon financial condition of the state governments.
chief minister devendra fadnavis said the decision was historic as the farmers who could not benefit from the loan waiver given by the previous government in 2008-09 have been incorporated in the waiver announced by the present government.
who is playing with the lives of farmers when the agriculture minister says that the centre has received no request for help for farmers?
admitting that it was not enough, amarindersingh said total farm loan was rs 60,000 crore and punjab cannot pay this much.
(file photo)as farmers in some parts of maharashtra on thursday went on a strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was trying to resolve the issue through talks but the opposition congress and ncp were instigating them for political gains.
inflation under check; global economy, agri a challenge: fmnew delhi, may 23, 2015, (pti) 14:05 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said inflation has been brought under control in the past one year but global economy and agrarian situation as well as domestic investments pose challenge to the indian economy.
in his memorandum to the team, ram said 119 human lives has been lost since april 2013 and 11,536 houses damaged; 1,33,572 hectare agriculture crops damaged at an estimated loss of 320.
crop sown not getting insurance is being taken up, ram said during zero hour, adding crop insurance coverage is being increased.
pointing out that a special crop loss assessment report was already being prepared to assess crop damage due to rain, amarindersingh said losses due to fire caused by any other reason will be compensated from the cms relief fund.
(source: ani) mandsaur farmers protest: union minister m.venkaiahnaidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
delay in getting appointment with modi upsets siddaramaiahbengaluru, august 14, 2015, dhns: 1:19 istcm had sought time to discuss kalasa-banduri project, droughtchief minister ram on thursday said he was disappointed that the appointment he had sought with prime minister narendra modi to discuss various issues, including implementation of the kalasa-banduri project and drought condition prevailing in the state, had received no response.
gandhi at the farmers' rally on wednesday had said, the watchman with a 56-inch chest ran away and told a woman, sitharaman ji, defend me.
also read: kisan rally highlights | pm failed to fulfil promises, say gandhi , arvind kejriwalkejriwal in his address at the venue, claimed that the centre had filed an affidavit in the supreme court saying it would not implement the m s swaminathan commission report.
at mandi gobindgarh, farmer harbhajan singh of dadheri village told him how the state government had failed to settle his payment.
drought management was a challenge that my government faced with.
speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the university of agricultural sciences, bangalore, siddaramaiah said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce.
chief minister ram reportedly said on wednesday that the farmer had died due to excessive consumption of liquor and that his government was not responsible for the farmers death.
puliyur a nagar , president of tmc farmers wing, said, farmers are burdened with debts and some have taken extreme decisions resulting.
legislators taking part in a discussion on the drought situation of the state in belagavi on wednesday | rajesh sadarebelagavi: chief minister ram has asked the district ministers to visit villages and ensure drought relief works are carried out expeditiously.
terming it as his scheme aimed at increasing productivity, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said the farmers will be paid rs 200 bonus on every quintal they sold to the government in the last rabi season.
we managed to stop it from spreading to paliem, said cashew farmer ram however, farmers are not sure about the arambol site, where the fire was still raging.
pm modi told global leaders in attendance at cop 14 how india has 'soil cards' to help the farmers understand the health of the soil.
in its state budget on july 5, janata dal (secular)-congress coalition government had announced a loan waiver of rs 34,000 crore, which jumped to rs 40,000 crore after the state last week decided to waive all crop loans of rs 1 lakh in cooperative banks availed till july 10, 2018.
bengaluru: , sep 12, 2015, dhns: 1:27 istkarnataka has sought an additional rs 800 crore from the centre under the national and state disaster response fundndrf and sdrfas the drought situation has worsened, said chief minister siddaramaiah on friday.
i know it is a difficult task, but i have taken it as a challenge because we cant keep on watching our farmers kill themselves without doing anything, amarindersingh said, adding, it is a tragedy that those who fed the whole nation are being left to die in debt and we need to do something.
addressing the convention organised by the bharatiya janata party at the angadi institute of technology and management, modi said farmers who are not able to cultivate lands due to dry spells during the sowing season would also get insurance cover.
during the deliberations, the chief minister informed the delegation, led by the chairman of punjab mandi board ajmer singh lakhowal, that the state government has already released funds worth rs 80 crore to ensure free crop loan of farmers upto rs 50000.
launching pradhan mantri kisan maan dhan yojana, prime minister modi said that every farmer will get rs 3,000 per month after attaining the age of 60 and the scheme will ensure benefit to over 5 crore small and marginal farmers across the country.
the alternative source of livelihood such as dairy, fisheries or poultry farming is being worked region wise to ensure farmers can survive even if their crops fail.
(source: ani photo)condemning the violence in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh where farmers are protesting over loan waiver and better price for their produce, home minister rajnathsingh on thursday said, the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man.
radha mohan singh (bjp), akash singh (rlsp)union agriculture minister radhamohansingh , who is serving his fifth term as an mp from purvi champaran, earlier known as motihari, has announced this to be his last election.
on claims that names of many farmers have not figured in waiver lists, amarindersingh said names of only those had not been figured in the lists where some anomalies in names were there and the farmers should approach authorities concerned for corrections and waiver would be provided to the deserving farmers.
urging the farmers to partner with the state in generation of power, modi said, farmers can install solar panels on their farm borders.
last week, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced in the assembly that farmers need not worry; we will buy doda chura from them and burn it.
but the cm had no time to listen to our plight, said another farmer chakradhar deshmukh.
45 crore allotted to operationalise the horticulture mission last year, union agriculture minister radhamohansingh said on september 2 and hoped the state would use the entire amount received from the centre this year.
addressing local farmers, modi said that when he became the pm, sugarcane farmers were to be paid rs 14,000 crore.
b'gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (file photo) gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (file photo)gujarat chief minister vijayrupani on friday said that the state government was helping mitigate losses by purchasing their commodities at minimum support price (msp) but added that he wants farmers to upscale their production further and earn dollars by exporting their produce.
chief minister devendra fadnavis sanctioned rs 2.5 lakh for his medical treatment, but the farmer had already passed away at a private hospital in gadchirolis chandgaon village by then.
in madhya pradesh, where five farmers were shot dead by police during a protest on june 6, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said purchasing farm produce at rates lower than the minimum support price (msp) will be treated as a crime.
nagaon deputy commissioner babu said the initial drought-like situation pushed the administration to move dispur for timely initiative to safeguard the interest farmers and the government pledged to do so.
had they fixed the minimum support price (msp) of crops earlier, the farmers would not have fallen into the debt trap at all, said modi adding that his government had taken initiatives including fixing msp for 22 crops to double farmers income in the days to come.
during his 30-minute broadcast, modi said concern over drought is natural as prolonged drought leads to a drop in water table in reservoirs.
stating that the government was floundering to account the actual energy consumed and the transmission and distribution losses, ram said farmers continue to consume maximum power when compared to farmers of other states.
we will not let a factory (power plant) come up here until and unless farmers are paid compensation as per the coming bill of parliament, amarindersingh said,while accusing badals of speeding up the acquisitions for personal gains.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh said, when farmers, who feed the nation, are forced to take to streets to draw attention to their pitiable condition, then it does not augur well for the country.
both the governments used to pay rs 400 crore each as insurance premium for kharif and rabi crops, but the farmers were getting compensation worth only rs 150 crore, nitishkumar said.
responding to a question from s r vishwanath (bjp), ram said farmers, from whom 1,810 acres had been acquired for the project, would be given an option of either financial compensation or sites.
likewise, badal also asked him to issue tubewell connections for farmers having land near the border fence on the top priority.
heres a look:change in fiscal yearin his opening remarks, modi said that in a country like india where agricultural income is exceedingly important, budgets should be prepared immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year.
repeated loan waivers by various state governments distort credit pricing, thereby also disrupting the credit market, former rbi governor raghuramrajan had said.
speaking about the farm crisis,naidu said the bjp will protect farmers and ensure that they can sell their agriculture produce anywhere in india.
speaking on the occasion, agriculture minister ram said facilities like agriculture universities were meant to give an impetus to the farming sector, which was not happening on the ground.
the drought areas will be notified in consultation with states, rural development secretary j k ram told pti.
the first guarantee given by any government should be that it will not let farmers die, modi said.
he announced that about 25,000 farmers would participate in the farmers' rally in delhi on september 20 that would be addressed by congress president sonia gandhi and vice-president rahul gandhi besides by other leaders.
however, a complete loan waiver in maharashtra would require rs 24,000 crore, sources indicated.
ragi, jowar may come under pdsthe state is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers grow more of these crops and sell them to it, said chief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday after launching the anna bhagya yojane, dhns reports from bangalore.
when the members pressed for waiving of farm loans, ram said farmers have availed rs 10,000 crore from co-operative banks and rs 35,000 crore from commercial banks.
we are not like the congress which will only pay lip-service to farmers but ignore their well-being whenever congress is in power, farmers suffer, modi said.
stop bringing in farmers on the issue of black money, farmers money is white and there is no tax on their money, said arunjaitley in lok sabha during the discussion on the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, 2017.
the farmers are suffering as a result of the central government's failure to waive their debts, which many state governments, including punjab, have sought, amarindersingh said.
madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister m.venkaiahnaidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
the mounting farm debts was making the agriculture in punjab increasingly unsustainable, endangering not only the food security of the nation but also the social fabric of this sensitive border state, said amarindersingh , citing the pioneering role of punjab in the production of foodgrain and thereby in national food security.
congress member ram said that the agriculture credit policy was faulty as farmers were not getting the benefit of loans from the cooperative sector, with some crops not being covered by them.
according to the punjab police, farmers allegedly forced the closure of vegetable mandi in ferozpur and in bathinda, farmers owing allegiance to bhartiya kisan union stopped some vehicles carrying milk.
modi said the new tunnel would not only help farmers in the region take their produce to the capital in less time and avoid weather disruptions, but would potentially double tourism in the state.
these are being worked out to make agriculture a sustainable sector, he said.
no doubt, there was a wave for modi in 2014, but farmers are disenchanted with him now, said sugar cane grower uday vir singh, 53, plonking down on a wicker chair and smoking his hookah.
speaking to dh, farmer leader sunanda ram said, give us water, or give us compensation for crop loss.
samajwadi party (sp) spokesman gandhi said the bjp government has misplaced priorities and predicted that farmers' anger would cost them dear in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
stating that he was himself a son of a farmer, ram said his government would make farmer welfare its priority.
800 farmer suicides in state: cmbengaluru, nov 19, 2015, dhns: 1:00 istchief minister ram on wednesday said as many as 800 farmers had committed suicide in karnataka.
notwithstanding the causes that lead to such incidents, my government is determined to make farmers self-reliant through drastic policy changes in coming years.
agriculture minister radhamohansingh said, this new variety will be released for commercial cultivation in january and will be available for sowing in the kharif 2017 season.
he said the farmers in karnataka would take to the streets if their government decided to discharge water for tamil nadu, ram told express.
making a statement in the assembly later in the day, ram said: it is not possible to release tamil nadus share according to the final award as our farmers very much need water during this four-month period.
crippled with debts, farmers could not repay the crop loans this season owing to crop failure and are apprehensive that they would not get fresh loans in the ensuing kharif season.
chief minister siddaramaiah reportedly said on wednesday that the farmer had died due to excessive consumption of liquor and that his government was not responsible for the farmers death.
we have to understand the problems farmers are facing, said modi.
farmers' income should double in six years: modibhubaneswar, feb 22, 2016, dhns: 0:42 istthe nda government at the centre wants to double the income of the farmers in the next six years and steps are being taken to see the target is achieved, prime minister modi said on sunday.
mentioning the government programmes, modi said the crop insurance under the prime ministers fasal bima yojana has recorded a seven-fold jump in just one year of its launch.
in a bid to ensure that all farmers get the minimum support price, arunjaitley said the states would be encouraged to take up decentralised procurement, undertaking online procurement of food grains through the food corporation of india and making arrangements for procurement of pulses, an area that has been in the domain of private traders so far.
agriculture minister radhamohansingh said the rains and hailstorm altogether affected 94 lakh hectares of crop area across 14 states over the last three months.
instead of focusing on main issues, modi says his biggest achievement was to bring the us president as chief guest on republic day while farmers and small traders were suffering, the former union minister told reporters here.
coke heeds to pm's call,to launch fizzy drink with fruit juicenew delhi, feb 11, 2016, (pti): 14:48 istbeverages giant coca-cola is set to launch a new 'juice with fizz' drink, more than a year after prime minister modi had asked the multinational cola giants to add fruit juices to their drinks to help indian farmers increase sales.
the loan waiver will affect government-owned and cooperative banks.
to ensure farmers get credit at lower rate, the chief minister said that the government should raise the subsidy from 2 per cent to 3 per cent on crop loans for cooperatives.
modi said india is currently in a crucial phase of nation building and the government's mission is to build a prosperous india where farmers are capable, workers satisfied, women empowered and youth self-reliant.
rahul gandhi in congress president gandhi addresses an election campaign rally for lok sabha polls, in samastipur, (pti)congress president gandhi on tuesday said no farmer in the country will be jailed for not repaying loans if his party comes to power at the centre.
elaborating on the ownership of the farmers, ram said, starting from a princely rule and followed by elected governments, the farmers have been granted both revenue and forest documents related to land holdings for tilling the same.
punjab chief minister amarinder singh said the farming community faced a crisis due to the indifferent attitude of the centre.
some farmers were taken into custody, said bathinda police station officer iqbal singh.
the distribution of food grains in the villages will ensure not a single farmer goes to sleep hungry, he added.
agriculture minister ram told toi that all officials had been instructed to prepare contingency plans to handle the eventuality of a monsoon failure.
farmers in the malaprabha river basin are losing patience since the dispute has been referred to a tribunal which could take a long time to deliver its final order, siddaramaiah said.
nagpur: in a veiled warning to the opposition, chief minister devendra fadnavis on sunday said his government would expose all wrongdoings made in their tenure of 15 years, due to which the farmers were committing suicides.
referring to gandhis loan waiver promise, a lady, avisha rokde, asked why not give good price so that question of loan waiver doesnt arise at all, gandhi said, if farmers are in distress, waiver is the immediate step that needs to be taken.
by express news servicebhubaneswar: urging people to vote for bjp and oust the bjd government to ensure speedy development of the state, union home minister rajnathsingh on friday announced that all farmers will be provided interest free loan of rs 1 lakh for five years if the saffron party comes to power in odisha.
while claiming that total investments in agriculture sector would in his tenure of five years (2014-2019) would surpass the past records of 50 years, fadnavis said, rs 34,000 crore loan waiver to 89 lakh farmers would reach the truly deserving and genuine individuals.
chief minister siddaramaiah , while replying to a debate on the issue in the assembly, said the arecanut farmers need not panic following the ban.
observing that the agriculture sector would do better than expected, babu said, the monsoon has been better and the manufacturing growth will pick up in the second half of the year.
why can we not have a blue economy, and why should our farmers not export their produce, said modi.
modi had said that as millions of people buy pepsi and coke the companies could put 5 per cent natural juice in their drinks and it would help farmers make a lot of money and not throw their fruits away.
but, modi said he wants farmers to reduce the use of chemical fertilisers by 30-40 per cent to save the mother earth from degradation.
farmers in karnataka have hugely benefited from the scheme, says pm.
prime minister narendramodi says that farmers are getting irrigation and electricity facilities, but they are getting power for only four to six hours that too when they go to sleep.
raje said earlier farmers used to get insurance of rs 50,000 on death or permanent disability under raj sahakar personal insurance scheme, which now has been increased to rs 10 lakh.
(file photo)union agriculture minister radhamohansingh said in lok sabha thursday that he would be happy if the new bjp government in uttar pradesh waived farm loans as promised by the party before the assembly elections.
about 33 lakh farmers have obtained farm loans worth rs 42,000cr from nationalised banks and 23 lakh farmers have drawn loans worth rs10,500cr through co-operative banks in the state, ram said.
singh said while farmers were resorting to extreme steps out of sheer desperation and the masses were reeling under the impact of the spiralling prices of essentials, mr. radha mohan singh clearly had no qualms on showing his lack of sensitivity to their problems.
siddaramaiah said primary agricultural credit co-operative societies in the state will be computerised in a phased manner during the next three years.
in his address broadcast through air stations across the state, ram said 70 farmers had committed suicide since june which was a matter of concern and the suddenrise had remained an enigma to the government itself.
if the company is not purchasing more land in other villages, farmers cannot start an agitation and stop the project, said ram of ramgarh village.
farmers will be able to sell their produce directly to factories.
the farmers are suffering as a result of the central governments failure to waive their debts, which many state governments, including punjab, had been repeatedly seeking, and also to give them the due price for their produce, he said, reiterating his demand for implementation of the swaminathan commission report.
which is why farmers are our priority, says rahul gandhi.
responding to a question from s r vishwanath (bjp), siddaramaiah said farmers, from whom 1,810 acres had been acquired for the project, would be given an option of either financial compensation or sites.
jai park said the farmers, already reeling from the lower price, feel cheated by the government for not offering adequate compensation for the land.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo) west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo)west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said the centre must announce a farm loan waiver across the country and claimed that the farmers were in distress due to demonetisation.
however, as many as 14 farmers of the village ended their lives because of crop failures and debts.
congress chiefs charge that farmers did not get narmada waters irks cmtargeting congress chief sonia gandhi once again,chief minister modi on friday said she had not done her homework and offered assistance in drafting her speeches.
his hopes for financial bailout from the bjp-led government at the centre yet to be fulfilled, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal told modi it was high time that farmers too got their due.
the loan waiver was given to only 800 farmers, modi had claimed.
)asked if he was not ruling out the possibility of a post-poll alliance with anyone if needed, akhileshyadav said: i still want to say that the farmers, women and the youth have supported the samajwadi party.
