speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the university of agriculture sciences campus on ballari road, siddaramaiah said: agriculture universities, which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector, have failed to protect the interests of farmers.
badal said a panel for farmers cause would be a real tribute to lok nayak jai prakash narayan.
instead of waiting for the unions move to waive off farm loans, ram should announce the states decision.
the chief minister also demanded that the farmers be paid the due price for their produce and in toto implementation of the swaminathan commission report.
siddaramaiah further said compensation would be distributed to the kin of the deceased farmers.
union urban development minister m.venkaiahnaidu in gandhinagar on monday announced that the centre will decide on relaxing guidelines to pay compensation to farmers who sustained 25 per cent to 50 percent damage to their crops.
later in the day, punjab chief minister park said payment to farmers for their harvest would flow electronically from tuesday, and rs 4,000 crore would be disbursed with 24 hours.
questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers, amarinder singh asked, if a bankrupt state like punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver, why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme?
modi announces 50 pc increase in compensation for distressed farmersnew delhi, april 09, 2015, dhns: 2:28 istin a reprieve to farmers whose crops have been hit by recent unseasonal rain, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday announced a 50 per cent increase in compensation and also eased criterion for providing financial relief.
speaking at the opening ceremony for the ninth edition of the hugely-popular league, shukla said, the ipl and bcci are committed to the welfare of the farmers.
recalling the contributions of the wadiyar kings, especially nalvadi, to all fields to make mysuru a welfare state, including education, agriculture, irrigation, and industries, siddaramaiah said, since he became chief minister, roads measuring a total of 1,000 km have been laid across the district at a cost of rs 1,580 crore.
crop insurancepatna: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh on friday said the centre has extended to august 31 the last date to enrol in the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana for bihar, aimed at enabling farmers to avail insurance cover against crop loss because of natural calamities.
after shiv sena relaunched its attack on the state government over loan waivers, chief minister devendra fadnavis said the demand to completely waive farm loans could not be granted immediately as it will collapse the fiscal discipline.
expressing concern of farmers' suicides and the plight of the poor people in the country, modi asked the bankers to be considerate in providing financial assistance to poor.
during his poll campaign, prime minister modi had said the first decision of the new up government under the bjp would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers.
union home minister rajnathsingh on friday said the nda government was working hard to improve the condition of farmers, claiming it was the first government ever to have resolved to double farm incomes by 2022.
chief minister ram said 80  of farmers had availed loans from commercial banks which come under the jurisdiction of the centre.
naidu, who also discussed the issue with agriculture minister radhamohan singh, said tobacco and arecanut are two important cash crops in the country and in many parts, the livelihood of farmers depend on them.
let centre also waive farm loans, cm sayshubballi, oct 02, 2015, dhns: 0:35 ista day after the state government announced waiver of interest on farmers medium- and long-term loans borrowed from co-operative banks, chief minister ram asked bjp leaders to pressure the union government to waive farmers loans borrowed from the nationalised banks, or, at least the interest.
we will not retract a single inch, we will not let them sleep at night till farmer loans are waived, gandhi said.
responding to a question of bjp mla achchudanand during the question hour, nitishkumar said: the credit-deposit ratio has increased to 40 per cent but banks do not generally give loans to farmers, students and other priority sectors.
ipr attorney p gandhi , who has obtained the maximum number of gi tags in the country, said seeraga samba rice could be cultivated throughout the year in the paddy growing tracks of the state since the grains could withstand intermittent drought even at its critical stages of growth.
new delhi, may 26, 2015, (pti): 18:21 istmaking a strong pitch for growth of farmers, prime minister narendramodi today said the country cannot move forward without their progress and called for increase in crop productivity by 50 percent.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced a slew of schemes aimed to benefit farmers.
our pro-poor schemes such as cheaper foodgrain to poor people, free milk supply to students, interest-free loans to farmers and welfare schemes to other sections of society are benefiting the people across the state, ram said.
farmers' suicide; cm siddaramaiah to lead all party delegation to pmhubballi(karna), aug 5, 2015, (pti) 16:53 istkarnataka chief minister siddaramaiah today said he will lead an all party delegation to the prime minister to seek more relief funds in the wake of farmer suicides, unseasonal rains and drought like situation in certain parts of the state.
modi said numerous measures and schemes have been initiated from making school toilets to setting up iits, iims and aiims, from providing vaccination cover to children to initiating a people-driven swacch bharat mission, from ensuring a minimum pension to labourers to providing social security to the common man, from enhancing support to farmers hit by natural calamities to defending their interests at wto.
modi said if sardar vallabhai patel had been the prime minister at the time, the condition of farmers would have been much better.
taking a dig at farm loan waiver schemes in rajasthan and mp where congress had won in recent state elections, pm modi said these agri schemes had fallen flat.
finance minister arun jaitley this month said the government will spend a record amount on rural areas and farming to help double farmers income by 2022.
only 80,000 of four lakh farmers got crop loans this kharif season under the governments restructured crop loan scheme.
this story is from december 12, 2018picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: a year after the incident of firing in mandsaur leading to death of six farmers, the congress president rahulgandhi in june this year announced that the farmers loan would be waived within 10 days if his party comes to power in madhya pradesh.
farmers in the malaprabha river basin are losing patience since the dispute has been referred to a tribunal which could take a long time to deliver its final order, ram said.
kishore tiwari, who heads the state government-appointed vasantrao naik sheti swavlamban mission and has been sent by the chief minister on a stock-taking mission in marathwada, on wednesday said,i spoke to farmers in beed today to find out the problems they are facing.
the pmfby has expanded the insurance cover to crop loss due to hailstorm, land slide and inundation of farms, modi said adding the scheme would also extend to post-harvest losses due to cyclonic and unseasonal rains.
pointing out that karnataka was witnessing one of its worst droughts in the last 46 years, ram said the state government had sought rs 4,702 crore from the centre for drought relief works.
chief minister yogiadityanath on saturday announced an ex gratia of rs 4 lakh to families of the deceased and directed district magistrates to assess crop damage and identify farmers eligible for financial aid.
chief minister siddaramaiah recently said the state had suffered a crop loss of rs 25,000 crore.
(source: express photo by rana simranjit singh)punjab chief minister park on saturday said people need to understand that the state government does have its limitations when dealing with certain issues, particularly those related to farmers.
however, siddaramaiah earlier told representatives of various farmers organisations that the online system had been working effectively and helped lakhs of farmers get judicious price for their produce at apmcs.
cag report found that about 25-30 lakh people who got loan waiver were not even eligible for it, modi said at a rally at vijaypur here.
at the jammu rally, modi claimed that the pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi, under which farmers with two hectares of cultivable land or less would get rs 6,000 a year, as announced in the budget, had no precedent.
pm modi invokes chaudhary charan singh to woo farmers in jatland bijnorin a bid to woo the farming community, prime minister narendramodi said bjp will waive off loans of all small farmers once voted to power.
water and power are two things we are committed to provide to farmers to make them self-reliant.
pticongress leaders on sunday termed union agriculture minister radha mohan singhs remark on the ongoing farmers strike, or gaon bandh, as insensitive and full of arrogance.
continuing his drive to directly connect with the beneficiaries of his governments pet schemes, prime minister narendramodi today said he will on june 20 speak to farmers on issues concerning them and the agriculture sector.
farmer suicides: increase in ex gratia effective from aprilbengaluru, october 15, 2015, dhns: 0:27 istcooperation minister h s ram on wednesday said hike in compensation to family members of farmers who have committed suicide and widow pension announced by chief minister ram recently, will have retrospective effect from april 2015.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan of the bjp also announced several measures, including bonus above the minimum support price to ensure farmers get fair prices for their produce.
by 2015, the farmers of devanahalli, kolar and chikkaballapur will have to migrate elsewhere, says shivanapura ram , a farmer from devanahalli.
our pro-poor schemes such as cheaper foodgrain to poor people, free milk supply to students, interest-free loans to farmers and welfare schemes to other sections of society are benefiting the people across the state, siddaramaiah said.
jind: chief minister manoharlalkhattar today said land in the state will not be acquired without the consent of farmers and rates prescribed for acquisition will be paid to them without any delay.
bhopal: farmers' protest continued unabated in many parts of western madhya pradesh today even as chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of agitating farmers.
chandigarh: the haryana government is in talks with various companies for the domestic production of bio-fuel from stubble and also has plans to provide agriculture implements to farmers on subsidised rates to keep a check on the practice of burning paddy stubble in the state, chief minister manoharlalkhattar said.
making a strong outreach to the crisis-ridden farming community, modi said the kisan channel is aimed at helping drive farm income by supplying key information, such as weather, market and demand.
taking note of the escalating violence, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced that he would observe an indefinite fast at the bhel dussehra maidan in bhopal from 11 am on saturday to bring farmer leaders to the table for peaceful negotiations.
if elected to power, the congress will write off debt of each farmer in chhattisgarh in 10 days, gandhi told the gathering.
following this, devendra fadnavis has asked the finance secretary of the state to study the up model on the basis of which loan waiver was declared.
(file photo)the congress government had failed to deliver on its promise to waive farm loans, sad president sukhbirsinghbadal said monday.
fadnavis, who was in yavatmal district, the epicentre of farmer suicides in the state, also expressed his unhappiness over the inordinate delay in completion of work and listed out all the problems voiced by the villagers.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state cabinet would give one more chance to farmers who could not submit their loan waiver application.
modis predecessor manmohan singh had waived farm loans worth rs 72,000 crore, siddaramaiah said.
pm modi invokes chaudhary charan singh to woo farmers in jatland bijnorin a bid to woo the farming community, prime minister modi said bjp will waive off loans of all small farmers once voted to power.
now as we have started the waiver despite odds against us we will continue providing assistance and will reach out to all 10.25 lakh small and marginal farmers out of total 17.50 farming families in punjab.
partys general secretary digvijaya singh asked: upa had waived loans of farmers worth rs 72,000 crore.
chief minister siddaramaiah had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes, but he has not bothered to safeguard the interest of farmers.
answering a query regarding financial package, badal said the state had demanded outstanding debt waiver and refund of rs 2,694 crore paid as interest on special term loan amounting to rs 5,800 crore by the state for fighting militancy.
chief minister capt amarindersingh on monday said the state government will allow the farmers in punjab to sow paddy a week before the scheduled date of june 20, as part of a string of sops he announced to woo the farming community.
chief minister devendra fadnavis on friday said an integrated scheme to ensure economic sustenance for small and marginal farmers was being worked out to put an end to farmer suicides in maharashtra.
liquidity is very important for farmers so that they continue to invest in their agriculture and grow healthy crop, nagar said.
about the steps taken by government to protect farmers like setting up of enforcement cells at district level to keep a check on private money lenders and repayment of dues to sugarcane farmers, siddaramaiah said government is planning to constitute an expert committee.
comparing suicide of farmers in karnataka with up, yogiadityanath said up has a population of 23 crore, which is three times higher than that of karnataka, but there are no cases of farmer suicides in the northern state.
i had written to the union minister of environment and forests in january saying that interested parties who failed to win the confidence of farmers (on transgenic crops) are now pushing the technology through public institutions, nitishkumar said.
the congress government, on the other hand, had waived over rs 70,000 crore in farm loans across the country, he added.
chief minister park on sunday told leaders of the 17 farmers unions that the state will cancel the notification for acquisition of 171 acres of gobindpura village for the upcoming power plant of indiabulls,and they can start tilling their land.
our government is committed for the security as well as the prosperity of all sections of society, pm modi said while enumerating several of the government schemes floated by the government over past five years for farmers, tribals, nomads etc.
beyond that as the central government, i have nothing to say, arunjaitley told reporters when asked if the centre will intervene on the issue of farm loan waivers and related protests.
fadnavis visit, however, failed to enthuse the farmers community, which is battling acute water shortage, crop failure and suicides.
on the issue of agricultural debt relief, while his government had already announced a package of rs 8000 crores for over ten lakh small and marginal farming households, there was need for a comprehensive package and assistance from the centre, said amarindersingh , urging for a one-time debt waiver to help out the farming community.
salem: as part of the measures being taken to improve agriculture, a special scheme for development of rainfed agriculture has been conceived, said chief minister edappadik.palaniswami at a mega government scheme distribution function in salem on tuesday.
prime minister narendramodi has asked the top officials to move fast to approach the aiib for loans for some of the flagship projects of his government, particularly in agriculture, rural housing and railway sectors.
i myself being a son of a farmer, i empathise with you, siddaramaiah said, while appealing to them not to allow their mind to be weakenedby distress.
i am ecstatic that there would be no levy of gst on services rendered by government, reserve bank of india, public conveniences, educational institution, services relating to agriculture, transmission or distribution of electricity, renting of residential dwelling for use as a residence, burial, healthcare, specified schemes of general insurance etc, mohan said.
kishore tiwari, leader of farmers advocacy group vidarbha jan andolan samiti, said, hostile counselling alone will not work and distressed families should be assured of health, educational benefits, food security, special long-term loans for their daughters wedding.
when farmers talk about loan waiver, (finance minister) arunjaitley says the centre does not have any policy for it.
karnataka was not releasing water for its own farmers, as the available storage has been reserved to meet the drinking water needs of bengaluru and other cities, ram told the team of 20 farmers associations from tamil nadu, led by former rajya sabha mp and the leader of dmks farmers wing, kp ramalingam.
the country has about 12-14 crore farmers.
gandhi said the modi government has waived off loans of big industrialists but when farmers want the waiver of their loans, where the amount involved in much less, jaitley would not oblige.
replying to queries from the media on tuesday as to whether the governor had rejected the governments recommendation, chief minister siddaramaiah in kolar said, i have not seen the letter sent by the governors office as i was in ballari to monitor drought relief work on monday.
responding to the opposition parties, commerce and industry minister nirmalasitharaman said the government was seized of the problems being faced by drought-hit farmers in tamil nadu and that finance minister arun jaitley, agriculture minister radha mohan singh and water resources minister uma bharti have already met delegations from the state.
badal also asked the additional chief secretaries development and revenue to seek legal opinion from legal remembrancer (lr) for making suitable amendments in the land tenure act 1953 for facilitating the farmers to get better prices of their produce.
apmc secretary ram said that online trading will ensure that farmers are not cheated.
pm-kisan, which will involve a cost of rs 75,000 crore, will eventually enable farmers to increase their income, modi claimed, adding that there would be no place for any syndicate or middlemen as money would be transferred directly into farmers accounts.
replying to a question on what he thought about fadnavis refusal to grant loan waiver to farmers at a meet the press programme organised by the nagpur union of working journalists, pawar said, i dont think a complete loan waiver is a good idea.
speaking about the enormous hike in price of fertilisers, sushmaswaraj told the large number of farmers present in the rally that the bjp was always opposed to foreign direct investment for the interest of small traders in the country.
on the farm sector loan, pranabmukherjee said, against the target of flow of rs 3,75,000 crore as agricultural credit in 2010-11, the achievement has been over rs 4,46,000 crore.
in a bid to counter patel who has been raising the issue of suicides by farmers,modi also announced to hold a series of farmer development conventions at all the 115 dam sites in the region before october 7,when the cm completes 11 years in office.
party senior spokesperson c p ram said the modi government in three years of being in power has put the agriculture sector in the icu as it is gripped with widespread distress and farmers are committing suicide due to bjps anti-farmer policies and its callous approach.
a field survey would be conducted within four weeks, following which the physical possession of the land would be handed over to the farmers, mamatabanerjee said.
by iansjaipur: the time has come to usher in another green revolution and the congress will do it if comes to power after the lok sabha polls, congress president gandhi said at a farmers' outreach here on wednesday.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: deputy chief minister modi on saturday announced that a bamboo policy will be made for the state and the government will send farmers, artisans and entrepreneurs to north-eastern states for training in bamboo cultivation as well as industries.
by ptinew delhi: the leaders of all opposition parties stand united with farmers in ensuring their good future, congress president rahulgandhi said on friday and called for a farm loan waiver.
the centres new notification imposing restrictions on cattle trade will cause an enormous financial burden on farmers, thereby further contributing to the agrarian crisis, karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah has said in a letter to prime minister narendra modi.
after uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath announced to fulfil the poll promise of crop loan waivers, farmers all across the country began demanding the same.
the bidding process and final bid price are prominently displayed to the farmers on a lcd screen in the auction floor, ram said.
waive loans of farmers also, rahul said in gorakhpur.
market watchers claim many farmers had stopped repaying loans soon after aicc president gandhi announced plans to waive farm loans up to rs 2 lakh in 10 days after coming to power in madhya pradesh.
farmers in maharashtra, who had been on a war path from june 1 to press for their various demands, had on june 11 called off their stir after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced loan waiver for them.
whatever may be the difficulty, our governmentis committed to maintaining fiscal discipline, and also saving you (farmers), kumaraswamy told the meeting after listening to farmers for about three hours.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath announced waiver of rs 36,000 crore farmers loan as the state has other sources of income and generous support by the union government.
besides seeking immediate decision on creating vidarbha state, we are demanding waiver of farm loans, accountability for the wrong monetary policies and charging of heavy fees for every banking operation, said ram of vras.
nagaon deputy commissioner p. ashok ram said the initial drought-like situation pushed the administration to move dispur for timely initiative to safeguard the interest farmers and the government pledged to do so.
it will also help farmers earn more, modi said.
modi, who is trying to boost investment in industry that would create new jobs outside agriculture, said farmers should increase productivity so that they can prosper even as the average size of farms shrinks due to a growing population.
terming the 2013 land bill brought by upa as one that was against rural areas and farmers, arunjaitley said the 2015 bill sought to remove its shortcomings.
modi announces 50 pc increase in compensation for distressed farmersnew delhi, april 09, 2015, dhns: 2:28 istin a reprieve to farmers whose crops have been hit by recent unseasonal rain, prime minister modi on wednesday announced a 50 per cent increase in compensation and also eased criterion for providing financial relief.
from land monetisation to seeking the help of financial institutions, the government will explore all available routes to help small and marginal farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on sunday.
all-party delegation to be taken to delhi to resolve sugar cane issuebelagavi: july 1, 2015, dhns 1:10 istthe state government will pay the sugar cane farmers after auctioning the sugar stock seized from the factories, chief minister ram has said.
noting that the symbolic sops he had announced for farmers in his new year eve address to the nation were not enough to rescue the farming community from the crisis into which they had been plunged due to note ban, amarinder said modi had failed to announce debt waiver even though the congress had recently submitted to him more than one crore forms from punjab and uttar pradesh farmers seeking relaxation.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has already said loan waiver to farmers will be considered at an appropriate time.
government ready to include ragi, jowar under pdsbangalore, july 10, 2013, dhns: 1:52 istthe state government is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers are willing to grow more of these crops and sell them to it, chief minister ram said on wednesday.
about 33 lakh farmers have obtained farm loans worth rs 42,000cr from nationalised banks and 23 lakh farmers have drawn loans worth rs10,500cr through co-operative banks in the state, siddaramaiah said.
in 2013, more than 3,000 farmers in the state ended their lives, according to records, but people in the know claim the ncrb does not reflect ground realities.
watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, arunjaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
naidu announces schedule for massive loan waiver initiativehyderabad, dec 4, 2014, (pti) 19:39 istseeking to fulfill a key election promise, andhra pradesh chief minister n naidu today announced to waive off farm loan of up to rs 1.
not only farmers loans will be waived, but also educative programmes will be introduced, he said.
on the farm loan waiver issue, rahulgandhi said, when they were in government they waived rs 70,000 crore in loan waiver and recalled the bjp mps criticism against the same.
modi said that the rs 1,540 crore the centre had released as compensation to farmers who suffered losses during the kharif season in karnataka, was not credited to their accounts till the union government applied pressure.
terming the rail roko agitation by farmers as unfortunate, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal said the state government was ready to accept every genuine demand of the peasantry.
(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that micro-irrigation for agriculture will not only save water but also increase the productivity.
in modis home state of gujarat  a state with one of the highest rain deficits in the largely normal monsoon of 2016, as indiaspend reported in october 2016  a fourth of farmers have benefitted from the flagship crop-insurance scheme, not 60-70  as modi claimed.
the injustice done to the farmers will be revealed by the investigation, manoharlalkhattar said during the ongoing budget session of the vidhan sabha.
we are committed to welfare of farmers.
union agriculture minister sharad pawar on saturday said he would not oppose the creation of vidarbha out of maharashtra if a majority of the people in the state wanted it.
punjab cm captain amarindersingh (file photo) punjab cm captain amarindersingh (file photo)the state level bankers committee of punjab friday said the delay in rolling out the farm debt waiver to farmers having accounts in commercial banks was affecting recoveries of commercial banks and had also turned nearly 80 per cent farmers into non-performing assets (npas).
siddaramaiah said previously 100 or 200 farmers would commit suicide a year and 48 such incidents were reported during 2014-15 but the incidence saw a rise since june.
skeptical about up farm loan waiveron the uttar pradesh government waiving farm loans, benefiting 86 lakh farmers, ram said he does not know if the centre had chipped in.
van dhan (forest-based economy, jan dhan (financial empowerment of the poor), and jal dhan (water conservation to power irrigation of agriculture) could be ethical, economical and an ecological mean of making india a nation to reckon with by 2022 on the world stage, gadkari quoted modi having told the conclave.
addressing a gathering in old ankola town, mr. gandhi said instead of helping farmers and the poor through loan waiver, mr. modi was only interested in helping loan defaulters and had waived thousands of crores of loans of businessmen.
it said such a step would lead to a fiscal collapse and not benefit farmers.
with farmers ending lives in the parched saurashtra region in an election year,chief minister narendramodi on tuesday announced an ambitious rs 10,000-crore irrigation project,to be called saurashtra narmada avtaran irrigation yojana (sauni),which aims to fill all 115 dams in the region with narmada water by interlinking a total of 87 rivers.
accusing the previous governments of being responsible for the sorry state of affairs in the state, yogiadityanath said work will be done to make development agriculture-based as it is main source of income.
we have given a package of roughly rs 5,000 crore to farmers, news agency pti quoted chief minister manoharlalkhattar said.
to send a message to farmers, who are in the habit of raising loans, ram said, barring my father, who had obtained loan once from a pld bank, nobody in our undivided family has availed loans.
he used to wear rose and had the knowledge of gardens but did not know about farmers or farming, due to which the community faced hardship, babu said, without naming nehru.
when the congress returned to power in rajasthan, the state government waived farm loans, gandhi said.
again, in response to shekhars query on why the government does not waive off loans for farmers as it has done for corporate houses, arunjaitley said the government has not waived off loans to corporate houses.
the new capital region will be just 18km from the krishna riverfront and the farmers who part with their fertile land in this region will benefit immensely, naidu said, trying to allay their fears.
eligible farmers from jalandhar, kapurthala, ludhiana, fazilka and ferozepur districts were given the certificates.
barnala deputy commissioner ghanshyamthori said suicide of 27 farmers and farm labourers, because of debt have been approved as per direction of the department of revenue, rehabilitation and disaster management.
we will form government in uttar pradesh, will waive loans of small farmers, modi said.
earlier, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath had announced crop loan write-offs of not more than rs one lakh costing the exchequer to the tune of rs 36,000 crore.
in all, rs 75,000 will be transferred to farmers accounts, no broker or middlemen involved, modi said.
responding to clarifications from members, siddaramaiah said the government will constitute an agriculture price commission soon and come to the rescue of arecanut, coconut, coffee and cotton growers in distress.
state seeks rs 362 crore for flood reliefbangalore, oct 31, 2014, dhns: 13:10 istcentral teams will visit drought-hit areas on nov 7 and 8: cmchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday said the state government had convinced two central teams, which visited nine flood affected districts, about the severity of the devastation and was confident that the centre would approve the relief package of rs 362 crore it had sought.
number one was jobs, number two - corruption, (and) number three - farmers.
crediting the small and medium farmers of gujarat with revolutionising agriculture in the last one decade,modi said 95 per cent of our farmers are small or medium sized farmers.
at the rally, which was organised as thanksgiving meet of farmers for the agricultural farm loan waiver executed by the kamal nath government, gandhi said the waiver is just the beginning, were also committed to starting food processing units and cold storages near farmers plots in every district of the state.
modi agenda gopalganj: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh on sunday said agenda of modi government for five years is to strengthen the country and this is possible only when farmers and villages are taken care of.
the chief minister, however, said this had been achieved at a huge cost to the state and its farmers as the punjab farmers have bartered away their only two natural resources, soil fertility and water.
bengaluru: , sep 12, 2015, dhns: 1:27 istkarnataka has sought an additional rs 800 crore from the centre under the national and state disaster response fundndrf and sdrfas the drought situation has worsened, said chief minister ram on friday.
modi, who was giving details of the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana, an crop insurance scheme in light of 1,000 farmer suicides in karnataka in the past one year, said river-linking would save the country and help overcome water scarcity.
in this year budget we have introduced a new scheme pm kishan sanman nidhi, under which an amount of rs 6000 will be deposited to the account of the farmers per year who have only five acres of cultivable land in order to support them, modi said and assured all possible support to the state.
to send a message to farmers, who are in the habit of raising loans, siddaramaiah said, barring my father, who had obtained loan once from a pld bank, nobody in our undivided family has availed loans.
questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers, amarindersingh asked, if a bankrupt state like punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver, why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme?
although chief minister ram claimed that the government has already distributed nearly rs 4,100 crore as relief to farmers who lost their crop, it's been a case of so near, yet so far.
govt in no hurry to declare taluks drought-hitkolar, august 8, 2013, dhns: 0:35 istagriculture minister ram announced on thursday that the list of drought-hit taluks in the state would be put once the rainy season ends.
but nda will have to meet first (to take a decision), sad veteran and punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal told reporters here after a meeting with agriculture minister sharad pawar.
drawing an analogy between the economic acumen of indira gandhi and modi, ram said the former took a revolutionary step to nationalise 14 banks in 1969 to enable farmers, daily-wagers and others to avail benefits of banking.
what makes this more significant is that after a long gap of 10 to 15 years, a large chunk of farmers who were denied fresh bank loans because of past defaults, would now be eligible for crop loans providing an opportunity to start afresh in their struggle for existence, tiwari told toi.
as for bailing out sericulture farmers hit by price crash, pranabmukherjee told the delegation that as he has to take care of everybody in the sector including weavers, consumers and farmers, the centre would take suitable decision soon.
calling demonetisation a morally and ethically correct decision, arunjaitley asked the opposition not to defend black money in the name of farmers.
siddaramaiah said karnataka had urged the centre for a drought-relief package of rs 1,416 crore in january, but nothing had come so far.
but the scheme never took off due to change in the government at the centre, agriculture minister radhamohansingh told reporters here.
(ap photo)in his mann ki baat on november 26, prime minister modi asked farmers to cut urea consumption by half by 2022.
modi claimed that the waivers announced by the congress governments in the states would benefit a maximum of 20 to 30 per cent farmers, while his scheme would reach 90 to 95 per cent farmers.
prime minister narendramodi said, the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run india but to create a new india, adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last five-years during which the youth, women, farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan (file photo) madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan (file photo)madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan has said that the state government would provide rs 25,000 as financial assistance to the farmers, who lost 50 per cent of their crops during the recent hailstorm, for marriage of their daughters.
(file photo)to save farmers from distress selling of crops in open market, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal on monday approved setting up of a price stabilisation fund in the state.
our government has made it clear that no bank will initiate kurki of farmers property to recover the outstanding debt, amarindersingh told the house.
amid the ongoing agitation of farmers in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently announced the biggest-ever farm loan waiver in the state.
leader of opposition (lop), ram said that the state government had failed on law and order front and did not keep its promise of serving farmers interests.
rahul, during an interactive session with farmers in gannaur in haryana, said farmers in kutch were crying when they met him.
a beaming mr. rajender, immediately after presenting his fifth budget to the state assembly on thursday, told a media conference that the budget was focussed on finer aspects of farming with the closure of loan waiver for farmers amounting to rs. 17,000 crore last year.
ramanan ram , a senior research scholar at the princeton environment institute, said causes of air pollution in india were more easily correctable than in china, like the burning of paddy straw by northern indian farmers after they harvest it.
at a meeting held with national agriculture cooperative marketing federation of india (nafed), chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the state government was committed to provide both financial and logistic support to farmers cultivating cereals such as tur and harbara.
a.c. jain , the nodal officer, it department of agriculture, said: altogether, 82 district agriculture officers, joint directors, deputy directors and junior plant protection officers would benefit under the scheme.
boosting moralewith collective initiative, we have to boost the morale of farmers and help them tide over the crisis, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
chief minister parkashsinghbadal on sunday told leaders of the 17 farmers unions that the state will cancel the notification for acquisition of 171 acres of gobindpura village for the upcoming power plant of indiabulls,and they can start tilling their land.
speaking to reporters in bengaluru, ram said that rahul would visit the houses of farmers who ended their lives due to debt in mandya district on october 9.
speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the university of agriculture sciences campus on ballari road, ram said: agriculture universities, which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector, have failed to protect the interests of farmers.
jaipur: rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje on thursday said it was first time in the history of the state that a government has waived farm loans of up to rs 50,000.
listing the sops offered by her government, mamatabanerjee said it has already given financial benefits to 30,000 farmers under 'krishi bondhu' scheme under which they will get the assistance of rs 5,000 per acre in two instalments, one during kharif and another during rabi season.
farmers are a worried lot and government should come to their help by initiating drought relief works in the state, ram said.
rahul will visit kin of peasants who ended lives: siddaramaiahbengaluru, july 25, 2015, dhns: 0:58 istcongress vice president rahul gandhi will soon visit karnataka again for two days to meet some of the family members of farmers who committed suicide recently, chief minister siddaramaiah said on friday.
stressing on the importance of a second green revolution in the eastern states of odisha, jharkhand, bihar, west bengal and north-eastern states, modi said that by 2022, when india celebrates the 75th year of its independence, the income of farmers will have doubled.
speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the university of agricultural sciences, bangalore, ram said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce.
the schemes announced on friday will have impact on at least 12 crore families of small farmers, pm narendramodi claimed.
action will be taken as per law, against all those (mills) not abiding by the law, ram told reporters here in response to a question that a few mill owners - who are ministers in his cabinet - are allegedly not abiding by rules about payment of dues to sugarcane farmers.
a day after painting a grim picture of indias farming during the inauguration of the meet,modi said,the government of india has helped us identify progressive farmers from each district of the country.
he, however, promised to implement swaminathan commission once he comes in power besides promising that he will reduce power tariff from existing rs 7 per unit to rs 4 per unit.
we are going to waive farm loans, gandhi told the media here asserting that his party would fulfil the promise of waving loans of farmers in all the three states within 10 days of coming to power.
pawar said he would discuss the farmers problems with the state and central governments and try to find a solution without politicising it.
if there is a ray of hope in the world economy today, it is india, modi said at the rally attended by thousands of farmers.
odisha chief minister naveenpatnaik today asked the district collectors to attach importance to farmers issues while opposition congress demanded constitution of a farmers commission in the state.
soon after the house assembled at 11am, leader of opposition indira hridayesh raised the issue saying if uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath could announce a loan waiver for farmers at the very first meeting of his cabinet, why the same cant be done in uttarakhand.
while chief minister naveen patnaik thanked farmers for agreeing to leave their land for the refinery project, modi said: the paradip project has shown that farmers here are ready to give their land so that lakhs of youths get jobs, he added.
state seeks rs 362 crore for flood reliefbangalore, oct 31, 2014, dhns: 13:10 istcentral teams will visit drought-hit areas on nov 7 and 8: cmchief minister ram on thursday said the state government had convinced two central teams, which visited nine flood affected districts, about the severity of the devastation and was confident that the centre would approve the relief package of rs 362 crore it had sought.
this was after the world bank took cognisance of the complaints filed by farmers in the amaravati region that the government had commandeered their land in the name of land-pooling to build the new capital city of amaravati, dr ram , who is also a member of the cess board of governors, said over telephone.
our endeavour is to lead the revival of coconut farming and provide support to farmers with scientific protocols for value addition and processing, babu said.
naidu also said that all the farm and gold loans taken by farmers will be waived by the government by january 22.
speaking on the issue, chavan said, farmers are not getting loan waiver or crop insurance and cannot even avail crop loans.
when the members pressed for waiving of farm loans, siddaramaiah said farmers have availed rs 10,000 crore from co-operative banks and rs 35,000 crore from commercial banks.
addressing the gathering, nagar nagar , president, farmers wing of tamil maanila congress (tmc) said, about one lakh acres of cash crops in tiruchy and karur districts particularly the annual crops, and banana plantation are on the verge of withering.
i am going to waive off farmers loans, kumaraswamy told reporters in bengaluru after being sworn in as chief minister.
union urban development minister naidu in gandhinagar on monday announced that the centre will decide on relaxing guidelines to pay compensation to farmers who sustained 25 per cent to 50 percent damage to their crops.
(ap photo)in his mann ki baat on november 26, prime minister narendramodi asked farmers to cut urea consumption by half by 2022.
with farmers ending lives in the parched saurashtra region in an election year,chief minister modi on tuesday announced an ambitious rs 10,000-crore irrigation project,to be called saurashtra narmada avtaran irrigation yojana (sauni),which aims to fill all 115 dams in the region with narmada water by interlinking a total of 87 rivers.
these have been the two main demands of the farmers who are on a 10-day statewide strike.
farmers belonging to schedule castes, schedule tribes will continue to get reservations in accordance with constitutional provisions.
during his political address at churu, modi said that under the scheme, 1 crore small farmers had received rs 2,000 each without any middleman transferred into their bank accounts.
exhorting fish farmers in the presence of animal husbandry and fisheries minister awadhesh kumar singh, agriculture minister ramvichar rai, cooperatives minister alok kumar mehta and food and consumer protection minister madan sahni, to take a pledge to produce more fish to fulfil bihar's demand and also export to other states, nitishkumar said the blue revolution in fisheries sector was a part of his concept of rainbow revolution to improve the income of people, raise their standard of living and bolster the revenue of the state.
in the past three years, bill recoveries had been stayed on account of the drought and other crises faced by the farm sector, fadnavis said.
although chief minister siddaramaiah claimed that the government has already distributed nearly rs 4,100 crore as relief to farmers who lost their crop, it's been a case of so near, yet so far.
the problems of water and fodder supply in drought-hit areas would be taken up on a war footing, gandhi said while interacting with farmers and labourers in the drought hit villages of aurangabad in maharashtra.
because of cumbersome banking processes and the burden of debt,around 2,70,000 farmers have committed suicide in the past 20 years, modi had said.
at the function, yogiadityanath said, the 86 lakh farmers of uttar pradesh, whose loans are being waived, should be asked to plant 10 saplings each in order to increase the number of trees.
haryana chief minister manoharlalkhattar said that farmers covered under the scheme would get enhanced insurance compensation ranging between rs 10,000 and rs 25,000 per acre as against the prescribed rates fixed between rs 7500 and rs 12,000 per acre for damage to the crop.
gujarat chief minister vijayrupani on sunday announced changes in the norms for spending annual grant of rs 1 crore to each mla for local area development (lad) to help projects like swachh bharat mission and farmers market, as per the recommendations of the cabinet sub-committee.
a day after the state government agreed to meet demands of farmers, thousands of whom marched to the city from nashik, chief minister devendra fadnavis on tuesday listed decisions agreed upon in the meeting between the kisan morcha organisers and the state.
aware that the government is often being criticised following the suicide of farmers, naveenpatnaik said: we are the only state to have doubled farmers' income in the last decade.
chandigarh: addressing a protest rally at chandigarh on tuesday, former punjab chief minister parkash singh badal advised farmers not to pay their debt stating that his successor captain amarinder singh had given them sworn affidavits stating he would pay their debts.
reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the congress comes to power in the state, amarinder said modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban.
likewise, badal said that the announcement on embarking kisan yatra, a special travel scheme to help farmers to learn about new farming and marketing techniques, would also go a long way in bailing out the farmers from current agrarian crisis.
the controversy comes just days after uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath announced rs 36,350-crore farm loan waiver and punjab cm capt amarinder singh set up an expert group to assess the agriculture debt and suggest ways for its waiver to help farmers.
rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje in the budget for 2018-19 announced a one-time loan waiver of up to rs 50,000 for small and marginal farmers along with a budgetary provision of rs 2,000 crore.
karnataka chief minister h.d. kumaraswamy, his deputy g. parameshwara and chief secretary ratnaprabha (left) during a meeting with the farmers on the issue of loan waiver, in bangalore on wednesday.
deputy commissioner babu said the assessment of the damages in the district is on and initiatives would be taken to benefit the farmers according to the governments direction.
the low water level has also impacted the agriculture operation under the command area, siddaramaiah said.
he added, pawar, who hails from maharashtra which has recorded the highest number of farmers suicides, cannot absolve himself of the responsibilities as he also happens to be the union agriculture minister.
follow our full election coverage hereto win over the disgruntled farmers, modi announced an annual cash payment of rs 6000 in three equal installments to as many as 120 million farmers.
captain amarindersingh , who was part of the congress delegation led by partys national vice president rahul gandhi, said farmers, burdened with loans, were committing suicide in punjab and other parts of the country.
modi to address farmers' rally in belagavi on february 27hubballi, feb 9, 2016, dhns: 3:11 iststate bjp president pralhad ram announced on monday that prime minister narendra modi would address a farmers convention to be held in belagavi on february 27.
on saturday, union agriculture minister radha mohan singh said the protest by farmers were attempts to get media attention.
also read | punish congress for treachery against farmers, honest taxpayers, says pmsix crore women belonging to all sections and categories were provided with lpg connections under the centre's ujjwala scheme in the last 32 months, modi said, adding, all the welfare schemes are being implemented in a balanced way to benefit all.
cong won't allow govt to take land of farmers easily: rahulanantapur (ap), july 24, 2015, pti: 12:58 isthitting out at the nda government over the contentious land bill, congress vice president rahulgandhi today said he would not let prime minister narendra modi take farmers' land easily.
praising madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, prime minister modi said, cm @chouhanshivraj, who has revolutionised agriculture sector in mp, will share a presentation on the roadmap to double income of farmers.
there are incentives for farmers who repaid loans in time.
(file photo)making yet another pro-farmer announcement in election year, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on sunday said a board on the lines of apeda (agricultural and processed food products export development authority) will be set up in madhya pradesh to help farmers export and get remunerative price for their produce.
ryot leader sunanda ram said farmers in mandya district are suffering due to severe drought and there is no sufficient water in the krs dam.
mansa, punjab: launching the much-awaited controversial loan waiver scheme for farmers, punjab chief minister amarinder singh on sunday said his government would also waive loans of farm labourers.
compensationsuresh ram said he would make all efforts to ensure that the farmers who had lost their land under the hemavathi scheme, will get compensation at the earliest.
(pti file photo, file) madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister m.venkaiahnaidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
recalling the contributions of the wadiyar kings, especially nalvadi, to all fields to make mysuru a welfare state, including education, agriculture, irrigation, and industries, ram said, since he became chief minister, roads measuring a total of 1,000 km have been laid across the district at a cost of rs 1,580 crore.
making a suo moto statement today in lok sabha on the trade pact clinched at the wto meeting at geneva last night, commerce minister nirmalasitharaman said besides accepting its concerns on public stockholding, the deal by the 160-member body allows india to continue with its policy to provide minimum support price to farmers.
we would also be happy to share best practices in organic farming with kenyan farmers, said modi at a joint press conference with kenyatta.
similarly, rs 35,984 crore have been allocated to agriculture, while rs 9 lakh crore earmarked for crop loans this year, naidu said.
as the centre is yet to take a stand of bhavantar, we have decided that garlic and onion will continue to be included but farmers will have to sell gram, lentil and mustard at msp, which the government will ensure, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan told reporters at a hurriedly-called press conference on friday evening.
the decision is to facilitate farmers who have not been able to file online applications for various reasons.
we have written to ipc bank to examine amount as shown in list of beneficiaries with loan amount they had actually borrowed and the revised list with actual figure of loan amount should be further sent to state government to square accounts of farmers agriculture loan, assistant commissioner (cooperative) babu said.
action will be taken as per law, against all those (mills) not abiding by the law, siddaramaiah told reporters here in response to a question that a few mill owners - who are ministers in his cabinet - are allegedly not abiding by rules about payment of dues to sugarcane farmers.
in a letter to the pm, amarindersingh said the total farm debt in punjab is more than rs 80,000 crore, including the crop loans of rs 12,500 in the cooperative sector.
gandhi said the agriculture loans of farmers in madhya pradesh, including the kin of former chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, have been waived by the congress government in the state.
instead, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced a new incentive scheme in which a farmer gets 10  subsidy on the principal amount while repaying the loan.
ashok chavan, maharashtra congress president, said the state has been conveniently ignoring farmers suicides and other issues related to farmers despite raising them repeatedly.
bathinda deputy commissioner ghanshyamthori , who convened a meeting of senior officials of departments concerned, said whitefly-friendly weed would be destroyed under technical guidance from the agriculture department before march 11.
kishore tiwari, activist who heads the commission for farmers in distressed districts, said, the biggest relief to farmers during the drought is assured food and health care.
union home minister rajnathsingh on thursday said there were reports of anti-social elements instigating the madhya pradesh farmers agitation, which led to the police firing that claimed five lives.
in his message, siddaramaiah said the state hit by monsoon failure and drought will be blessed with a good north east monsoon that will raise the hopes for rabi crops.
dcc president t p ram said the budget has announced welfare programmes for farmers, women and deprived class.
compensation to farmers after joint survey report: cmapril 18, 2015, gangavati (koppal dist), dhns 2:32 istcompensation to farmers for the crops they have lost to unseasonal rain in five districts of the hyderabad-karnataka region would be given once officials of agriculture and revenue departments conduct a joint survey and submit a detailed report, chief minister ram said on friday.
modi asked hollande to forget the rs 526 crore deal and instead take rs 1,600 crore and give the contract to anil ambani modi put rs 30,000 crore in anil ambanis pocket and just rs 17 for farmers families in india.
we'll certainly examine it (proposal for waiving farm loans), naveenpatnaik said.
though high yielding maize hybrids, coupled with increase in area under maize cultivation, holds great promise, the same is not viable for the farmers in the absence of assured procurement at msp, said captain amarindersingh , seeking financial support from the centre for farmers compelled to sell their maize produce at a price lower than the msp.
in a recent letter to the prime minister, ram said his government is willing to consider waiving 50  of farm loans extended by co-operative banks if the centre accepts his request.
it will do nothing for poor farmers, he added.
admitting that about 85 lakh farmers across the southern state were in debt for raising bank loans, he said they were in distress due to recurring droughts and crop failures over the years.
chief secretary tom ram said the government decided to extend the moratorium considering the pathetic state of farmers.
stating that agriculture remains a most potent sector to push up country's economy, modi said the farmers should be led towards modern amenities and his government's efforts to distribute soil health cards is a sincere attempt towards that endeavour.
we would also be happy to share best practices in organic farming with kenyan farmers, prime minister modi said in a statement following the talks.
b m mallikarjuna babu , assistant director of the horticulture department, said farmers should mix 2 ml of quinolphos to one litre of water, before sprinkling the mixture to the trees.
devendra fadnavis (file) devendrafadnavis (file)while loan waiver is going to lead to financial constraints, it will not impact development projects in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
2.48pm: the food we eat is all due to the efforts of our farmers and their families, not rich businessmen.
(source: pti photo/file)the state government will distribute land parchas  documents establishing the ownership of pieces of land in revenue records  among unwilling farmers at singur in hooghly on september 14, chief minister mamatabanerjee said on monday.
during the meeting held at the punjab bhawan here, cm amarindersingh said officials should make all-out efforts to ensure timely and full procurement of every single grain from farmers, who had suffered a harrowing time last year due to an ill-conceived agricultural policy of the erstwhile sad-bjp government.
there has been no contribution from the centre to the congress-led government's rs 8,500 crore contribution in farm loan waivers, gandhi said on twitter.
wondering how the commission can ignore karnataka which has been facing severe drought for the past several years, siddaramaiah said even smaller states like haryana have received more allocation than karnataka.
by ptinagpur: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has announced that paddy farmers in the state will get a bonus of rs 500 per quintal for the crop.
though the ban will help farmers get livestock at a lesser price, it cannot prevent the illegal sale of animals for meat, said radhakrishnan.
apologising for not visiting families of those farmers who have ended their lives, owing to the ongoing legislative session, ram said he would do so once the session concluded.
laying stress on setting up more ultra-modern centers of excellence for undertaking research and design (r&d) to promote agriculture diversification in the state, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal on tuesday said that these were the 'temples of second green revolution' which were required for bailing out the farmers from the current agrarian crisis.
in his memorandum to the team, siddaramaiah said 119 human lives has been lost since april 2013 and 11,536 houses damaged; 1,33,572 hectare agriculture crops damaged at an estimated loss of 320.
chief minister yogiadityanath in a statement in the assembly on tuesday said that his government has decided to provide subsidy to potato farmers for transportation of their produce to other places for better prices.
if demonetisation is beneficial for the common man, then why are the shopkeepers, farmers and labourers suffering so much, mamatabanerjee asked the crowd present at the meeting.
drip irrigation becomes critical during drought situations, because with one large tank of water, we can add the required fertilizer and water almost five acres for four days, said a ram , a chilly farm er in madukkarai.
stating that the government was floundering to account the actual energy consumed and the transmission and distribution losses, siddaramaiah said farmers continue to consume maximum power when compared to farmers of other states.
if khedut putra (son of farmer),sardar patel had become the first prime minister,this would not have happened to our farmers somehow,we took the wrong way, modi said addressing a gathering of farmers at krishi mahotsav in bharuch.
niti aayog vice-chairman arvindpanagariya niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariyaniti aayog vice-chairman arvindpanagariya today said there is a need to formulate proper policies to ensure farmers get better prices for produce and asserted that there is no question of taxing their income.
the statement of the agriculture minister that preparation of seeds is not as easy as preparing upma and idli stands testimony for the governments lack of sincerity towards the farmers, naidu said adding that the propaganda on polavaram works and cancellation of the projects taken up during the tdp regime were a loss to the farming community.
deputy commissioner n ram told reporters on thursday that government had released rs 52 crore for the district to provide compensation for the farmers in gokak, raibag, athani and ramdurg taluks who had suffered losses due to the hailstorms.
mumbai: cm devendra fadnavis told toi on tuesday that two lakh additional farmers would be beneficiaries of the state governments move to take the cutoff date for the farm loan waiver back to 2001.
karnataka was not releasing water for its own farmers, as the available storage has been reserved to meet the drinking water needs of bengaluru and other cities, siddaramaiah told the team of 20 farmers associations from tamil nadu, led by former rajya sabha mp and the leader of dmks farmers wing, kp ramalingam.
we are asking the prime minister modi to spare some money from this huge amount for providing debt relief to the farmers, he said, while asserting that it is the duty of everyone including the government of india to save the farmers from committing suicide.
on the farm loan waiver issue, gandhi said, when they were in government they waived rs 70,000 crore in loan waiver and recalled the bjp mps criticism against the same.
watch what else is making newswe are very disturbed because of the declining off-take from domestic manufacturers  regulatory overreach has created panic and strain on the fcv tobacco farmers in the country, faifa general secretary babu said in a statement.
on charges of ap copying telangana schemes, naidu said andhra pradesh achieved 11  growth in agriculture and allied sectors in the last four years whereas the overall growth of telangana stands at 0.
compensation to farmers after joint survey report: cmapril 18, 2015, gangavati (koppal dist), dhns 2:32 istcompensation to farmers for the crops they have lost to unseasonal rain in five districts of the hyderabad-karnataka region would be given once officials of agriculture and revenue departments conduct a joint survey and submit a detailed report, chief minister siddaramaiah said on friday.
speaking at a rally after participating in a padayatra with rahul from maidur to gudagur in ranebennur taluk on saturday, chief minister ram said the compensation to families of farmers who have committed suicide will be increased from rs 2 lakh to rs 5 lakh.
we will put up roadblocks on state highways for half and hour to one hour every day between december 26 and 30 in all 18 districts as part of our token protest against the manner in which farmers are being denied the msp, said madan , the president of the pradeshik krishak sabha.
by 2022 when the country would be celebrating the 75th year of its independence, the income of an indian farmer should be more than two times what he is earning now, modi said while addressing a farmers rally in bargarh town in odisha.
asked whether farmers would had to give up hopes of cultivation in the given situation in most parts of the state, park said, rainy season is like gambling.
the statement of the agriculture minister that preparation of seeds is not as easy as preparing upma and idli stands testimony for the governments lack of sincerity towards the farmers, babu said adding that the propaganda on babu works and cancellation of the projects taken up during the tdp regime were a loss to the farming community.
delivering the 38th edition of his 'mann ki baat', prime minister modi said, can our farmers take a pledge to bring down urea use by half by 2022?
zilla panchayat engineer ram said that the decision of farmers has not affected the desilting works.
you mount pressure on the government so that the farmers of bengal are not deprived of the scheme, modi told the woman.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi, who has been holding khat sabhas (cot meetings) with the farmers in the state, said on wednesday that his party will launch an agitation to force the centre to waive loans of the farmers.
expressing concern over the spate of farmer suicides across the country, modi said that the banks should be more considerate towards the debt ridden farmers.
(source: ani/twitter)as the farmers protests spread closer to bhopal on friday, three days after five were killed in police firing in mandsaur, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced that he would begin an indefinite fast on saturday, until peace is restored in the state.
in mandya alone, authorities have registered more than fifty cases, and have seized about 1,000 documents, said siddaramaiah , who is on a visit to mandya and mysore districts to comfort families of farmers who have committed suicide.
the farmers main demand was rights over forest land, and fadnavis told them the issue would be resolved within six months.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das also said a time limit for farmers to pay crop insurance premiums has been extended by 15 days.
maharashtra chief minister prithvirajchavan today said suspended work of the contentious closed water pipeline project at maval,which led to a violent protest recently,would not be recommenced till the misgivings of the affected farmers were removed.
prime minister narendramodi had recently said the new uttar pradesh government would take a decision on a loan waiver scheme for farmers of the state.
gundlupet government veterinary officer dr ram said due to drought over the past few years,the disease has spread.
this scheme has been made foolproof and will be implemented with complete transparency, modi said and asked state governments to come forward with list of farmers who would be its beneficiaries.
new delhi: vice-president naidu expressed his happiness at 15 farmers being recognised with padma awards announced on the eve of republic day saluting the efforts of these farmers in a series of tweets on saturday, naidu said, extremely delighted and happy that for the first time in india, 15 outstanding individuals who have done exceptional work in the field of agriculture and allied services are recognised, respected and honoured with padma awards.
siddaramaiah said district in-charge ministers have been directed to hold regular review of drought relief works in their respective districts.
talking about development works taken during the four and a half years long regime of prime minister narendra modi led central government, smritiirani said: under the leadership of prime minister modi, whether it is the interest of the nation, farmers or common men, every sector has witnessed remarkable improvement.
in case the farmers suffer any loss, it would be compensated by this pradhikaran, manoharlalkhattar said.
when he had taken over the reins, the dues of sugarcane farmers ran up to rs 14000 crore, which had come down to about rs 700-800 crore now due to measures taken by his government, modi said and warned the sugar mill owners against treating the farmers the way they did in the past.
later, talking to media persons, amarindersingh said the state government will compensate the farmers if the centre does not meet their demand for withdrawal of value cut on the minimum support price (msp) in the procurement of wheat due to damage to crops by unseasonal rain.
speaking at an interactive session with the members of merchants chamber of commerce and industry in kolkata on thursday, smritiirani said, nsc will supply these certified seeds to the jute farmers in the state through different central and state government agencies.
as per the constitutional provisions, the scheme of crop loan waiver for farmers should be implemented by getting the budget passed, yogiadityanath said.
the requirement of funds for the infrastructure, agriculture, horticulture, animal husbandry, women and child development, health and education sectors in the region is rs 16,000 crore, siddaramaiah said.
when i talk of development, i want to put emphasis on six things, modi said, adding that this six-point programme will ensure irrigation facilities to farmers and power connection to villages and industries.
the recent rain has only replenished our hopes of better days with enough water for the crop, said madan , a farmer in hagarigollahalli in the taluk.
but during his recent visit to the state, he did not find time to visit the families of farmers who have committed suicide, naidu told reporters in bengaluru.
whatever legal action would be taken against the offending company would take its own course but we feel the farmers should not lose out in the meantime, mamatabanerjee said.
i want to ensure it is done scientifically benefiting maximum number of farmers.
reports said farmers put up barricades to prevent supply of vegetables and milk entering cities.
in khandwa district, a 55-year old farmer jaipal singh consumed pesticide on friday.
however, ram earlier told representatives of various farmers organisations that the online system had been working effectively and helped lakhs of farmers get judicious price for their produce at apmcs.
r ram , 52, a former licensed shrimp farm owner now involved in agriculture, said it is mandatory to register a shrimp farm with the coastal aquaculture authority (caa) and ensure that the coastal regulation zone (crz) is not violated but many farmers do not abide by the regulations, creating a threat to biodiversity by using unrecommended chemical feeders and discharging untreated chemical effluents directly into the lake.
after inspecting the rain-hit areas, animal husbandry minister radhakrishnan said the department officials were instructed to provide enough fodder to the cattle and also conduct a survey on the death toll to assist the cattle farmers.
on farm loans, cm devendra fadnavis said the centre was positive about institutionalising the credit system and the state will bear its share.
smriti irani: watchful calcutta, april 14: union textiles minister smritiirani has asked the jute corporation of india and the national jute board to help increase the supply of certified jute seeds at a cheaper price to farmers in consultation with the national seeds corporation.
25pm: the government waives loans of the top 50 rich men of the country but not of the farmers, gandhi said before leaving for udaipur.
stating that five teams of bjp leaders are visiting drought-hit taluks to assess the ground reality, kumarravi said that a report would be submitted to the union government on prevailing condition in the state.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday the maharashtra government will study the uttar pradesh model of farm loan waiver, amid growing demand from across the political spectrum to help the states distressed farmers.
i myself being a son of a farmer, i empathise with you, ram said, while appealing to them not to allow their mind to be weakenedby distress.
when asked about union agriculture minsiter radha mohan singh's controversial statement that love affairs were a cause for farmers' suicide, ram said it was being misinterpreted.
raje had said, in the history of rajasthan, this is the first government that has waived off crop loans up to rs 50,000; the last two governments at the centre had waived off farm loans up to rs 10,000 only.
speaking at a rally after participating in a padayatra with rahul from maidur to gudagur in ranebennur taluk on saturday, chief minister siddaramaiah said the compensation to families of farmers who have committed suicide will be increased from rs 2 lakh to rs 5 lakh.
responding to a question, manoharlalkhattar said those who are stopping farmers from bringing their produce to markets and forcing them to throw them on roads, would be sternly dealt with.
delivering the 38th edition of his 'mann ki baat', prime minister narendramodi said, can our farmers take a pledge to bring down urea use by half by 2022?
gandhi said no one could silence the voice of farmers.
jaipur: rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje on thursday said it was first time in the history of the state that a government has waived farm loans of up to rs 50,000.
maharashtra bjp chief devendra fadnavis on sunday said the state would have a separate budget for agriculture to tackle the socio-economic problems of farmers, if the bjp-led alliance was voted to power.
modi said loan waiver of small and marginal farmers would be the first decision if the bjp came to power in the state.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das told presspersons that the rs. 21,000 crore would enable these banks to sanction and disburse crop loans to farmers through the network of primary agricultural cooperative societies.
on crop loss, ram said, the state has suffered a crop loss of rs 7,000 crore in rabi season.
on charges of ap copying telangana schemes, babu said andhra pradesh achieved 11  growth in agriculture and allied sectors in the last four years whereas the overall growth of telangana stands at 0.
government is making all out efforts to ensure that farmers get latest seeds, required electricity, do not face any problem in market access and get right prices for their produce, modi said.
he added that hed meet chairmen and senior officials of nationalised banks about farm loans in their banks to seek their feedback on loan waiver and frame guidelines accordingly.
replying to queries from the media on tuesday as to whether the governor had rejected the governments recommendation, chief minister ram in kolar said, i have not seen the letter sent by the governors office as i was in ballari to monitor drought relief work on monday.
we have to mount pressure on the government to ensure justice to farmers, babu told tdp lawmakers at a meeting at his residence.
punjab congress president amarinder singh on thursday accused the badal government of pushing the debt-ridden farmers in the state to commit suicide through its anti-farmer policies.
pointing out that 10 lakh acres of land, farmed by 2 lakh farmer families and supported by another 2 lakh agricultural labourers depended on agriculture in punjab, amarindersingh said implementation of the syl verdict would finish them all.
those opposing the bill want three conditions incorporated in it no forcible acquisition of land from farmers, mandatory social impact assessment and clarity on industrial corridor.
gorakhpur: chief minister yogiadityanath said on sunday that previous state governments ignored the development of gorakhpur and added that the farmers, too, were affected due to neglect of sugar mills in the region.
agriculture minister ram said steps are being taken to provide counseling to the aggrieved farmers.
siddaramaiah, however, said that he would try his best to incorporate some of the demands of the farmers in the budget this year.
the move was aimed at saving groundwater while ensuring that farmers also get an incentive in the form of cash for their personal use, he said.
on a trip to villages in his lambi assembly constituency last week, badal, while speaking on the amarinder singh govts debt waiver scheme during an interaction with the media, said he was willing to talk to top brass of the government for the sake of debt-ridden farmers.
later in the day, punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal said payment to farmers for their harvest would flow electronically from tuesday, and rs 4,000 crore would be disbursed with 24 hours.
modi said the scheme has been brought into effect after rectifying shortcomings in the earlier version and appealed to farmers to avail of its benefits.
the nda government's ally at the centre said modi has announced credit to a foreign country at a time when hapless farmers, who are reeling under debt from banks and private moneylenders are waiting for financial aid from government.
addressing media persons here on thursday to share his first impressions about the union budget, mr. rajender said that the centre had announced rs. 2,000 crore would be allocated for minimum support price (msp) operations for all crops but this amount should be increased if it is to truly benefit the farmers.
chief minister ram recently said the state had suffered a crop loss of rs 25,000 crore.
follow our election coverage hereon the issue of farm loan waiver, nath said: pm modi said that loans of farmers were not waived off.
fee waiver for farmers' kids in drought-hit areasdharwad, sep 22, 2013, dhns: 13:44 istchief minister siddaramaiah on sunday announced that the state government would bear the educational fees of children of farmers of drought-affected areas in the state.
cong won't allow govt to take land of farmers easily: rahulanantapur (ap), july 24, 2015, pti: 12:58 isthitting out at the nda government over the contentious land bill, congress vice president gandhi today said he would not let prime minister narendra modi take farmers' land easily.
the fund was released based on recommendations were by a high-level team of officials from the centre which visited drought-hit areas recently, union agriculture minister radhamohansingh told reporters here.
after four years in office, prime minister narendramodi has announced his intention to give farmers msps that are at least 50 per cent above the cost (a2+fl and not c2).
prime minister modi had recently said the new uttar pradesh government would take a decision on a loan waiver scheme for farmers of the state.
we have been told to launch a special drive to get those farmers who are in need to avail of the scheme.
at a workshop for party mps, modi asked them to flag the contrast between the pro-poor measures taken by the upa and his government, giving an overview of various initiatives and bold decisions taken by the bjp-led coalition for the welfare of the poor and farmers since it came to power at the centre last year.
chief minister ram , who described puttaiah as a model farmer, said, though the latter lacks education (he quit studies while in class eight), he has vast experience in agriculture.
asserting that the interests of farmers will be protected, ajitpawar , who also holds finance portfolio, said, the state government will do nothing that will adversely affect farmers in maharashtra.
according to the department of agriculture, the state has registered 600 cases of farmer suicides between january and april 2014.
(source: pti)despite the ongoing tension at the indo-pak border, the farmers in the states border-belt with pakistan would be allowed to harvest their produce at every cost, punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal said on sunday.
madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister naidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, siddaramaiah has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
the price started reducing drastically from the first week of december and it has come down to rs 100, said k ram , a farmer in sathyamangalam.
(source: pti)despite the ongoing tension at the indo-pak border, the farmers in the states border-belt with pakistan would be allowed to harvest their produce at every cost, punjab chief minister park said on sunday.
the government should give `5 lakh cash to the family of a farmer who commits suicide, a job offer, besides waving the debts, said jagmohan singh, state secretary of the bharatiya kisan union, punjab.
chandigarh: haryana cm manoharlalkhattar on friday announced that compensation of rs 12,000 per acre would be given to those farmers whose crop has been damaged due to water logging and said that it has also been decided to give compensation of rs 6000 per acre to those farmers who were unable to sow their crop due to the water logging.
the project cost worked out to rs 18 lakh, involving 150 mushroom farmers, sanjeevkumar said.
modi further said farmers of maharashtra had benefited and women got better employment opportunities in the last five years under fadnavis leadership.
at least five farmers were killed and three others injured | ptibhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan has announced a compensation of rs 1 crore each for the next of kin of five farmers who were killed during alleged police firing in mandsaur district.
finance minister arunjaitley this month said the government will spend a record amount on rural areas and farming to help double farmers income by 2022.
but india has major potential but its hard-working farmers are driven to commit suicides.
us sey unka bhi fayeda hoga (it is a political advice for arun jaitley for his own good), rahul said adding that such a budget would help farmers knows how much government has set aside for flood, drought, or to assist him with grains, vegetables.
15: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh today announced setting up of a regional centre of the national centre of organic farming (ncof), headquartered in ghaziabad, uttar pradesh, to promote organic farming.
gandhi also said if voted to power, the congress will waive farmers' loans within 10 days of forming government.
5 lakh crore loans of 15 big industrialists, why cant the loans of farmers be waived, gandhi asked.
by providing pos machines to traders, we will help farmers buy farm inputs without cash, fadnavis said.
the target for agricultural credit in 2017-18 has been fixed at a record level of rs 10 lakh crore, arunjaitley said in his budget speech.
once we are voted to power again all farmers would be covered under financial assistance scheme instead of present coverage to farmers having land holdings up to five acres, modi said.
, modi said while addressing a massive convention of farmers at devla village,about 65 km from rajkot.
after assuming power, chief minister yogiadityanath had announced loan waivers of up to rs 1 lakh relating to small and marginal farmers.
had this been in chhattisgarh, farmers would have got all the help by now and situation would have been different, ram said.
raje said in this scheme, after waiving off interest and penalty on overdue loan till september 30, 2017, of small and marginal farmers, loan up to rs 50,000 have been waived off from the remaining loan.
now, with the government extending its loan waiver scheme to all debt-ridden farmers who had taken loans between 2001 and 2016, around 60 to 67 lakh farmers are set to benefit.
pm wants 50 pc farmers to join crop insurance scheme in 2 yrsnew delhi, jan 31, 2016, (pti) 14:22 isthighlighting benefits of the just- announced crop insurance scheme, prime minister narendramodi today said awareness about it should be spread across the country so that at least 50 per cent of the farmers join it within two years.
reap crop insurance benefit: pm modibelagavi: feb 28, 2016, dhns: 1:43 istthe centre will not hesitate to spend for the welfare of farmers, said prime minister modi , as he set out to explain details of the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana at a farmers convention in belagavi on saturday.
farmers who have taken loans of amount rs 5 lakhs will now have to pay only 2 per cent interest instead 12-15 per cent, manoharlalkhattar said.
speaking at an interaction with farmers, elected representatives of the two districts and officers here on sunday, ram said farmers should exercise restraint in use of water resources as any irrigation project aimed at permanent solution would require five to 10 years for implementation.
cm warns of action against usurious lendersjuly 19, 2015, bengaluru, dhns 1:16 istmoneylenders pressuring farmers for high rates of interest and eventually driving them to suicide will be held responsible for their death, chief minister siddaramaiah said on saturday.
the badal father-son duo seems to be suffering from selective hearing and amnesia, said amarindersingh on friday, reacting to the badals allegation that he had backtracked on his farm loan waiver promise.
we are ready to render all possible support to our farmers, babu said.
commerce secretary rita a. teaotia on monday said the union commerce ministry would support goa governments policy to develop the state as a agriculture hub.
in his address to the joint session of parliament, pranabmukherjee said the government attaches paramount importance to safeguard the interest of farmers and families affected by land acquisition.
responding to clarifications from members, ram said the government will constitute an agriculture price commission soon and come to the rescue of arecanut, coconut, coffee and cotton growers in distress.
in the union budget 2018, finance minister arunjaitley announced a 100 per cent tax deduction for farmer producer companies (fpcs) for the next five years.
the cooperative banks in rural areas, where most of the farmers and daily wagers have accounts, are not permitted to exchange old currency, babu said.
this would be in addition to the rs 25,000 crore promised by the state government to mobilise resources through agriculture tax to invest in the farm sector.
the upa government had waived off rs 70,000 crore loan of farmers.
my government is firmly behind the farmers in distress in parts of maharashtra and a total of rs 7,000 crore would be spent to tackle it, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced in the assembly, replying to a debate on the biting scarcity in many of the state's 48,000 villages.
earlier, union home minister rajnathsingh told the gathering that the nda government had raised the amount of compensation to farmers who suffered due to vagaries of nature.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has recently announced that 128 kishan bazars have been set up across the state to ensure that farmers can sell their produce directly to markets in new delhi.
the lake is being renovated at a cost of rs 17 crore and on completion, about 23,000 acre of land would get irrigation facilities, manoharlalkhattar said.
while patidar is agonising about his garlic in mp, a few thousand miles away in delhi, the union agriculture ministry is busy preparing flashy booklets and nifty presentations to showcase what it will call achievements and how these would result in the realisation of one of the prime minister's many dreams - doubling farmers' incomes by 2022.
nagpur: educating students and farmers on innovations that are taking place in the world are of utmost importance as the agriculture sector is in total disarray mainly due to lack of coordination and flexibility between the central and state agencies which give advise on various issues, said s ram , former director of tata institute of social sciences, mumbai, on friday.
the low water level has also impacted the agriculture operation under the command area, ram said.
assuring the farmers about the governments focus on agriculture, pranabmukherjee said: my government has taken various steps to transform the lives of our farmers.
speaking in the state legislative assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was open to talks with the farmers body, and that it was willing to consider all the demands put forth by farmers and tribals.
puttanniah said chief minister ram had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes, but he has not bothered to safeguard the farmers interest.
bhopal: as western madhya pradesh reels under violent protest by farmers over loan waiver and better price for their produce, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan today said the state government was open for a dialogue to iron out the differences and once again appealed them to maintain peace.
niti aayog vice-chairman nagar niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariyaniti aayog vice-chairman nagar today said there is a need to formulate proper policies to ensure farmers get better prices for produce and asserted that there is no question of taxing their income.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the extension will help farmers to avail loan waiver till may 20.
on crop loss, siddaramaiah said, the state has suffered a crop loss of rs 7,000 crore in rabi season.
otherwise, the mass anger due to agrarian distress, demonetisation or rising fuel prices among others will not have led to humiliation for the bjp in the assembly polls, omarabdullah said at an event here.
dev rajpatna: chief minister nitishkumar on wednesday said the government had decided to implement the bihar rajya fasal sahayata yojna to protect farmers against the vagaries of nature as they were not benefiting from the centre's crop insurance scheme.
the cm also accused union minister harsimrat kaur badal of failing to protect punjabs and the farmers interests at the centre she did not raise her voice even though the bjp government at the centre failed to take any steps in the budget for the farming community, amarindersingh said, pointing out that the nda government had failed to implement the swaminathan report, which was the only way to help farmers boost their income and bring the agriculture sector out of the doldrums into which it had been plunged.
a revanth read , telangana tdp floor leader in the state assembly, said in his petition that several farmers in the state have been facing hardships due to supply of fake seeds.
new delhi, may 26, 2015, (pti): 18:21 istmaking a strong pitch for growth of farmers, prime minister modi today said the country cannot move forward without their progress and called for increase in crop productivity by 50 percent.
we have set up an agriculture price commission with rs.1,000 crore revolving support price fund for market intervention to ensure farmers do not suffer losses in the event of prices for their crops fall below production cost, ram said.
the dasara fest is special this year as it is being held after rain gods blessed the state with bountiful rains during the monsoon to ensure a bumper harvest to farmers and prosperity to the 60 million people of karnataka, ram told reporters on the occasion.
the state governments impetus on greater investments in the agriculture sector has resulted in generation of rs 40,000-crore income to farmers in the last one year in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
siddaramaiah said the centre has been asked to release rs 4,500 crore to state under national disaster relief fund as 139 taluks are reeling under drought.
noting that the congress always supported the struggle of farmer, siddaramaiah said that farmers in the state have been facing injustice since 1924.
ram prasad ram , secretary of the jamuna valley dairy cooperative society said the banks intervention has resulted in more income to the farmers which has motivated the producers to concentrate on cattle rearing.
ahead of the assembly elections due next month, chief minister manoharlalkhattar on monday announced waiving interest and penalty on crop loans of farmers from cooperative banks  to the tune of rs 4,750 crore  under the one-time settlement scheme.
while talking after inaugurating the new service, haryana chief minister manoharlalkhattar said that the portal would help providing agriculture related information directly and online to the farmers.
modis predecessor manmohan singh had waived farm loans worth rs 72,000 crore, ram said.
in mandya alone, authorities have registered more than fifty cases, and have seized about 1,000 documents, said ram , who is on a visit to mandya and ram districts to comfort families of farmers who have committed suicide.
speaking on the occasion, ashok chavan said the congress will fight for the farmers and push ahead with its demand to waive their crop loan.
moreover, farmers could now pay electricity bills in four installments in a year, if the amount is above rs 10,000, energy minister shrikant ram said.
citing media reports on loan waiver for farmers, modi said in karnakata, where the congress-jds coalition government is in power, only 800 farmers got mere benefits, is this a joke?
modi wants rbi to prepare 20-yr road map for fin inclusionmumbai, apr 2, 2015, (pti) 13:41 istprime minister modi today asked the reserve bank to prepare a 20-year road map for financial inclusion and nudged banks to be considerate in giving loans to the poor as also while making recoveries from them, especially farmers.
prime minister narendra modi has deceived the farmers by making false promises.
modi wants rbi to prepare 20-yr road map for fin inclusionmumbai, apr 2, 2015, (pti) 13:41 istprime minister narendramodi today asked the reserve bank to prepare a 20-year road map for financial inclusion and nudged banks to be considerate in giving loans to the poor as also while making recoveries from them, especially farmers.
clarifying on the assistance to be given to farmers affected from hailstorms and pink bollworm attack, fadnavis said the survey has been completed and actual disbursement is in process.
while 20 farmers had committed suicide during the previous ldf governments term, the udf tenure was largely free of farmer suicides, ram said.
on a days visit to odisha to participate in sabka saath sabka vikas (sssv) sammelan and other programmes organised by bjp to celebrate completion of three years by narendra modi government at the centre, ram said waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual state.
help promised to farmersaddressing the gathering on the occasion, ram said the government was celebrating the occasion with a heavy heart in the wake of the farmers suicides in the state.
farmer ram said farming has not been taken up from the last four years.
ap announces debt cut for farmershyderabad, dec 4, 2014, dhns: 1:08 istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of andhra pradesh, chief minister narachandrababunaidu announced waiver of loan not exceeding rs 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: all bihar districts would get dedicated feeders for agriculture in the next two years, deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said on wednesday.
siddaramaiah, during the meeting today, also announced that all cases against farmers during kalasa-banduri protest will be withdrawn.
(source: ap)with uncertainly prevailing over the fate of ipl matches in drought-hit maharashtra, ipl chairman shukla shukla on friday said they are committed to the welfare of the farmers and will do whatever is suggested to them.
so far, an amount of rs. 999.67 crore had been disbursed as relief to about 2.02 lakh farmers, he added.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab)chief minister devendrafadnavis said saturday the government was willing to allocate financial resources along with the centre to help 31 lakh farmers reeling under debt of rs 30,500 crore.
speaking after laying the foundation stone for the helicopter manufacturing facility of the hindustan aeronautics limited at bidarehalla kaval in gubbi taluk of tumakuru district on sunday, modi said that the country had achieved self-sufficiency in food production due to hard work of farmers and it was now time to become self sufficient in meeting defence needs.
a.c. jain , the deputy director of agriculture (information), said a total of 32 officials of the department and farmers and visitors donated blood at the camp.
the requirement of funds for the infrastructure, agriculture, horticulture, animal husbandry, women and child development, health and education sectors in the region is rs 16,000 crore, ram said.
during his poll campaign, prime minister narendramodi had said the first decision of the new up government under the bjp would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers.
the condition of farmers and agriculture at present is a result of decades of neglect by those (previous governments) who believed in shortcuts and treated the peasants as mere vote bank, modi said.
tiwari said the state government has been shaken by the constantly rising of suicides by distressed farmers.
today, i want to thank farmers of gujarat for accepting my vision of conserving water through sprinklers, drip irrigation and micro irrigation tools, which significantly brought up ground water levels, said modi.
protecting the interest of the farmers, their right to fair compensation, rehabilitation, resettlement and financial compensation has been refined, pranabmukherjee told the joint sitting of parliament on the opening day of the budget session.
press trust of india, dharwad, may 28 2017, 0:17 istthe future of agriculture in india depends on reclaiming 147 million hectares of land which has been degraded for various reasons, a s kirankumar , the chairman of indian space research organisation (isro), has said.
in order to give them some relief, we have decided to buy 28,000 tonnes of potato per month directly from the farmers for mid-day meal scheme and anganwadi centres, mamatabanerjee said.
gandhi said his party had promised loan waiver for farmers during polls in punjab and karnataka and kept its word after coming to power in the two states.
the congress party will continue to expose the failures of the modi government, ram said adding for the congress party in terms of substance, the greatest damage that modi has done to indian agriculture and to indian farmers is the amendments to the land acquisition law of 2013 and open the doors to land grab.
karnataka to clear rs 923 crore arrears to sugar cane farmersbelagavi, june 30, 2015, dhns: 2:13 istchief minister ram on tuesday announced that the state government would further absorb the dues to be paid by sugar factories to farmers for 2013-14 by releasing rs 923 crore in two installments.
at a meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the government is all set to put the entire agriculture sector on separate solar feeder to provide quality and consistent power supply to farmers in the state.
drawing an analogy between the economic acumen of indira gandhi and modi, siddaramaiah said the former took a revolutionary step to nationalise 14 banks in 1969 to enable farmers, daily-wagers and others to avail benefits of banking.
he said the loan waiver for distressed farmers should be on the scale of the upas bailout package of 2008, at todays prices.
after the meeting, ram told reporters that the veteran congress leader has asked the government to pay cash compensation to farmers in cauvery basin who have suffered crop losses due to non-release of water through the canals.
additional district magistrate ajaykumar said, we have already written to the insurance company to disburse the actual crop insurance money to the farmers.
district revenue officer ( dro ) ram told farmers while chairing the monthly farmers grievances meet here on friday.
mumbai: the state has decided to stay recovery of power bills run up by farmers given their current hardships, chief minister devendra fadnavis told the assembly on thursday.
sanjeev kumar vermasushil kumar modipatna: deputy chief minister modi on monday said weeding out middlemen from government schemes, ending dependence on kerosene lamps and enhancing farmers' income would be the three main achievements of the government in 2018.
they are focusing not so much on farmers, not so much on agriculture, gandhi said.
chief minister mamatabanerjee announced this on tuesday while speaking at a programme in kolkata, which was organised to felicitate farmers for their contribution in agriculture.
making a statement in the assembly later in the day, siddaramaiah said: it is not possible to release tamil nadus share according to the final award as our farmers very much need water during this four-month period.
gst is a once in a lifetime opportunity for the government to remove anomalies in tobacco taxation in india and bring a fair relief to the tobacco farmers without compromising on its tobacco control goals, faifa general secretary babu said in a statement.
emphasising the significance of the cooperative sector in development, chief minister devendra fadnavis said how the demonestisation drive was a leap forward to fix corruption and deliver results and dividends to hardworking farmers across rural maharashtra.
sugar minister h s ram said water resources minister m b patil would hold a meeting of sugar cane farmers and factory owners in bijapur on thursday to resolve local issues pertaining to payment of sugar cane dues.
chief minister devendra fadnavis, however, did announce a relief package of rs 10,512 crore for drought-hit farmers, a move the opposition termed a cruel joke the state had played on farmers.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh said the project would help in addressing the problem of the environmental pollution due to stubble burning besides providing additional income to farmers by helping turn the unmanageable agro-waste into raw material for producing bio fuel.
market watchers claim many farmers had stopped repaying loans soon after aicc president rahulgandhi announced plans to waive farm loans up to rs 2 lakh in 10 days after coming to power in madhya pradesh.
chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on monday claimed that nearly rs 30,000 crore reached farmers bank accounts in the last one year.
he allegedly asked them to buy 57 hectares from farmers and other villagers and sell it to the agency at an inflated price, ram said.
smaller plots are more expensive to cultivate and small farmers have higher consumption patterns, according to economists.
25pm: the government waives loans of the top 50 rich men of the country but not of the farmers, rahulgandhi said before leaving for udaipur.
though the ordinance is lapsing, 13 of its points, meant to provide direct financial benefit to farmers, are being brought under the rules effective from sunday so farmers do not face financial loss, said modi.
we have set up an agriculture price commission with rs.1,000 crore revolving support price fund for market intervention to ensure farmers do not suffer losses in the event of prices for their crops fall below production cost, siddaramaiah said.
in your idea,money does not grow on trees,but in our idea money is grown by farmers in their fields, modi said.
(source: ani photo) rahul gandhi said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
1: chief minister mamatabanerjee today said farmers in singur would get back their land within 12 weeks as ordered by the supreme court and added that the plots that would be handed back would be cultivable.
what they have done in the name of loan waiver for farmers will go down in history as one of the most cruel jokes on farmers, modi had said at a rally recently.
pm wants 50 pc farmers to join crop insurance scheme in 2 yrsnew delhi, jan 31, 2016, (pti) 14:22 isthighlighting benefits of the just- announced crop insurance scheme, prime minister modi today said awareness about it should be spread across the country so that at least 50 per cent of the farmers join it within two years.
works under the jalyukt shivar-aimed at a drought proof maharashtra would have to be completed in these districts before june 15.
in this situation, the centre will have to step in to help the farmers, said siddaramaiah.
regulatory overreach has created panic and strain on the fcv tobacco farmers in the country, faifa general secretary babu said in a statement.
the new capital region will be just 18km from the krishna riverfront and the farmers who part with their fertile land in this region will benefit immensely, babu said, trying to allay their fears.
bjp leader n ram , a member of the legislative council, says the telangana government precipitated the agrarian crisis by advising farmers to sow red gram and chilli instead of cotton.
in his closing remarks at the meet, modi also said that corporate investment in agriculture is very low in india and urged the state governments to formulate policies to promote industry participation in the farm sector.
800 farmer suicides in state: cmbengaluru, nov 19, 2015, dhns: 1:00 istchief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday said as many as 800 farmers had committed suicide in karnataka.
lucknow: chief minister yogiadityanath on monday announced that the uttar pradesh government would not impose any new tax on public in the ongoing financial year, despite financial burden of farmer loan waiver and plan to expedite other infrastructure projects.
you just count for 10 days our government will come up with policy to waive farmer debt, said gandhi.
state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar on wednesday said the revenue deficit of over rs. 15,000 crore in the 2018-19 maharashtra budget is a result of the farm loan waiver scheme and other expenditure in the agriculture sector.
but for realising the slogan of 'jai jawan, jai kisan', the plight of farmers should also be addressed, badal said.
on the pm-kisan scheme, under which rs 6,000 per annum are transferred to the accounts of farmers who have less than five acres of land, modi said after the lok sabha polls, the five-acre condition would be removed, and more cultivators would be covered.
almost two years after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced rs 34,000-crore farm loan waiver, district central cooperative banks (dccbs) seem to have benefited more than the nationalised banks under the scheme.
modi said that the pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana would offer credit cards, which could be used to offset any crisis and eventually help in preventing suicides among farmers and other poor sections.
with over 100 farmers committing suicide in karnataka for the past one month due to agriculture-related crises, we want to know what steps the congress-ruled state has taken to mitigate the problem, ram told deccan herald.
soil samples collected from different lands and test reports would be made available to farmers that would guide them for taking remedial measures to change crop pattern, fertilsiers and other measures, modi said and called young innovators to invent systems that would help the farmers test soil on their land.
after beginning his speech in yavatmal in the local banjara dialect, paying tributes to the communitys saints like sevalal and speaking for a while in marathi, modi said his government had worked tirelessly for farmers and pointed to the rs6,000 that his government would place annually directly in their bank accounts as income support and the sum of rs3,000 offered to workers in the unorganised sector as pension.
instead of waiting for the unions move to waive off farm loans, siddaramaiah should announce the states decision.
state bjp president pralhad ram said a delegation of party mps would meet chief minister ram in new delhi on tuesday to discuss the issue of compensation to farmers.
interacting with the iit students, amarindersingh said he has directed the state administration to make their boarding and lodging arrangements at the punjab bhawan and kisan bhawan in chandigarh till the time institute is closed.
while appreciating the fellow countrymen on the ways in which demonetisation has shaped, pm modi in his speech said the following:the government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop, central bank.
to this, modi said these problems were being faced by sugarcane farmers across the country and the union government is a taking a number of steps to address them.
sharing india's experiences in meeting common challenges such as uplifting farmers and the poor, financial access and building infrastructure, modi said paying subsidies directly had helped his government save over $4 billion dollars in cooking gas.
chairing a district-level drought review meeting here on tuesday, ram asked the officials to work on a war footing to ensure proper drinking water supply, availability of fodder, increased number of man days under mgnreg scheme and proper healthcare in affected areas.
the bjp-led government at the centre has been meting out step-motherly treatment to punjabs farmers in a bid to undermine the congress government in the state, said amarindersingh , citing the centres decision to divert gunny bags to haryana and imposition of value cut on msp for the wheat procured under the relaxed specifications in the state during the rabi season in 2019-20.
justifying free power to farmers,deputy chief minister sukhbirsinghbadal said that most of the states do it to provide support to farmers.
notably, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said in december last year that the bjp-led state government succeeded in curbing the farmers suicides by nearly 40 per cent in the worst-affected yavatmal district of vidarbha with the help of baliraja chetna abhiyan.
the families of the farmers (who were killed in mandsaur last year) will get justice in 10 days and we will take action against those responsible for the firing, says the congress president.
making drought-proofing a priority area, arunjaitley said as many as 28.
speaking at the programme, ram said banks have been strictly told not to serve notices on farmers, demanding repayment of loans till the region receives a good spell of rains and yield.
stating that the government has already made representation to the centre for setting up a corpus fund for crop failure compensation, chief minister vijayrupani said that for the year 2019, the state government has purchased crop insurance for rs 12,000 crore sum insured.
over and above msp, we have decided to give a bonus of rs 425 per quintal for pulses and rs 100-200 per quintal for oilseeds, agriculture minister radhamohansingh told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
successive crop failure and expenditure on health, marriages and other social ceremonies are major reasons for indebtedness of farmers in the country, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said during question hour.
jain said: the farmers will be provided with an online soil health card.
in his message, ram said the state hit by monsoon failure and drought will be blessed with a good north east monsoon that will raise the hopes for rabi crops.
state failed to utilise grants from centre, say bjp leaderstarikere, oct 05, 2015, dhns 23:48 iststate bjp president pralhad ram said the yediyurappa government had sanctioned upto rs 2 lakh interest-free loans for farmers and the ram government has just raised the limit to rs 3 lakh and there is no question of interest here.
terming providing water for irrigation as a major thrust area of the bjp government, modi said pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana is a major step in this direction, which has helped farmers considerably.
on a days visit to odisha to participate in sabka saath sabka vikas (sssv) sammelan and other programmes organised by bjp to celebrate completion of three years by narendra modi government at the centre, naidu said waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual state.
(source: pti photo)exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology, prime minister narendramodi on monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when india would celebrate 75 years of independence.
promising to clear the dues of sugarcane farmers within 14 days, yogiadityanath announced five-six new sugar mills will be opened in the state over the next six months.
uninterrupted power to farmers in two years: piyush goyalpatna, nov 15, 2014, (ians): 17:38 istthe narendra modi government will provide uninterrupted electricity through dedicated feeders to farmers across india in the next two years, union power minister piyushgoyal said saturday.
lawyer-turned-organic farmer and founder of the green path, h r ram said: the festival enables farmers to sell their produce directly to consumers.
noting that the congress always supported the struggle of farmer, ram said that farmers in the state have been facing injustice since 1924.
'defence food lab should work for farmers'mysuru, may 8, 2016, dhns: 23:57 istunion defence minister manoharparrikar on sunday said he has directed the defence food research laboratory (dfrl) authorities to utilise their technical skills for the benefit of local farmers and producers to increase their economic status.
lets resolve that by 2022 we will no longer have to import pulses i have been telling our universities our agricultural universities should take up each variety of pulses how to do research in it, how to do genetic engineering in it, how to increase productivity, how to increase protein content so that farmers get good prices, modi said.
it is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods, siddaramaiah said.
tamil culture minister k pandiarajan , representing the aiadmk, justified the rs 71,000 crore spent annually for such schemes, saying initiatives like free cycles for girls had even won praise from the world bank, while manuraj ram (dmk) said provision of subsidized rice copped flak but after implementation actually liberated agriculture.
modi said the congress promised to waive farmers' loans in karnataka, but instead of doing so, issued warrants against peasants and sent them to jail.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavischief minister devendra fadnavis on saturday stressed that fresh crop loans for the ensuing kharif season should be handed over to farmers on a mission mode to ensure that most small and marginal farmers find a place in the institutional credit mechanism.
the government should give rs 5 lakh cash to the family of a farmer who commits suicide, a job offer, besides waving the debts, said jagmohan singh, state secretary of the bharatiya kisan union, punjab.
by ptijaipur: rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje today announced a rs 8,000-crore loan waiver for farmers, rs 650 crore tax relief and rs 44,135 crore expenditure on social and community schemes in the budget for 2018-19 presented in the assembly today.
(file)chief minister manoharlalkhattar today said land in the state will not be acquired without the consent of farmers and rates prescribed for acquisition will be paid to them without any delay.
when poor farmers of villages have started adopting digital payment, now they (middlemen) have started spreading new rumours, modi said.
i have no money, said ram , a farmer from the karur district in tamil nadu, who has been protesting at jantar mantar for over three weeks now.
beyond that as the central government, i have nothing to say, arunjaitley told reporters when asked if the centre will help states on the issue of farm loan waivers.
prime minister modi said, the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run india but to create a new india, adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last five-years during which the youth, women, farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes.
once the report comes in, we will take measures to compensate farmers, nitishkumar said.
sena chief uddhav thackeray told his legislators to continue to press for the demand, and not let the house function till such a time that the state government, of which it is a component, gives in to it and announces a loan waiver.
it has not given funds for drinking water and fodder, which we had sought, ram said, adding that the state would spend any amount of money to meet the requirements of drinking water and fodder during drought.
siddaramaiah said that yeddyurappa has double standards when it comes to farmers issue.
(express photo/janak rathod)agitating farmers called off their stir on monday after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government has accepted most of the demands of the farmers.
we dont want an india where only a handful get everything, fly in aeroplanes and travel in big cars and our farmers are turned into labourers, rahul said.
unless we do that, farmers will not gain much needed confidence, said kishore tiwari of vidarbha jan andolan samiti (vjas), who was recently roped in by the state government to head a mission to reduce farm distress.
on the moves to amend the land acquisition act passed in 2013 during the upa rule, modi again said rumours were being circulated that compensation to farmers is being reduced.
sanjeev kumar vermasushil kumar modipatna: deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi on monday said weeding out middlemen from government schemes, ending dependence on kerosene lamps and enhancing farmers' income would be the three main achievements of the government in 2018.
comparing the pm-kisan to the congress' minimum income guarantee scheme, nyay, gandhi said: on the other hand, the congress has announced that it will give rs 6,000 per month to the poor households (if voted to power).
consequently, fiis remains sellers in the market while active diis are keeping the overall environment positive, says vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services ltd.brokers said investors turned cautious and preferred to lighten their positions, particularly in banking sector stocks following the waiver of farm loans by punjab.
before ending his 28-hour-long fast, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on sunday announced a series of measures for farmers, including declaring purchase of farm produce below the minimum support a criminal act.
the chief minister said despite repeated pleas by punjab and other state governments, the central government has failed to come to the farming communitys rescue.
agriculture minister radhamohansingh said that about 113 lakh hectares of rabi crop have been destroyed due to unseasonal rains.
2.34pm: narendra modi has betrayed farmers.
the state government has issued a clear target to the financial institutions to ensure allocation of agriculture loans and credit disbursement is also enhanced to arrest the dependence of over 70 per cent of the farming community on private money lenders.
government ready to include ragi, jowar under pdsbangalore, july 10, 2013, dhns: 1:52 istthe state government is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers are willing to grow more of these crops and sell them to it, chief minister siddaramaiah said on wednesday.
addressing a rally in up's ghazipur on saturday, modi had said loan waivers were a lollipop and accused congress of cheating farmers through doles that benefited only 800 farmers.
repeated loan waivers by various state governments distort credit pricing, thereby also disrupting the credit market, former rbi governor ram had said.
this story is from december 12, 2018picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: a year after the incident of firing in mandsaur leading to death of six farmers, the congress president gandhi in june this year announced that the farmers loan would be waived within 10 days if his party comes to power in madhya pradesh.
earlier on monday, finance minister arunjaitley had said the centre would not fund for loan waivers for farmers, adding that the states must fund for this on their own expense.
have faith in the son who hails froma farmer's family, said siddaramaiah , as he came under fire from the opposition bjp and jds who have launched anall out offensive against him for allegedly neglecting farmers and having visited the house of even a single victim.
naidu asked the congress to behave in a more mature and responsible manner to help restore normalcy in the hotbed of the farmers protest, instead of fanning sentiments.
apparently referring to the demands for debt relief by the farmers, naidu said loan waiver depends upon financial condition of the state governments.
chief minister devendra fadnavis said the decision was historic as the farmers who could not benefit from the loan waiver given by the previous government in 2008-09 have been incorporated in the waiver announced by the present government.
the banks have not bothered to inform farmers about the amount credited to their accounts as part of the waiver benefits, fadnavis said during the meeting of the state level bankers committee (slbc), which represents all types of banks, at sahyadri guesthouse in mumbai.
all-party delegation to be taken to delhi to resolve sugar cane issuebelagavi: july 1, 2015, dhns 1:10 istthe state government will pay the sugar cane farmers after auctioning the sugar stock seized from the factories, chief minister siddaramaiah has said.
pti photothe odisha govenrment will explore the proposal to waive agricultural loans of farmers in the state, chief minister naveenpatnaik said on wednesday.
admitting that it was not enough, amarindersingh said total farm loan was rs 60,000 crore and punjab cannot pay this much.
(source: express photo by rana simranjit singh)punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal on saturday said people need to understand that the state government does have its limitations when dealing with certain issues, particularly those related to farmers.
while rs 58,862 crore was for crop loan, rs 27,973 crore was given for agriculture term loan.
they expressed solidarity with protesting farmers of the state and also unfolded a roadmap for farmers debt waiver plan if congress comes to power.
guwahati: prime minister modi on friday announced a food processing scheme, sampada to integrate current and new schemes aimed at reducing food wastage and doubling farmers income.
responding to a question on the police firing on farmers in madhya pradesh, naidu said the problem being faced by farmers now has not been created overnight.
with the help of other farmers, i managed to rescue her but she had been injured severely by then, gandhi said.
in his memorandum to the team, ram said 119 human lives has been lost since april 2013 and 11,536 houses damaged; 1,33,572 hectare agriculture crops damaged at an estimated loss of 320.
quota for farmers' children in agri varsitymysore, feb 24, 2014, dhns: 0:39 istchief minister siddaramaiah on monday announced that 40 per cent of seats in agricultural universities in the state will be reserved for farmers children.
reiterating his partys promise to waive off farmers loans if voted to power, gandhi said, let our government assume power in mp.
addressing a farmers rally on the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana in the western odisha town of bargarh, modi said there has been a storm of protests ever since he became prime minister.
quota for farmers' children in agri varsitymysore, feb 24, 2014, dhns: 0:39 istchief minister ram on monday announced that 40 per cent of seats in agricultural universities in the state will be reserved for farmers children.
crop sown not getting insurance is being taken up, ram said during zero hour, adding crop insurance coverage is being increased.
there are 25,000 villages, out of the total 40,000 villages in maharashtra, which are drought hit.
criticising congress poll promise of farm loan waiver as a trick to deceive the people, modi said such schemes had failed to help farmers in the long run.
a sincere attempt will be made to provide water to standing crops of our farmers, siddaramaiah said.
in september 2014, modi had asked multinational cola giants pepsico and coca-cola to help indian farmers in increasing their fruit sales by adding fresh fruit juices to their fizzy drinks.
this year the state has implemented mega agricultural debt, waiver and debt relief scheme to benefit around 6 million farmers but as the state has no direct control over functioning psu banks, it failed to give timely and sufficient credit to needy and debt rapped farmers, said tiwari.
in a bid to tackle drought effectively, the maharashtra government has planned to link its water conservation projects with environmental preservation.
kau vice-chancellor r babu said, the proposal to establish a caast for knowledge and skill development on coconut-based secondary agriculture has been approved by the icar.
on a day's visit to participate in the sabka saath sabka vikas (sssv) sammelan and other programmes organised by the bjp to mark three years of the narendra modi government at the centre, naidu said the waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual states.
(pti file photo, file) madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister naidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
wondering how the commission can ignore karnataka which has been facing severe drought for the past several years, ram said even smaller states like haryana have received more allocation than karnataka.
file picturenew delhi: union agriculture minister radha mohan singh on saturday termed the two-day-old farmer agitation a publicity stunt, prompting accusations of insensitivity and of insulting the farmers.
speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the university of agricultural sciences, bangalore, siddaramaiah said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce.
it is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods, ram said.
opposition leader ram ram said the cabinet should take a decision on it without passing the ball to the kerala state farmers debt relief commission.
puliyur a nagar , president of tmc farmers wing, said, farmers are burdened with debts and some have taken extreme decisions resulting.
in a recent letter to the prime minister, siddaramaiah said his government is willing to consider waiving 50  of farm loans extended by co-operative banks if the centre accepts his request.
bhopal: facing heat over farmers' agitation, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan today said he will sit on a fast tomorrow at the dussehra maidan in the state capital and hear the grievances of the cultivators.
terming it as his scheme aimed at increasing productivity, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said the farmers will be paid rs 200 bonus on every quintal they sold to the government in the last rabi season.
we managed to stop it from spreading to paliem, said cashew farmer ram however, farmers are not sure about the arambol site, where the fire was still raging.
though the house has already discussed the issue of unseasonal rains and hailstorm destroying standing crops, the government was ready to have another debate on the plight of the farmers, naidu said.
sources said it will not be practically possible to write off the entire loan amount, but siddaramaiah may announce a partial loan waiver, thus offering some relief to small and marginal farmers, reeling under severe drought.
p kumarravi , another curry leaf farmer from madhanur, said half of his six-acre plantation has wilted.
pm modi told global leaders in attendance at cop 14 how india has 'soil cards' to help the farmers understand the health of the soil.
in its state budget on july 5, janata dal (secular)-congress coalition government had announced a loan waiver of rs 34,000 crore, which jumped to rs 40,000 crore after the state last week decided to waive all crop loans of rs 1 lakh in cooperative banks availed till july 10, 2018.
bengaluru: , sep 12, 2015, dhns: 1:27 istkarnataka has sought an additional rs 800 crore from the centre under the national and state disaster response fundndrf and sdrfas the drought situation has worsened, said chief minister siddaramaiah on friday.
speaking to reporters in bengaluru on thursday, ram said though the procurement centres have been opened since december 23, there has not been much response from the farmers as the minimum support price (msp) has been fixed at rs 1,100 per quintal, when compared to rs 1,300 per quintal, last season.
bangalore, july 25, 2013, dhns: 23:32 istchief minister ram on thursday announced the formation of a cabinet sub-committee to suggest amendments to the forest dwellers (recognition of forest rights) act, 2006, to protect the interests of farmers who have been cultivating in forest land for many years.
in gujarat alone, it cost the farmers financial loss up to rs 7,000 crore.
in four days, the price crashed from rs 100 per kg to rs 65 per kg, said s ram , a farmer from maharajapuram near tirukkattupalli.
the ministers have been told to tour all talukas and find out whether the steps taken and government schemes being implemented were reaching the farmers and whether the villagers had any grievances to make, he said.
addressing farmers in the state through all india radio from bengaluru, siddaramaiah said it had come to the fore that the dramatic rise in farmer suicides in the last few days was due to their exploitation by mercenary moneylenders charging high rates of interest.
modi said the bridge would open new road for the high- quality ginger grown by farmers of the region and improve their economic condition.
we have to mount pressure on the government to ensure justice to farmers, naidu told tdp lawmakers at a meeting at his residence.
modi also said that soil health cards were given to 14 crore farmers in the country, including 1.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, ram has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
i live for the farmers, modi said as he appealed to the agriculture community to make ample use of the crop insurance scheme as it will help them during the time of crisis.
puttanniah said chief minister siddaramaiah had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes, but he has not bothered to safeguard the farmers interest.
stating that the government is working to strengthen agri-marketing in a big way, modi said the efforts are being made to link rural mandis to apmc wholesale markets to global market to enhance farmers income.
at almost every campaign rally in madhya pradesh, bjp leader shivrajsinghchouhan asks the audience if there are any beneficiaries of the congress governments farm loan waiver scheme and the crowd usually responds with a resounding no.
addressing the convention organised by the bharatiya janata party at the angadi institute of technology and management, modi said farmers who are not able to cultivate lands due to dry spells during the sowing season would also get insurance cover.
however, keeping the drought in view, siddaramaiah has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to aadhaar till april 30.
the decision was also evaluated by the j-pal south asia and the world bank following the announcement of the project, chief minister capt amarindersingh had claimed that the project would encourage farmers to save power and water and would also help in crop diversification and result in accurate energy accounting and curbing wasteful consumption.
28 crore in 2015-16 benefiting 2,00,947 farmers, naidu said, adding that rs 415.
he hit out at union minister harsimrat kaur badal, accusing her of failing to protect the interest of punjab farmers despite being a part of the centre.
during the deliberations, the chief minister informed the delegation, led by the chairman of punjab mandi board ajmer singh lakhowal, that the state government has already released funds worth rs 80 crore to ensure free crop loan of farmers upto rs 50000.
launching pradhan mantri kisan maan dhan yojana, prime minister modi said that every farmer will get rs 3,000 per month after attaining the age of 60 and the scheme will ensure benefit to over 5 crore small and marginal farmers across the country.
may these festivals bring abundance of happiness and prosperity in the lives of our hardworking farmers, modi said.
rahul gandhi said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
even as the increased provisions for infrastructure, railways, roads, ports and agriculture to double the farmers income in the last five years is praiseworthy, ram said yet the expectations of corporate sector, industry and trading bodies were not fully met.
by september 30, 2018, my government will go cashless, manoharparrikar said while speaking at a seminar organised by nabard (national bank for agriculture and rural development) at a function here.
the centres new notification imposing restrictions on cattle trade will cause an enormous financial burden on farmers, thereby further contributing to the agrarian crisis, karnataka chief minister ram has said in a letter to prime minister narendra modi.
meanwhile, ram on sunday told reporters in mysuru that he is waiting for union governments stand to take a decision of farm loan waiver.
the alternative source of livelihood such as dairy, fisheries or poultry farming is being worked region wise to ensure farmers can survive even if their crops fail.
the decision has helped to get rid of exploitation of farmers by private money lenders, fadnavis said on sunday.
(source: ani photo)condemning the violence in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh where farmers are protesting over loan waiver and better price for their produce, home minister rajnathsingh on thursday said, the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man.
barwani / khargone: former chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on tuesday said kamal nath government cheated farmers in loan waiver scheme and now it will do the same through nyay.
misuse of relief amountearlier in the day, speaking to reporters at the mysore airport at mandakalli in mysuru, siddaramaiah said on friday that there was no question of protecting any tainted persons over embezzlement of relief amount meant for farmers for land acquired from them.
after a series of protests in maharashtra last year over the low procurement price of milk, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced a subsidy of rs 5 per litre for dairy farmers.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , even before he met a delegation of the left-affiliated all india kisan sabha (aiks) that led an estimated 40,000 farmers on a 180-km march from nashik to mumbai, told the vidhan sabha that the state government was sensitive and positive to the demands of the farmers, many of them tribals.
on claims that names of many farmers have not figured in waiver lists, amarindersingh said names of only those had not been figured in the lists where some anomalies in names were there and the farmers should approach authorities concerned for corrections and waiver would be provided to the deserving farmers.
you just count for 10 days  our government will come up with policy to waive farmer debt, said gandhi.
addressing a rally on friday in ganj basoda, gandhi said modi has failed to fulfil his promise of giving jobs to two crore youths and ensuring remunerative prices to farmers for their produce.
farmers' suicide; cm ram to lead all party delegation to pmhubballi(karna), aug 5, 2015, (pti) 16:53 istkarnataka chief minister ram today said he will lead an all party delegation to the prime minister to seek more relief funds in the wake of farmer suicides, unseasonal rains and drought like situation in certain parts of the state.
komul aims to double productionshidlaghatta, apr 3, 2012, dhns: 2:04 istkolar-chikkaballapur milk union has ensured that dividends reach the farmers directly through its transparent administration, said dr m n ram , the managing director of the karnataka milk federation on tuesday.
addressing a farmers rally at raigaon village in kadegaon taluka of sangli district, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, overall, our budgetary allocations for the agriculture sector has gone up many folds.
meanwhile, siddaramaiah on sunday told reporters in mysuru that he is waiting for union governments stand to take a decision of farm loan waiver.
on the cooperative departments appeal to the government to expedite the loan waiver, amarindersingh said the commission set up by his government to ascertain the quantum of farm loans in the state and to work out the modalities for their waiver would soon come out with its recommendations in thematter.
urging the farmers to partner with the state in generation of power, modi said, farmers can install solar panels on their farm borders.
prof ram said the government should have allocated a large sum for agriculture as it is going through a serious crisis.
sources said it will not be practically possible to write off the entire loan amount, but ram may announce a partial loan waiver, thus offering some relief to small and marginal farmers, reeling under severe drought.
apologising for not visiting families of those farmers who have ended their lives, owing to the ongoing legislative session, siddaramaiah said he would do so once the session concluded.
hailing farmers, modi said lakhs of them from across india came together, gave their tools, parts of their land in order to build the statue.
kumaraswamy also said he would call a meeting of representatives of nationalised banks in 2-3 days and seek information about farm loans extended by them.
parkash singh badal said that the current provisions of the act were archaic and needed immediate amendments in the larger interests of the farmers.
karnataka to clear rs 923 crore arrears to sugar cane farmersbelagavi, june 30, 2015, dhns: 2:13 istchief minister siddaramaiah on tuesday announced that the state government would further absorb the dues to be paid by sugar factories to farmers for 2013-14 by releasing rs 923 crore in two installments.
to obviate any confusion on the subject, i categorically state that the central government has no plan to impose any tax on agriculture income, arunjaitley said in a statement.
45 crore allotted to operationalise the horticulture mission last year, union agriculture minister radhamohansingh said on september 2 and hoped the state would use the entire amount received from the centre this year.
no differences between cong, jd(s): dy cmtaking a cue from kerala, the cm said he would ask small and marginal farmers to submit documents related to their debts to the deputy commissioners in their districts.
bhopal: chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on saturday announced major sops for farmers, including an export agency to help them sell their produce outside the country and bonus of rs 100 per quintal for gram, lentil and mustard in addition to msp .
help promised to farmersaddressing the gathering on the occasion, siddaramaiah said the government was celebrating the occasion with a heavy heart in the wake of the farmers suicides in the state.
however, s r ram , president of sulur neervalam payanpaduthuvor sangam , a farmers association in the area, said they had been drawing water from the lake for the past three years with the due permission from the public works department officials.
chief minister devendra fadnavis sanctioned rs 2.5 lakh for his medical treatment, but the farmer had already passed away at a private hospital in gadchirolis chandgaon village by then.
the enhanced fund limit by nabard for district central cooperative banks will be passed on to the primary agricultural cooperative societies and they will get activated and will meet the crop loan requirement of the farmers for rabi season, said das.
modi said that several measures have been taken for the farmers and poor and counted that the poor are getting better treatment under the aayushman bharat scheme and getting medicines at cheap rates.
tiwari said the large number of farmers suicides are basically due to the continuous drought of past three-four years.
responding to the opposition parties, commerce and industry minister ram said the government was seized of the problems being faced by drought-hit farmers in tamil nadu and that finance minister arun jaitley, agriculture minister radha mohan singh and water resources minister ram bharti have already met delegations from the state.
elaborating on his fate line comment, modi said the tunnel will greatly benefit the people of kashmir, particularly the farmers who would suffer losses because their produce like fruits and vegetables would perish due to prolonging of their journeys from the valley to other parts of the country.
agriculture patna: deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said the centre should extend its full economic co-operation to the state to achieve the goal of a second green revolution.
in madhya pradesh, where five farmers were shot dead by police during a protest on june 6, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said purchasing farm produce at rates lower than the minimum support price (msp) will be treated as a crime.
nagaon deputy commissioner babu said the initial drought-like situation pushed the administration to move dispur for timely initiative to safeguard the interest farmers and the government pledged to do so.
the credit for this goes to every worker of the congress party, who under rahul's active guidance, carried out a sustained agitation, gandhi said, hailing the leadership of the congress vice president to the cause of farmers.
sources said that modi could also announce a host of welfare schemes for the farmers at the rally, which comes two days before former prime minister chaudhary charan singh's birth anniversary.
siddaramaiah said he will soon write a letter to prime minister narendra modi, urging him to waive at least 50  of farm loans taken from various nationalised banks in view of the severe drought in karnataka.
the state governments have to do nothing but just make a list of all the deserving farmers with full honesty, and send the list to us, said modi.
after finance minister sudhir muntangiwar presented the budget, chief minister devendrafadnavis told mediapersons, the budget reiterates governments commitment to accord highest priority to welfare schemes for upliftment of farmers, poverty alleviation and generating employment for youths.
modi, who has set a target of doubling farmers income by 2022, said work was underway on reforming the agriculture market.
modi said on ambedkar jayanti on april 14 he would launch national agriculture market e-platform for farmers enabling them to know market price of their produce through mobile phones.
reiterating the decision to hike milk procurement price for farmers by re 1 from existing rs 4 to rs 5 per litre of milk, siddaramaiah said the new price will come into effect from december 10.
b'five days after a congress delegation led by aicc general secretary rahul gandhi met the prime minister demanding loan waiver for weavers,union finance minister pranabmukherjee announced a rs 3,000 crore allocation for the weavers cooperative societies on monday.
rahul will visit kin of peasants who ended lives: siddaramaiahbengaluru, july 25, 2015, dhns: 0:58 istcongress vice president rahul gandhi will soon visit karnataka again for two days to meet some of the family members of farmers who committed suicide recently, chief minister ram said on friday.
responding to a question on the police firing on farmers in madhya pradesh, ram said the problem being faced by farmers now has not been created overnight.
punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal (file photo)punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal on monday announced a grant of rs 10 crore as compensation to farmers whose cotton crops were extensively damaged due to the whitefly menace.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh said, when farmers, who feed the nation, are forced to take to streets to draw attention to their pitiable condition, then it does not augur well for the country.
both the governments used to pay rs 400 crore each as insurance premium for kharif and rabi crops, but the farmers were getting compensation worth only rs 150 crore, nitishkumar said.
on his way to haveri, siddaramaiah told mediapersons at the airport here on thursday that only 20 per cent of farmers have borrowed from cooperative sector, while 80 per cent of loans are from the nationalised banks.
speaking at the programme, siddaramaiah said banks have been strictly told not to serve notices on farmers, demanding repayment of loans till the region receives a good spell of rains and yield.
when a minister entrusted with the welfare of the farmers cannot relate to their problems and is absolutely indifferent to their plight, one can well imagine which way the country is headed, amarinder singh said.
the commission set up to ascertain the farm debt quantum and to work out modalities for its waiver was expected to come out with its report soon, to pave the way for total waiver of the farmers loans, to which he was personally committed, amarindersingh said.
hinting at the rapport between prime minister narendra modi and fadnavis, pawar wondered how difficult it could be to extract funds from the centre for the farmers.
however, considering the financial burden on farmers, the government wants to ease these norms for one season.
responding to a question from s r vishwanath (bjp), ram said farmers, from whom 1,810 acres had been acquired for the project, would be given an option of either financial compensation or sites.
bhopal: before ending his 28-hour-long fast, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan today announced a series of measures for farmers, including declaring purchase of farm produce below the minimum support a criminal act.
likewise, badal also asked him to issue tubewell connections for farmers having land near the border fence on the top priority.
when a minister entrusted with the welfare of the farmers cannot relate to their problems and is absolutely indifferent to their plight, one can well imagine which way the country is headed, amarindersingh said.
environment minister ram said, if the centre can promise loan waiver for farmers in uttar pradesh if voted to power, why cant they do the same in maharashtra.
to overcome the problem, modi has asked scientists to work closely with farmers to introduce high-yielding crop varieties.
agri credit raised to record rs 10 lakh cr in fy18new delhi, feb 1, 2017, (pti) 12:19 istin a major thrust to agriculture, finance minister arunjaitley today announced a whopping rs 1 lakh crore hike in the credit target for the next fiscal to rs 10 lakh crore as part of the government's efforts to double farm incomes in the next five years.
repeated loan waivers by various state governments distort credit pricing, thereby also disrupting the credit market, former rbi governor raghuramrajan had said.
ap announces debt cut for farmershyderabad, dec 4, 2014, dhns: 1:08 istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of andhra pradesh, chief minister nara naidu announced waiver of loan not exceeding rs 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013.
speaking about the farm crisis,naidu said the bjp will protect farmers and ensure that they can sell their agriculture produce anywhere in india.
they are urging prosperous farmers to undertake hydroponic experiments and help bridge the gap in supply of fodder in their respective villages.
let centre also waive farm loans, cm sayshubballi, oct 02, 2015, dhns: 0:35 ista day after the state government announced waiver of interest on farmers medium- and long-term loans borrowed from co-operative banks, chief minister siddaramaiah asked bjp leaders to pressure the union government to waive farmers loans borrowed from the nationalised banks, or, at least the interest.
a sincere attempt will be made to provide water to standing crops of our farmers, ram said.
it has not given funds for drinking water and fodder, which we had sought, siddaramaiah said, adding that the state would spend any amount of money to meet the requirements of drinking water and fodder during drought.
(source: pti photo)exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology, prime minister modi on monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when india would celebrate 75 years of independence.
gandhi also told the government that if it helped the farmers by extending compensation, it will benefit it politically and not to us.
this year has turned out to be the year of highest number of farmer suicides.
congress vice-president gandhi said on wednesday the uttar pradesh governments decision to waive off crop loans of up to rs 1 lakh of small and marginal farmers in the state is a partial relief but a step in the right direction.
we may not be in power at the centre or in the state, but we will launch an agitation to force the government to concede to our demand of waiving farmers loans, rahul said, while addressing farmers in kushinagar and gorakhpur districts.
uttar pradesh, telangana and andhra pradesh have announced loan waivers on their own and maharashtra will have to follow the same, ram told reporters.
congress did kursi-bhakti (power-worship) whereas we are engaged in krishi-bhakti (agriculture-worship), modi said at a farmers rally at limkheda,dahod district.
chief minister siddaramaiah said 80  of farmers had availed loans from commercial banks which come under the jurisdiction of the centre.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on saturday announced the setting up of commission which would assess the input cost of agriculture produce, and said he was pained to see the violence in the state during the farmers agitation.
however, a complete loan waiver in maharashtra would require rs 24,000 crore, sources indicated.
however, the badals, with their selective memory, had conveniently forgotten about this fact while accusing me of cheating the farmers on the debt waiver issue, amarindersingh said, adding that the akali leaders should check out the facts before making such unsubstantiated statements.
reiterating the decision to hike milk procurement price for farmers by re 1 from existing rs 4 to rs 5 per litre of milk, ram said the new price will come into effect from december 10.
punjab chief minister park (file photo)punjab chief minister park on monday announced a grant of rs 10 crore as compensation to farmers whose cotton crops were extensively damaged due to the whitefly menace.
when the members pressed for waiving of farm loans, ram said farmers have availed rs 10,000 crore from co-operative banks and rs 35,000 crore from commercial banks.
by ptinew delhi: the leaders of all opposition parties stand united with farmers in ensuring their good future, congress president gandhi said on friday and called for a farm loan waiver.
ap announces debt cut for farmershyderabad, dec 4, 2014, dhns: 1:08 istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of andhra pradesh, chief minister nara babu announced waiver of loan not exceeding rs 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013.
siddaramaiah said 139 taluks in the state have been suffering from drought and the loss is estimated at rs 16,000 crore.
after the meeting, siddaramaiah told reporters that the veteran congress leader has asked the government to pay cash compensation to farmers in cauvery basin who have suffered crop losses due to non-release of water through the canals.
to boost bamboo cultivation and sustainable supply, the forest development corporation of maharashtra (fdcm) is also planning to take up tissue culture bamboo plantation on turnkey or sharing basis with private partners for supplying biomass of bamboo for industrial uses like production of ethanol, bio cng etcwe are even ready to help as service providers to interested farmers and parties with minimum 25 acres of commercial plantation project, said n babu , managing director of fdcm.
the farmers are suffering as a result of the central government's failure to waive their debts, which many state governments, including punjab, have sought, amarindersingh said.
badal said that the massive hike in the cost of agricultural inputs coupled with the non-remunerative msp has broken the backbone of the farmers due to which there was dire need for adopting crop diversification in state.
madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister m.venkaiahnaidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
the mounting farm debts was making the agriculture in punjab increasingly unsustainable, endangering not only the food security of the nation but also the social fabric of this sensitive border state, said amarindersingh , citing the pioneering role of punjab in the production of foodgrain and thereby in national food security.
his observation is in contrast with its alliance partner congress demand for a complete loan waiver.
we will fix the msp of crops incorporating 50  profit in farmers cost of production including seed, irrigation, manure, and labour, modi had said at a rally in pathankot on april 25, 2014.
congress member ram said that the agriculture credit policy was faulty as farmers were not getting the benefit of loans from the cooperative sector, with some crops not being covered by them.
punjab is closely following the footsteps of uttar pradesh, where chief minister yogiadityanath announced a waiver of loans to farmers soon after taking charge.
according to the punjab police, farmers allegedly forced the closure of vegetable mandi in ferozpur and in bathinda, farmers owing allegiance to bhartiya kisan union stopped some vehicles carrying milk.
bangalore, july 25, 2013, dhns: 23:32 istchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday announced the formation of a cabinet sub-committee to suggest amendments to the forest dwellers (recognition of forest rights) act, 2006, to protect the interests of farmers who have been cultivating in forest land for many years.
misuse of relief amountearlier in the day, speaking to reporters at the ram airport at mandakalli in mysuru, ram said on friday that there was no question of protecting any tainted persons over embezzlement of relief amount meant for farmers for land acquired from them.
modi said the new tunnel would not only help farmers in the region take their produce to the capital in less time and avoid weather disruptions, but would potentially double tourism in the state.
singh: action timenew delhi, march 7: prime minister manmohansingh today asked a group of ministers to review the cotton export ban following protests by farmers and complaints from agriculture minister sharad pawar, who said he was kept in the dark about the decision.
speaking to dh, farmer leader sunanda ram said, give us water, or give us compensation for crop loss.
siddaramaiah said that the government would increase the compensation from rs 1 lakh to rs 5 lakh to the families of farmers who committed suicide in the state.
speaking about the enormous hike in price of fertilisers, gandhi told the large number of farmers present in the rally that the bjp was always opposed to foreign direct investment for the interest of small traders in the country.
chief minister siddaramaiah , who described puttaiah as a model farmer, said, though the latter lacks education (he quit studies while in class eight), he has vast experience in agriculture.
notwithstanding the causes that lead to such incidents, my government is determined to make farmers self-reliant through drastic policy changes in coming years.
the schemes announced on friday will have impact on at least 12 crore families of small farmers, pm modi claimed.
after a survey of crop loss and amid mounting criticism from the congress and resentment shown by the farmers, chief minister park announced a rs 600 crore relief for cotton growers.
union home minister rajnathsingh on friday asked indias voters to throw the bjp out of power if the government fails to double farmers income by 2022, a statement which came amid a violent agitation by agriculturists in madhya pradesh.
he said the farmers in karnataka would take to the streets if their government decided to discharge water for tamil nadu, ram told express.
making a statement in the assembly later in the day, ram said: it is not possible to release tamil nadus share according to the final award as our farmers very much need water during this four-month period.
ncps sharad pawar asked the centre to chip in with more help and waive short-term loans, particularly crop loan and the interest on loans for purchase of agriculture equipment.
addressing a gathering after distributing farm-debt waiver certificates at his ancestral village, mehraj, amarindersingh said influential politicians and officials would also be taken to task if they were found involved in cases of sacrilege and police firing the arrest of the former ssp turned into a talking point at the event.
crippled with debts, farmers could not repay the crop loans this season owing to crop failure and are apprehensive that they would not get fresh loans in the ensuing kharif season.
modi said only 14 per cent farmers got the benefit of the crop insurance scheme for farmers in up because akhilesh does not feel it is any work.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday his government was willing to discuss the farmers issue with anyone provided they do not have a political agenda as they continued their protests even after he announced a farm loan waiver for small and marginal farmers in the state.
siddaramaiah also said that the prime minister promised him to study the proposal on granting fund and take immediate steps to release rs 723 crore for disbursal among farmers who have suffered crop loss during the rabi season.
uttar pradesh, telangana and andhra pradesh have announced loan waivers on their own and maharashtra will have to follow the same, naidu told reporters.
ruing failure of congress to provide crop insurance to the gujarat farmers in the face of bad monsoon last year,modi asked whether money for the crop insurance had met the same fate as 2g spectrum and coal reserves.
modi said, the number of farmers suicides in vidarbha alone surpasses the total number of soldiers killed in the battlefield.
addressing a public rally in valsad district of gujarat, gandhi also claimed that the modi government refused to waive farmers' loans but wrote off rs 3.
speaking to reporters at the kpcc office, state congress president g ram said vested interests had unnecessarily created confusion on the issue of giving a cheque to family members of a farmer who committed suicide.
meanwhile, in an effort to cool tempers, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced more sops for the farmers.
4: prime minister manmohansingh today asked states to waive local taxes, including octroi, as well as reform the outdated agriculture produce marketing committee act, or mandi act, to help control a runaway food inflation.
in a bid to ensure that all farmers get the minimum support price, arunjaitley said the states would be encouraged to take up decentralised procurement, undertaking online procurement of food grains through the food corporation of india and making arrangements for procurement of pulses, an area that has been in the domain of private traders so far.
agriculture minister radhamohansingh said the rains and hailstorm altogether affected 94 lakh hectares of crop area across 14 states over the last three months.
recently, chief minister devendrafadnavis had told the state assembly that at least 86 hectare of land and 82 lakh farmers in 151 talukas and 20 revenue circles were affected by drought this year, which means at least 60 per cent of farmers have been hit by drought.
in case of rail transportation, the subsidy would be 50 paise per kg of potatoes and re one for a kg if it was shipped abroad, mamatabanerjee said adding these measures would help farmers to avoid distress sale.
the loan waiver will affect government-owned and cooperative banks.
underlining the vision of doubling the income of farmers by 2022, the 75th independence of the country, modi said, from this land of uttar pradesh, i urge all the states to give priority to agriculture and then see the changes.
to ensure farmers get credit at lower rate, the chief minister said that the government should raise the subsidy from 2 per cent to 3 per cent on crop loans for cooperatives.
fee waiver for farmers' kids in drought-hit areasdharwad, sep 22, 2013, dhns: 13:44 istchief minister ram on sunday announced that the state government would bear the educational fees of children of farmers of drought-affected areas in the state.
earlier, interacting with farmers across the country through videoconference, modi told a woman who also runs self-help groups in bengals south 24-paragans to mount pressure on the mamata banerjee government to submit a list of small and marginal farmers.
not selling produce will bring losses to farmers.
with the number of farmers dwindling, time has come that experts in the field introspect and find reasons why the situation has come to such a passe, ram said in his presidential address at the inauguration of a two-day national agriculture conclave (nac) at a city hotel.
however, keeping the drought in view, ram has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to aadhaar till april 30.
28 crore in 2015-16 benefiting 2,00,947 farmers, babu said, adding that rs 415.
these interest-free loans were extended by banks to sugar mills as additional working capital specifically for clearance of cane price arrears of previous seasons and timely settlement of cane price to farmers for that years sugar season.
the cultivation of vegetables has now become an attractive work, said park , who also cultivates flowers in small beds on his agriculture land and had also received a district-level award in 2013-14 for the same.
referring to isros feat, modi said scientists had brought laurels to the nation and felt that the launch will be of great help in mapping of resources, evaluating development and help farmers.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh on saturday said he is committed to farm loan waiver and his government would soon find ways and means to bail out the debt-ridden farmers-- with or without the centres aid.
earlier, a rift developed among agitators as a group of farmers decided to call off the protest after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a partial loan waiver for small and marginal farmers on june 3.
elaborating on the ownership of the farmers, ram said, starting from a princely rule and followed by elected governments, the farmers have been granted both revenue and forest documents related to land holdings for tilling the same.
bhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan (pti photo) bhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan (pti photo)in the wake of escalating farmers agitation, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan has said he will sit on a fast on saturday in order to bring about peace and that he will hear grievances of the agitated farmers, who have been protesting since june 1 demanding loan waiver and better prices for the farm produce, among other things.
some farmers were taken into custody, said bathinda police station officer iqbal singh.
inaugurating a three-day international conference on organic bihar, nitishkumar said: to achieve sustainable agriculture growth, organic farming has to be expanded.
picture by saikat santra kharagpur, april 3: bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee today announced a waiver of agricultural land tax that is expected to cost the government rs 200 crore in revenues annually and advised the centre to follow the example to write off farm loans.
addressing farmers in the state through all india radio from bengaluru, ram said it had come to the fore that the dramatic rise in farmer suicides in the last few days was due to their exploitation by mercenary moneylenders charging high rates of interest.
read| if elected, congress will waive off loans of chhattisgarh farmers: rahul gandhiaccusing singh of indulging in corruption, gandhi claimed that rs 5,000 crore had vanished in the chit fund scam.
fortunately, union finance minister arun jaitley has said that the centre will not extend any further assistance for farm loan waiver which would have otherwise been hugely inflationary while bringing down the economys already sluggish growth rate.
farmers in the malaprabha river basin are losing patience since the dispute has been referred to a tribunal which could take a long time to deliver its final order, siddaramaiah said.
nagpur: in a veiled warning to the opposition, chief minister devendra fadnavis on sunday said his government would expose all wrongdoings made in their tenure of 15 years, due to which the farmers were committing suicides.
on a day's visit to participate in the sabka saath sabka vikas (sssv) sammelan and other programmes organised by the bjp to mark three years of the narendra modi government at the centre, ram said the waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual states.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis announced a rs 30,000 crore loan waiver  the biggest such write-off in the states history.
while enlisting the measures taken by his government for the welfare of the farmers, a combative modi told the gathering, you would have seen in the recent past, there is attack on me all the time.
referring to gandhis loan waiver promise, a lady, avisha rokde, asked why not give good price so that question of loan waiver doesnt arise at all, gandhi said, if farmers are in distress, waiver is the immediate step that needs to be taken.
skeptical about up farm loan waiveron the uttar pradesh government waiving farm loans, benefiting 86 lakh farmers, siddaramaiah said he does not know if the centre had chipped in.
while claiming that total investments in agriculture sector would in his tenure of five years (2014-2019) would surpass the past records of 50 years, fadnavis said, rs 34,000 crore loan waiver to 89 lakh farmers would reach the truly deserving and genuine individuals.
chief minister siddaramaiah , while replying to a debate on the issue in the assembly, said the arecanut farmers need not panic following the ban.
observing that the agriculture sector would do better than expected, babu said, the monsoon has been better and the manufacturing growth will pick up in the second half of the year.
pm modi said he believes the only way to provide relief to distressed farmers is through a successful and effective crop insurance scheme.
about the steps taken by government to protect farmers like setting up of enforcement cells at district level to keep a check on private money lenders and repayment of dues to sugarcane farmers, ram said government is planning to constitute an expert committee.
continuing his drive to directly connect with the beneficiaries of his governments pet schemes, prime minister modi today said he will on june 20 speak to farmers on issues concerning them and the agriculture sector.
this is what prime minister narendramodi said here today while addressing a conference of agriculture ministers of states here.
they don't have money for farmers' loan waiver but they can waive loans of india's 15 richest industrialists, gandhi said.
regarding scrapping criminal cases pending against the farmers for staging demonstration to press for their various demands, ram said he would take the decision after reviewing the cases.
with the maharashtra government set to expand the scope of its farm loan waiver scheme ahead of the state polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis told that the legislative assembly thursday that this could cost the state exchequer an additional rs 8,000 crore.
farmers in karnataka have hugely benefited from the scheme, says pm.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on sunday announced loans for farmers and their wards under an entrepreneurship scheme, in his maiden talk show, dil se, akin to prime minsiter narendra modis monthly radio address, mann ki baat.
to boost bamboo cultivation and sustainable supply, the forest development corporation of maharashtra (fdcm) is also planning to take up tissue culture bamboo plantation on turnkey or sharing basis with private partners for supplying biomass of bamboo for industrial uses like production of ethanol, bio cng etcwe are even ready to help as service providers to interested farmers and parties with minimum 25 acres of commercial plantation project, said n ram , managing director of fdcm.
whether it is the ration of the poor of the country, and of poor farmers, or deals relating to defence of the country, whoever has taken commission, their numbers are coming down one after other, modi said.
raje said earlier farmers used to get insurance of rs 50,000 on death or permanent disability under raj sahakar personal insurance scheme, which now has been increased to rs 10 lakh.
last updated: 11 december, 2011kolar/chikkaballapur, december 11, dhns: 23:53 iststrategy meet: in search of permanent solutions for water scarcity in districtssinking borewells would not be a permanent solutions for perennial water crisis in the districts of kolar and chikkaballapur, said dr ram , professor at the university of agriculture science, bangalore.
siddaramaiah said the districts of belagavi, dharwad and gadag were facing severe drought and groundwater has been depleted.
read | amid complaints, up cm yogi orders framing of anti-romeo guidelinesfarmer loan waiverat his first cabinet meeting, yogiadityanath said the state government would waive loans of rs 36,359 crore taken by about 94 lakh small and marginal farmers uttar pradesh.
about 33 lakh farmers have obtained farm loans worth rs 42,000cr from nationalised banks and 23 lakh farmers have drawn loans worth rs10,500cr through co-operative banks in the state, ram said.
singh said while farmers were resorting to extreme steps out of sheer desperation and the masses were reeling under the impact of the spiralling prices of essentials, mr. radha mohan singh clearly had no qualms on showing his lack of sensitivity to their problems.
on may 30, kumaraswamy said he needed 15 days to come out with a plan to implement a loan waiver.
from seed to market, give all facilities to the farmers, modi said.
asked about farmers converging in delhi to press their demands, gandhi said such freedom does not exist in countries such as russia, china or saudi arabia.
the prices of the cattle have also shot up, said nagar , a farmer from devanahalli taluk.
reap crop insurance benefit: pm modibelagavi: feb 28, 2016, dhns: 1:43 istthe centre will not hesitate to spend for the welfare of farmers, said prime minister narendramodi , as he set out to explain details of the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana at a farmers convention in belagavi on saturday.
congress vice-president rahulgandhi said on wednesday the uttar pradesh governments decision to waive off crop loans of up to rs 1 lakh of small and marginal farmers in the state is a partial relief but a step in the right direction.
@incindia has always supported loan waivers for farmers in distress (sic), gandhi said in a series of tweets.
if the company is not purchasing more land in other villages, farmers cannot start an agitation and stop the project, said ram of ramgarh village.
farmers will be able to sell their produce directly to factories.
finance minister arunjaitley may announce several measures to revamp farm infrastructure and support farmers as the national democratic alliance government seeks to win over this politically important section of society before crucial state elections next month, a top official familiar with the matter said.
the farmers are suffering as a result of the central governments failure to waive their debts, which many state governments, including punjab, had been repeatedly seeking, and also to give them the due price for their produce, he said, reiterating his demand for implementation of the swaminathan commission report.
various studies undertaken to understand the extent of farm debt in punjab had found that farm labourers were one of the most badly-hit class and should be considered for suitable relief in any loan waiver scheme, amarindersingh said and criticised opposition parties and some kisan unions for spreading false propaganda on the issues faced by farmers.
chief minister devendra fadnavis has warned district cooperative banks and other financial institutions of stern action if they turn down eligible loan requests of farmers ahead of the kharif season.
though the house has already discussed the issue of unseasonal rains and hailstorm destroying standing crops, the government was ready to have another debate on the plight of the farmers, ram said.
vishal srivastav rahul gandhi gets a farmer to sign a kisan mangpatra in unnao on thursday.
speaking at the csir's platinum jubilee, modi said that he looks forward to csir making an important contribution to the current governments mandate of doubling the income of the farmers income by 2022, the year the country celebrates 75 years of its independence.
i have also launched an initiative to double farmers incomes by 2022, modi said.
talking to toi from yavatmal after a crop review meeting, tiwari said psu banks have reached barely 7% of their crop loan target in the district.
responding to a question from s r vishwanath (bjp), siddaramaiah said farmers, from whom 1,810 acres had been acquired for the project, would be given an option of either financial compensation or sites.
but many of the committee members are politically motivated and acting in their own interest rather than pursuing the interests of the farmers, ram told reporters in nashik.
jai park said the farmers, already reeling from the lower price, feel cheated by the government for not offering adequate compensation for the land.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo) west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo)west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said the centre must announce a farm loan waiver across the country and claimed that the farmers were in distress due to demonetisation.
yogi yogiadityanath (source: file photo) yogiadityanath (source: file photo)uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath has said that exploitation of farmers will not be tolerated, and officials, who ignore their interests, will not be spared.
kishore tiwari, chairman of vasantrao shetkari swavalamban mission, said this is because despite waiver, banks have still not started disbursing fresh credit to the farmers leaving them fund starved.
prime minister modi has asked the top officials to move fast to approach the aiib for loans for some of the flagship projects of his government, particularly in agriculture, rural housing and railway sectors.
by ianspalamau: in an obvious attack on the congress, prime minister modi on saturday said that he preferred to complete the pending irrigation projects to empower farmers instead of waiving their loans.
bikaner: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh today said 'the pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojna (pmksy)' will help deal with the menace of drought as more area will be covered under the irrigation scheme.
however, as many as 14 farmers of the village ended their lives because of crop failures and debts.
the developments come a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver for farmers before october 31, which will benefit 1.
urging the members to help the country move forward and help double the farmers' income by 2020, modi said, i am not an economist like dr manmohan singh.
later in the day, ending his road show in the old city, rahul told a gathering that economists have told him that the schemes like mgnrega and loan waiver had helped the overall economy of the country and not just the farmers.
neeraj jain,conveynor,lokayat,pune,said contract farming is paving way for the government to pull out of its traditional role and give way to corporatisation of agriculture.
on his way to haveri, ram told mediapersons at the airport here on thursday that only 20 per cent of farmers have borrowed from cooperative sector, while 80 per cent of loans are from the nationalised banks.
pointing out that karnataka was witnessing one of its worst droughts in the last 46 years, siddaramaiah said the state government had sought rs 4,702 crore from the centre for drought relief works.
by iansjaipur: the time has come to usher in another green revolution and the congress will do it if comes to power after the lok sabha polls, congress president rahulgandhi said at a farmers' outreach here on wednesday.
speaking to reporters in bengaluru, siddaramaiah said that rahul would visit the houses of farmers who ended their lives due to debt in mandya district on october 9.
at a rally in east midnapore yesterday, mamatabanerjee told the gathering, largely constituting farmers, that fdi and fertiliser price hikes would ruin them and leave them landless.
while ram told reporters that the memorandum submitted by the state, asking for a financial assistance of rs 11,492 crore, has little to do with drought and more to do with structural programmes, pawar said that karnataka stood at a far comfortable position than what has been projected by shettar.
earlier, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath had announced crop loan write-offs of not more than rs 1 lakh, costing the exchequer almost rs 36,000 crore.
making a suo moto statement today in lok sabha on the trade pact clinched at the wto meeting at geneva last night, commerce minister ram said besides accepting its concerns on public stockholding, the deal by the 160-member body allows india to continue with its policy to provide minimum support price to farmers.
the loan waiver was given to only 800 farmers, modi had claimed.
we have procured crops of rs 8,900 crore at the minimum support price (msp) and will disburse rs 80,000 crore worth interest-free crop loans to the farmer by the end of this year, which will be highest in the country, she said.
we have left with no other option except to go for agitation, said ram , one of the farmers.
in all the other rallies, gandhi said employment among youth and financial crisis among farmers were the two biggest challenges before the state and the country.
chief minister ram had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes, but he has not bothered to safeguard the interest of farmers.
