on why the council has decided on multiple gst rates, arunjaitley said one rate would be highly regressive as hawai chappal and bmw cannot be taxed at the same rate.
about states disagreeing and joining the second wave of gst reform, chidambaram said that even when upa had implemented vat, some had not joined initially and they had joined later, and so eventually all states will fall in line.
in a statement, its president n. jegatheesan and senior president s. rethinavelu said that the trade and industry was apprehensive that when the gst was introduced under single country, single market, single tax principle, the revenue neutral rate might be fixed by individual states at a higher scale.
everyone is trying to understand what to do with the stock they bought before the gst came into effect, mr. goyal said.
share this article related article government opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money billgovernment opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money bill the lpg puzzlethe lpg puzzle aadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie pointsaadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie points hope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arun jaitleyhope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arunjaitley aadhaar bill introduced in lok sabhaaadhaar bill introduced in lok sabha aadhaar gets statutory status; centre to bring bill in two dayswhile wrapping up the debate, arunjaitley said that except for some questions with regard to privacy and disclosure of information which have been raised, most speakers have actually supported the bill.
congress leader rahulgandhi had also tweeted government says 99 per cent of goods will be at 18 per cent gst.
on the goods and services tax (gst), modi asked the states to make legislative arrangements without delay for the rollout of the indirect tax regime from july 1.
since the banking industry will also be liable to pay the goods and services tax (gst), in the afternoon session the bankers will meet revenue secretary hasmukh adhia and other officials of certain departments of governments, arunjaitley said.
many will question how deep an impact the gst will have on the economy in the near- and long-term, firms seem convinced that prospects will brighten as the new tax regime becomes clearer," said de lima.
economic affairs secretary subhashchandragarg said demonetisation and gst reflect long-term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms.
about gst implementation, shailesh patwari, president of the gcci, said, "the government has been addressing all our queries ever since gst was implemented.
the government is planning a system to save kudumbasree units from the possible fallout of the implementation of goods and services tax (gst), finance minister t.m. thomas isaac has said.
ajith athrady, dh news service, new delhi, may 20 2017, 15:43 istthe goods and services tax (gst) will help improve india's export growth, commerce minister nirmalasitharaman said here on saturday.
since the rate of cess shall be such so as to maintain the pre-gst tax incidence on such goods therefore there may not be much difference in total tax incidence (tax plus cess) on these goods between the pre-gst and post-gst regime, shukla said.
we hope the gst council clarify this soon and till such time, we suggest the jewellers make do with a simple delivery challan ," said b t manohar, chairman of taxation committee, federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industries.
making the announcement, delhi chief minister arvindkejriwal said, since independence, vips  politicians and officers have been provided free electricity and water from taxpayers money.
former finance minister and congress leader p chidambaram former finance minister and congress leader p chidambaramthe proposed multiple rate gst structure will be disastrous and nothing more than same old vat rates in a new shape, former finance minister p chidambaram said on monday.
prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on thursday asked his party mps to expose the lies and disinformation campaign of the opposition over the governments stand on obcs and the gst legislation by studying the facts and creating the right awareness about them.
finance minister etala rajender, announcing the breakthrough in the talks about goods and services tax (gst) with union finance minister arun jaitley, said that those goods attracting tax between nine per cent and 15 per cent would be now taxed at 12 per cent in telangana.
during the debate, chief minister vasundhararaje said rajasthan is a consumer state and the common man stands to benefit from the gst, which will provide relief from price rise.
the current buoyancy in the market is led by positive cues such as gst, state elections and fii inflows," vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services, said.
in remarks apparently aimed at former reserve bank governor raghuram rajan, who friday blamed the goods and services tax roll-out along with demonetisation for lower gdp growth, arunjaitley said the economy recovered fast from the limited disruptionist impact of the tax reform.
new delhi: th e centre will share the draft model gst law with the states tomorrow as it prepares for the rollout of goods and services tax (gst) from april 1 next year, cbec chairman najib shah said today.
i have already asked the state chief secretary to send a strong letter to the union finance ministry elaborating on our objections to accepting the gst in its present form, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said at a district-level meeting in her state.
this loss will, however, be compensated by the government of india from the fund created under the goods and services tax (compensation to states) act, 2017, yanamala told the house.
talking about gst, patwari said, "as far as industry issues are concerned, at least for six months our focus will remain on the goods and services tax (gst) due from july 1.
former finance minister p ram , who had set the red lines outlined by the congress, said the congress was yet to receive any official copy of the revised formulations from the government on the gst bill.
tokyo, press trust of india may 8 2017, 12:01 istthe goods and services tax (gst) is on schedule for implementation fromjuly 1and will not lead to any significant increase in prices of goods although cost of some services may see a marginal hike, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
(pti)new delhi: prime minister modi today said the consensus on goods and services tax (gst) reflects the spirit of 'one nation, one aspiration, one determination'.
while taking a number of questions on gst, rahulgandhi told the audience that the very structure of gst is flawed.
tax collection in the state is expected to touch 20% with the introduction of goods and services tax (gst) regime from july 1, finance minister t.m. thomas isaac has said.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said the goods and service tax (gst) has stabilised in a very short time that provides an opportunity to widen its base and further rationalise the rates in the future.
finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said that the goods and services tax (gst) council has cleared the draft compensation law -- one of the four enabling laws under the gst constitutional amendment.
some major reasons for the growth could be reconciliations by businesses of outward and inward supplies, intelligent data analytics, related tax leakage detections and consequent gst payment by businesses, abhishek jain , tax partner, ey india, said.
visiting surat as part of the ongoing campaign of the narendra modi-led nda government to celebrate four years the bjp rule, smritiirani said that the textile businessmen facing issues with refund under integrated goods and services tax (igst) would be heard at special camps being organised by the finance ministry.
finance minister arunjaitley , however, said that gst compliance will be further simplified to increase the tax base.
clarifying that economic legislation is not about bjp versus all, arunjaitley said it would be very good if the constitutional amendment bill to roll out gst is passed by consensus.
earlier this week, prime minister narendramodi had said 99 per cent of goods and services will be brought in the 18-per-cent or less gst slabs and the highest slab restricted to just a few select luxury and sin goods.
commerce secretary rita teaotia said the two main export promotion schemes - merchandise exports from india scheme (meis) and services exports from india scheme (seis) - will continue post gst implementation but would be aligned with the new indirect tax regime.
drabu said all necessary safeguards to section-5 of the j&k state constitution and those enshrined in article-370 of the indian constitution have been incorporated in the presidential order regarding which apprehensions were expressed by some legislators during the discussion on the gst legislation.
jairam ram (congress) said no one government can take credit for gst and quoted a conversation between lord krishna and arjuna: die following your religion than following that of the other.
demonetisation was a bad idea implemented badly and gst was a good idea implemented badly, shashitharoor said.
and across the states, we find an urge now, that they want to get out of the rigmarole and see brighter ways, ram said, adding that the roll out of the gst, aadhar platform and mobile connectivity were creating conditions for inclusive growth.
the gst council has reduced tax rates of 66 items as against representations received for 133 items, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters here after the 16th meeting of the gst council.
on the introduction of goods and services tax (gst), captain abhimanyu said almost all states had agreed on the issue after the union government had assured them that no state would have to bear any loss as result of the gst implementation.
replying to congress mla from palwal karan singh dalal, the finance minister assured the house that gst will benefit all.
b'during the debate, chief minister vasundhararaje said rajasthan is a consumer state and the common man stands to benefit from the gst, which will provide relief from price rise.
vinod nair, head of research, geojit bnp paribas financial services ltd, said, market tumbled as investors are concerned over the final lap of us political battle and higher tax burden from gst.
the gst is beneficial for the poor people of the states represented by them, because those states will economically benefit the most from gst, modi said.
why would we want to hike taxes and earn brickbats when gst is likely to be implemented across the country soon ?
finance minister arunjaitley said the capping of cess was done at a higher rate only to give the goods and services tax council more headroom in the future if there was a need to increase them.
commerce and industry minister ram today said amercian phone-maker apples demand for tax incentives to set up a manufacturing unit in the country will have be looked at after the goods and services tax (gst) is rolled out.
today, the gst system has been established to a large extent and we are working towards a position where 99  items will attract the sub-18  gst slab, modi said at an event in mumbai on tuesday.
prime minister modi (pti /file photo) prime minister modi (pti /file photo)with still two months left till the goods and services tax (gst) roll out, prime minister modi on sunday said consensus on the new tax regime will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism.
b t manohar, chairman, taxation committee, federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industry, said every tax invoice should provide details about central gst (which will be levied by the cental government) and karnataka gst (which will be levied by state government).
it is now connecting india to the world, ram said adding that the summit will be a golden opportunity for global investors to understand key recent policy reforms like the goods and services tax and the measures being taken in the country to boost economic growth.
capt abhimanyu said the officers of the state excise and taxation department and the tax research unit had identified some other dealers involved in gst-related fraudulent activities.
(file photo) p chidambaram said, before the economy could recover from demonitisation, we had this great gst.
raising voice against the proposal to exclude state authorities to adjudicate cases if any issue related to import or export of goods or services are involved is also contested under integrated gst act, yanamala said that the state authorities have been administering cst act, 1956 and assessing the genuineness of exports as it involves refund of taxes paid at input stage.
commerce and industry minister nirmalasitharaman today said amercian phone-maker apples demand for tax incentives to set up a manufacturing unit in the country will have be looked at after the goods and services tax (gst) is rolled out.
the meeting also saw trinamool congress pushing for the passage of the gst bill, naidu said.
finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the meeting that the gst exemption limit for the northeastern states is being doubled to rs 20 lakh.
to provide legal back up, karnataka unanimously passed the gst bill 2017.
finance minister yanamala ramakrishnudu on saturday said the central and state governments gave up their exclusive rights under the federal structure to impose taxes on various commodities, to pave the way for the goods and services tax (gst), a structure that helped several countries achieve higher growth rates.
prime minister modi said the gst will come to fruition on monday, when the bill is expected to be tabled again in the lok sabha to discuss the amendments made by the rajya sabha.
the gst council has given an option to the states to look into the sgst component and the state governments can take decision whether to levy or exempt it, depending on the priority of the sector," said b t manohar, taxation committee chairman at federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industries (fkcci).
new delhi: pinning hopes on quick resolution of the difficult issue of tax jurisdiction with states, finance minister arunjaitley today said that goods and services tax regime will be rolled out from april next year.
b.t. manohar, chairman, state taxes committee, fkcci, says: gst will certainly bring down prices and check inflation.
expressing thanks to all the members, nitishkumar said bihar has been in favour of gst from the beginning.
b'india is committed to taking hard and difficult decisions in the long-term interest of the economy,prime minister manmohansingh said today,while assuring japanese industry that the long-awaited goods and services tax (gst) regime facing hurdles from states will be in place in an appropriate type by 2014.
sushil modi , who as finance minister of bihar during nda rule, had headed empowered committee on gst during upa rule, said the gst would do away with multiplicity of tax rates.
we believe in gst and have favoured it since the beginning; it is for the welfare of the state and the country, nitishkumar said after the meeting.
meanwhile, addressing mlas on the premises of the delhi assembly on the gst, chief economic advisor ram said he completely agreed on the principle of bringing liquor and land under the gst and all states should come together to make it happen.
unless the government sets up an effective mechanism for refund, the new rules will be seen draconian, said b t manohar, chairman of states taxation committee of fkcci and member of karnataka state gst advisory committee.
still, the best overall performance of the economy was recorded since october 2016, endorsing the standpoint that the economy is recovering from the implementation of the twin shocks of demonetisation and gst, dodhia said.
we will make a forceful argument again on june 30 at the final gst council meeting before its roll out and make our case for 35 items we already represented to the council about," finance minister eatela rajender told toi on wednesday.
dh news service, new delhi, jun 4 2017, 1:19 istgovt confident of july 1 gst rolloutgold and silver will be taxed at 3  under the goods and services tax regime, finance ministry arunjaitley announced after a meeting of the gst council on saturday.
rajeev dimri, leader, indirect tax, bmr and associates llp, said, "gst bills as passed by lok sabha should provide enough material to india inc to start implementing gst for the business".
as per the new circular, mohan said "all rectifications can be made in the same month's gstr-3b and gstr -1".
on relief measures for the middle class, arunjaitley said that in the last five years, not a single tax has been increased, gst has been brought down on most commodities, and income tax relief has been provided.
talking about gst and demonetisation, gandhi claimed: due to gst and demonetisation, small and medium businesses have been destroyed.
we would certainly like a good, constructive and positive gst bill to be passed in the interest of the nation, but not a bill with the kind of flaws that the nda version of the bill has, congress leader shashitharoor told ani.
(source-express photo/nirmal harindran)with petrol ruling at 55-month high and diesel at record levels, andhra pradesh chief minister n babu has asked central government to cut excise duty on the fuels to ease the burden on people.
naidu said gst would revolutionise the taxation system and increase the revenue by 1.
addressing a seminar on gst conducted as part of the diamond jubilee celebrations of the assembly for mlas by the institute of parliamentary studies and the gulati institute for finance and taxation here on monday, dr. isaac said the state government had raised the demand at the gst council meeting.
but the gst council has further pruned 12 more items, modi said.
asked whether the central gst and the integrated gst bills would come up before parliament during the winter session, arunjaitley said, that is the effort.
september data painted an encouraging picture as the sector continued to recover from the disruptions caused by the introduction of the gst in july," said aashna dodhia, economist at ihs markit and author of the report".
flight of foreign funds from equity and weakness in inr continue to alert investors as the short term benefit from gst is likely to be disruptive," vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services ltd said.
by express news servicenew delhi: days after prime minister modi announced that gst on 99 per cent of goods and services would be brought under the tax bracket of 18 per cent or lower, the gst council on saturday decided to slash indirect tax on two dozen items.
similarly, haryana finance minister captain abhimanyu said the gst council needed to ensure that there is no increase in the price of farm goods, which have been exempted from the new levy.
rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) december 20, 2018indicating that further simplification of the goods and services tax is on the anvil,prime minister narendra modi had tuesday said his government wants to ensure that '99 per cent things' attract sub-18 per cent gst slab.
emphasizing that the gst bill is in the larger interest of the country, naidu said, "we have a wider support and we have enough numbers for gst but we would like to have all parties on board because it will have an effect on states".
the constitution 122nd constitutional amendment bill was passed by the parliament on august 8, marking a historic step for tax reforms which prime minister modi said was 'crucial' for ending tax terrorism besides reducing corruption and black money while making the consumer 'king'.
i have personally written to every chief minister saying that till such time that the gst stabilises itself, we must not consider seriously imposing some of these taxes because they may increase the burden, the then finance minister arunjaitley had said while replying to a brief debate on the punjab municipal corporation law (extension to chandigarh) amendment bill 2017.
chief minister sarbananda sonowal, who was also present, said gst has removed the sense of alienation and deprivation from the minds of the people of the northeast by providing huge tax benefits.
i have personally written to every chief minister saying that till such time that the gst stabilizes itself, we must not consider seriously imposing some of these taxes because they may increase the burden, the then finance minister arunjaitley had said while replying to a brief debate on the punjab municipal corporation law (extension to chandigarh) amendment bill 2017.
the country should eventually have a gst which will have only slabs of zero, 5 per cent and standard rate with luxury and sin goods as an exception, arunjaitley said.
jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti (express photo by renuka puri) jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti (express photo by renuka puri)jammu and kashmir, the only state which failed to meet the june 30 timeline for the gst rollout, is likely to clear the legislation on the indirect tax regime by july 6, its finance minister haseeb drabu said in new delhi on friday.
in case the gst is not extended to the state, the businesses will be crippled as no trader from jammu and kashmir will be able to do business with their counterparts from other parts of the country," drabu said, adding the consumer in j-k will be the worst hit due to double taxation.
pwc india leader (indirect tax) jain said, it is encouraging to see that within four days of the assent of the constitution amendment bill by the president, the government has approved the setting up of the gst council and the first meeting of the council is to be held within 10 days of the cabinet approval.
finance minister arunjaitley said there is constitutional compulsion to roll out gst by september 16, 2017.
the proposed law will not harass honest taxpayers, but is aimed at tax evaders, finance minister pranabmukherjee told members of lok sabha on tuesday, replying to the general discussion on budget, which marks the completion of one of the three stages of passage of the budget.
thanks to all this, people are being spared tax hikes, and commodities in the state will not be dearer at least for four months before we know the new tax rates under gst, said b t manohar, chairman of taxation committee of federation of chambers of commerce (fkcci).
finance minister arunjaitley said the taxpayers with an aggregate turnover of rs 40 lakh would now be exempted from the gst.
in a facebook post titled 'eighteen months of gst', arunjaitley said, of the 1,216 commodities which are used, broadly 183 are taxed at zero rates, 308 at 5 per cent, 178 at 12 per cent and 517 at 18 per cent.
countries that rolled out gst have witnessed higher economic growth, says udit ram , adding that an online database of taxes will increase transparency.
prof g v ram , professor of economics at nitte institute of management and former member of karnataka state planning board said that the chief ministers budget speach clearly showed that the state is all set to implement gst from july 2017.
in gst, there is no centralised exemption but if a state wants, it can refund the state gst for promoting regional cinema, arunjaitley said.
hope to take gst legislations to parliament this session: fmnew delhi, feb 3, 2017, (pti) 19:12 istkeen to rollout the goods and services tax by july, the government plans to take the supporting legislations to parliament next month, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
addressing a seminar on compliance procedures under gst organised by the federation of andhra pradesh and telangana chambers of commerce and industry (ftapcci) here, mr. ramakrishnudu said gst had not yet been fixed for 10 commodities.
the department has focused on e-governance initiatives to meet the challenges of the rapidly changing economic environment and the expectations of the growing numbers of taxpayers, pranabmukherjee said in his address at the concluding ceremony here of the year-long celebrations commemorating 150 years of the income tax department.
addressing cii-kotak investors' round table here, arunjaitley said that the gst council, headed by him and comprising representatives of all states, will in the next few days finalise the rates of tax for different goods and services and the country is on track to roll out the simplified indirect tax regime fromjuly 1.
pti photo/pibprime minister modi on sunday said that the consensus on the goods and services tax (gst) would go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism, while crediting state chief ministers for keeping aside political and ideological differences to arrive at a common ground.
last month, barackobama announced his intention to reinstate preferential treatment for myanmar under the generalised system of preferences (gsp) programme, a preferential tariff system.
dropping hints that the government would reduce tax rates under gst, prime minister modi said on tuesday that 99 per cent things would be brought under gst slabs below 18 per cent.
(express file photo by prem nath pandey)a day before the introduction of the state goods and service tax (gst) bill in the odisha assembly, chief minister naveenpatnaik on wednesday said gst was a major financial reform which would transform the country into one single market.
dh photochief minister ram on wednesday said the state government has completed all the formalities to introduce goods and service tax (gst) from july 1.
on the vexed question of gst rate which may have implications for inflation, arunjaitley said it would be decided by the gst council, which will comprise representatives of centre and states.
speaking in the house on the last day of the second part of the budget session, modi said the retiring members would have felt much more satisfied if these two legislation  relating to goods and services tax (gst) and compensatory afforestation fund management and planning authority (campa)  had been passed by the rajya sabha during their tenure.
hyderabad: union minister m m.venkaiahnaidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
by tomorrow we will share the model gst law with the states which has been redrafted after taking into account the comments of stakeholders, shah said while inaugurating the cbec pavilion at the iitf.
they had to tell us that due to steps such as gst, their earnings have got halved in the recent time, said gandhi , terming the initiative as gabbar singh tax, appealing voters to remember how they were made to stand in queue (during demonetization) while casting their vote.
read more hererahul gandhi hits out at bjp govt over gst billspeaking at an interaction with students in mumbai, congress vice president gandhi said it was the bjp which was responsible for the gst bill being delayed for seven years, adding that if the government wanted to see the bill make progress during the upcoming budget session, it would have to give in to their concerns.
i will still keep my fingers crossed, arunjaitley told media persons after the gst council meet here.
the programmes have built confidence among the traders to welcome the gst regime, association founder and president prakash mandoth said.
speaking at the meeting of group of ministers (gom) on the information-technology related issues of gst in bengaluru on saturday, telangana finance minister eatala rajender said the details of gst tax payers, particularly of those who have filed returns, were not accessible to states now.
on a clarification sought by bjps som prakash, amarindersingh said there would be similar waiver on the gst on langar or prasad for durgiana mandir and bhagwan valmiki tirath sthal.
the union budget 2017-18 and the working of the ministry of railways and gst bills were discussed at length, chairman hamidansari said in his valedictory remarks before adjourning the house sine die.
it will be disastrous and that cannot be gst, it will be fooling the country, chidambaram told an interactive session with iim calcutta students on economic reforms.
bengaluru: the goods and services tax, to be rolled out in just over a month, will not only check evasions but also help india evolve as a more tax-compliant society, finance minister arunjaitley said here on monday.
describing how his government was following sardar patels principles of unity, modi said gst (one nation one tax), one nation one grid, e-nam and bharatmala are some of the initiatives for new india.
the broad view was that gst will be largely non-inflationary and is a medium-term structural reform, jain said.
taking an indirect dig at bjp-ruled states, siddaramaiah said as many as 24 states and one union territory have agreed to implement gst, but initially gujarat, madhya pradesh and rajasthan were against it.
deputy chief minister modi , who also holds charge of finance and commercial taxes departments, said people have now begun to understand gst which is evident from the fact that the quantum of complaints vis--vis gst has reduced to only 10 per cent.
now the responsibility is on the vidhan sabha to pass the gst bill, yogiadityanath said.
talking about the new indirect tax regime, arunjaitley said the government is fully on course to implement the goods and services tax (gst) by july 1.
the matter has been put on hold till gst council decides on the issue, modi said.
august's pmi results showed that manufacturers in india recovered quickly from the sharp slump that followed the introduction of the goods & services tax, said pollyanna de lima, principal economist at ihs markit and the author of the report.
in a bid for smooth transition to the new tax regime, siddaramaiah announced the constitution of gst consultation committee in the commercial taxes department that would have representatives from all the important stakeholders.
by ptinew delhi: going forward, as tax revenues significantly increase, india will have gst slabs of 0 per cent, 5 per cent and a standard rate between 12-18 per cent for commonly-used items, finance minister arunjaitley said monday.
the introduction of the goods and services tax (gst) weighed heavily on the indian manufacturing industry in july," said pollyanna de lima, economist at ihs markit.
while the law restrains traders from changing the maximum retail price (mrp) inclusive of all taxes, there are no guidelines for repricing the commodities in accordance with the changed tax rates in the gst regime ," said bt manohar, chairman of taxation committee and team gst of federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industry .
making it clear that andhra pradesh will not accept the proposal of cross empowerment to state officers under igst act, aimed at excluding state authorities to adjudicate cases, if any issue relating to import or export of goods or services is involved, yanamala said that the state authorities have been administering cst act 1956 and assessing the genuineness of exports as it involves refund of taxes paid at input stage".
gst with a far more efficient system, arunjaitley said, that will increase trade, tax collection and improve ease of doing business.
i am ecstatic that there would be no levy of gst on services rendered by government, reserve bank of india, public conveniences, educational institution, services relating to agriculture, transmission or distribution of electricity, renting of residential dwelling for use as a residence, burial, healthcare, specified schemes of general insurance etc, mohan said.
crediting adhia efforts on the gst rollout, arunjaitley said in his blog that it was his efforts supported by his team of officers of centre and state governments, which made it possible to hit the deadline of july 1, 2017.
since the gst bill passed by parliament cannot be applicable to jammu and kashmir in its present form, the state government has brought a modified version of the legislation, finance minister haseeb drabu told reporters here after the cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister mehbooba mufti.
still, the best overall performance of the economy was recorded since october 2016, endorsing the standpoint that the economy is recovering from the implementation of the twin shocks of demonetisation and gst," dodhia said.
see the rationale behind passing gst, arunjaitley said at a conclave here.
the state has demanded strong action to ensure that the maximum retail price (mrp) of all goods is slashed while traders are introducing fresh stock to the market post-goods and service tax (gst) regime, finance minister t.m. thomas isaac has said.
the landmark gst legislation will reflect the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination, said prime minister narendramodi , as he addressed the third meeting of the governing council of niti aayog on sunday.
taking an indirect dig at bjp-ruled states, ram said as many as 24 states and one union territory have agreed to implement gst, but initially gujarat, madhya pradesh and rajasthan were against it.
introducing four bills to give effect to the goods and services tax (gst), arunjaitley said the legislations will have to be passed by parliament and one by each of the state assemblies to turn india into one market with a single tax rate.
now it is important that supporting rules are finalised by the gst council in its next few meetings, and should be released at the earliest to enable the businesses to align their compliance and regulatory processes, dimri said.
talking about the recent roll-out of goods and services tax, pranabmukherjee said the passage of gst speaks volume about the maturity of the parliament.
3, arunjaitley told reporters, but did not clarify whether the country could meet the self-imposed deadline of april 1 for the launch of goods and services tax, the country's most ambitious tax reform as yet.
according to sources, gandhi told the members that the party should play the role of a constructive opposition and should not be seen as against the gst legislations.
8:45pm: assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal says gst will bring a paradigm shift in the entire indirect tax system.
prime minister modi told the all party meeting that goods and services tax (gst) legislation is in the interest of nation and the finance minister will speak to parties concerned to address their doubts on it, naidu said after the meeting.
in a statement issued here, chamber president n. jegatheesan said that a gst trade body could comprise representatives of trade and industry drawn from across the country to provide suggestions and conduct parleys with the finance ministers of various states and the union finance minister.
drabu said the gst regime will roll out in the state at midnight, making jammu and kashmir the last state to join the new tax regime.
gst scheduled for july 1 rolloutthe goods and services tax (gst) is on schedule for implementation from july 1 and will not lead to any significant increase in prices of goods although cost of some services may see a marginal hike, finance minister arunjaitley said on monday.
ani byraebareli: congress president gandhi on saturday said that no prime minister except narendra modi took foolish decisions such as demonetisation and goods and servies tax (gst) in the past 70 years.
hoping that goods and services tax (gst) will be introduced from july 1, jaitley said a consensus has been arrived at between the centre and states on most of the contentious issues in the gst council meeting.
we have decided to hold an informal meeting on november 20 to take a final view, finance minister arunjaitley said after a meeting of the gst council in new delhi, where state finance ministers were present.
trying to clear apprehension of opposition and traders, finance minister haseeb drabu said j&k legislature can enact a comprehensive gst law, where tax will be levied corresponding to aggregate sgst and cgst".
talking about gst, pm modi said the unanimity on the landmark legislation will be remembered in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism.
the laws which enable this (gst) are now before parliament which hopefully should get cleared and once they do get cleared then by the middle of this year we hope to see the implementation as far as this law is concerned, arunjaitley said.
dubai, nov 16, 2015 (pti) 19:08 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said the government would make all efforts to persuade the opposition for the passage of constitution amendment bill for implementation of gst in the winter session.
read more hererahul gandhi hits out at bjp govt over gst billspeaking at an interaction with students in mumbai, congress vice president rahulgandhi said it was the bjp which was responsible for the gst bill being delayed for seven years, adding that if the government wanted to see the bill make progress during the upcoming budget session, it would have to give in to their concerns.
in his meeting with top revenue department officials yesterday, modi said the gst council would need to have intensive meetings to be able to make timely recommendations relating to its mandate, including proposals relating to model gst laws, gst rates, goods and services that may be subjected to or exempted from gst.
finance minister t.m. thomas isaac said here on saturday that the state government would soon develop software to be supplied free to trade and industry for gst migration.
with regard to the goods and services tax (gst), meghwal said the government intends to implement it from april 1.
in a bid for smooth transition to the new tax regime, ram announced the constitution of gst consultation committee in the commercial taxes department that would have representatives from all the important stakeholders.
in bhilwara, gandhi said demonetisation and gst left lakhs of people unemployed.
the sale of land and immovable property should be part of gst so that input tax credit can flow freely in the system, ram said at a conference.
more than rs 130 crore in cash and jewellery has been seized and approximately rs 2,000 crore of undisclosed income has been admitted by the taxpayers, it addedin a major assault on black money and terror funding, prime minister modi on november 8 announced demonetisation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes and asked holders of such currencies to deposit it in bank accounts by december end.
captain abhimanyu said the haryana government agreed with the empowered committee recommendation that full gst compensation be paid at least for five years through an independent mechanism, which should be in-built in the constitution.
in july, firms indicated that orders, production and purchasing had been postponed due to a lack of clarity about the new tax regime, but they have now been resumed as manufacturers, suppliers and their clients have become more knowledgeable of the gst rates," said pollyanna de lima, economist at ihs markit, in a release.
former finance minister p chidambaram, who was elected to the rajya sabha in june, had said the government could accommodate congress demand for mentioning the gst rate cap in the constitution (122nd amendment) or gst bill through skilful drafting.
assembly passes state gst billchief minister ram said karnataka is prepared to implement the gst in the state.
pwc leader (indirect tax) jain said the arrest provisions as per the revised model gst law may lead to undue harassment for traders.
new delhi, june 28, 2016, dhns 2:53 istgst: modi says one group has made passage of bill 'prestige issue'prime minister modi has pinned hopes on the changed arithmetic in the rajya sabha for the passage of the much-delayed goods and services tax (gst) bill.
finance minister arun jailtey (file photo) finance minister arun jailtey (file photo)the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), coupled with a digitised economy ushered in by demonetisation, will make indias economy look much cleaner and bigger, said union finance minister arun jaitley at the vibrant gujarat global summit wednesday.
if you want gst, unless we can get the states on board through some mechanism, we will have difficulties, pranabmukherjee said.
fuel prices will come down once the centre builds a consensus to bring petrol and diesel under the goods and services tax (gst), maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said today.
from 28% the rate of gst should be decreased to 18% for auto parts and car accessories and 12% for tractor parts, said brijesh goyal, convener of aap's delhi trade wing.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said the four bills that are crucial for the rollout of the goods and service tax (gst) will be introduced in the lok sabha by early next week and the rate structure would be worked out after march.
chidambaram said, gst stands for gabbar singh tax, the rate must not be more than 18 per cent in any circumstance.
deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi , who also holds charge of finance and commercial taxes departments, said people have now begun to understand gst which is evident from the fact that the quantum of complaints vis--vis gst has reduced to only 10 per cent.
regarding gst, the finance minister said it would be an integrated tax regime which would replace 16 taxes currently being levied by the centre and the state government.
the panel today also cleared the state-gst (s-gst) and union territory gst (ut-gst) legislations, arunjaitley said while briefing reporters on the deliberations at the 12th meeting of the all-powerful gst council.
the way the fitment discussions have happened in the gst council and the way commodities and services have been treated, gst is only going to help in improving our exports, ram said at a media conference to brief three years achievements of her ministry.
the bills very clearly specify that gst would be charged on any lease of land or letting out of the building or construction of a complex, building, civil structure or a part thereof, where whole or any part of consideration has been received before issuance of completion certificate or its first occupation," nangia & co director rajat mohan said.
naidu said besides gst, the government will push for passage of three bills replacing ordinances on combined entrance exam for medical and dental colleges as well as the one seeking amendments to the enemy property act.
the industry also expects the gst level to be rationalised to a lower level (28 per cent to 18 per cent) to accommodate the downturn in sales, ram said.
b t manohar, chairman of state tax committee team gst, federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industry (fkcci), bengaluru, said that karnataka was a role model for all other states in the country.
nangia & co director (indirect taxation) rajat mohan said july 1 looks like the "best case scenario" for gst implementation as by then the industry will also be able to migrate into the new taxation regime.
we have received 43 complaints so far in haryana where benefits of lower tax rates under the gst regime were not passed on to consumers," state finance minister captain abhimanyu said while talking to reporters here today.
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said low gst collections might lead to high fiscal deficit for states and hence tax and non-tax resources available exclusively to states' authorities might be tapped".
the sangathan president gautamkothari said, industries are already suffering due to gst and poor global market.
finance minister pranabmukherjee had announced in the budget 2011-12 that a public debate on the services tax to help the government finalise the approach to gst would take place.
chandigarh: chief minister amarindersingh on wednesday announced waiver of the state governments 50  share in the goods and services tax (gst) on community kitchen (langar) at golden temple, durgiana temple, bhagwan valmiki tirath and key shrines of the other communities.
today, the gst system has been established to a large extent and we are working towards a position where 99 per cent things will attract the sub-18 per cent gst slab, modi had said.
the gom has invited suggestions from industry and tax experts within a week, which will be incorporated in a report and tabled before the gst council, modi said.
new delhi: sounding bullish on the state of economy, union home minister rajnathsingh today said the centre was hopeful of crossing the hurdles in rolling out gst from april 1 next year.
rajat mohan, director at tax consultant nangia & co, said: "gst is the biggest change that our country would see in last 50 years.
indias economy should get a lift from the launch of the goods and services tax (gst), finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday, putting a brave face on a slowdown in growth that followed a government crackdown on black money.
new delhi, apr 24, 2015 (pti) 17:44 istthe long-pending goods and services tax (gst) bill was today moved in the lok sabha for consideration amid stiff resistance by several opposition parties, even as finance minister arunjaitley said it is a win-win measure and states have nothing to fear.
commerce minister ram on saturday said the goods and services tax (gst) will help improve indias export growth.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on monday said the centre and states were close to completing the first stage of gst rationalisation by removing most items from the 28  slab with a convergence of the 12  and 18  bracket being the next step in the process.
read: gst will reflect spirit of one nation, one aspiration: top 10 points from pm modis niti aayog meethere are the highlights:6:22 pm: use of technologies such as bhim, aadhaar would result in significant savings for states, says pm modi6:18 pm: states should use govt e-marketplace to reduce corruption, increase transparency in govt procurement: pm modi6:10 pm: pm modi asks states, local govts, ngos to decide goals for 2022 and work in mission mode to achieve them.
(source: pti photo) parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said that the government wanted all parties on board for the gst bill.
finance minister eatala rajender said here on tuesday that the state government will have the option of taking recourse to a legal battle against the goods and services tax if the centre was reluctant to consider its appeals to reduce the tax on its projects and schemes from 12% to 5%.
the 5  gst on readymade garments below rs 1,000 would benefit the public, being a mass consumption item, arunjaitley said.
ajith athrady, dh news service, new delhi, may 20 2017, 15:43 istthe goods and services tax (gst) will help improve india's export growth, commerce minister ram said here on saturday.
while motor fuels are yet to be brought under the ambit of goods and services tax (gst), the demand is that sales tax burden be reduced for now, said b t manohar, chairman state taxation committee of fkcci.
on the impact of gst on prices, arunjaitley said: today you have tax on tax, you have cascading effect.
gst has to be implemented latest by september 16, 2017, and if it is not implemented by then, then states will not be able to collect their share of taxes, and hence there is not enough scope to further delay the decision, arunjaitley said while inaugurating the two-day economic editors conference,so far the government has been successful to resolve most of the major issues through consensus, arunjaitley said, adding we have already sorted out 10 issues.
the rates would be the big item to discuss and after that we will go on to draft rules of gst law, said arunjaitley , adding that the  discussion was inconclusive and therefore it will continue in the next meeting on 18th (october).
further, gst will broaden the tax base, and result in better tax compliance due to a robust it infrastructure, arunjaitley said.
communist party of india-marxist (cpi-m) leader ram said the issue of the gst bill cannot be settled between the congress and the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) alone.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said it is not possible to have one gst rate as the country has vast disparities, but assured investors that government will undertake further reforms after improvement in tax compliance standards.
earlier this week, prime minister modi had said 99 per cent of goods and services will be brought in the 18-per-cent or less gst slabs and the highest slab restricted to just a few select luxury and sin goods.
accusing the government of bringing gst to favour the corporates, chidambaram said his party congress had to speak for the common people, who were the "third factor" besides the centre and states, that would be affected by taxes.
mohan said the government is eyeing world-class implementation of gst".
finance minister arunjaitley has said that the fitment will begin immediately after the march 31, gst council meeting which will pass the last bunch of rules required for the roll out.
to prepare the ground for introduction of goods and services tax (gst) regime that envisage higher threshold for registration, siddaramaiah announced that the ceiling for registering with the commercial taxes department will be increased from rs 5 lakh turnover per year to rs 7.
finance minister t.m. thomas isaac told the assembly on tuesday that the government hoped to overcome the impact of demonetisation and gst on the states economy in another six months.
new delhi, aug 8, 2016, (pti) 18:09 istimplementation of the goods and services tax (gst) will reduce tax evasion and improve ease of doing business by engendering a common market throughout the country, finance minister arunjaitley said today as he moved the modified constitution amendment bill in the lok sabha.
federation of indian art silk weaving industry (fiaswi) chairman gandhi said, the industry is getting assurances since the day gst was rolled out.
assembly passes state gst billchief minister siddaramaiah said karnataka is prepared to implement the gst in the state.
10 (pti): the gst council on friday decided to reduce tax rate on a wide range of mass use items  from chewing gums to detergents - to 18 per cent from the current 28 per cent, bihar deputy chief minister modi said.
govt to talk to cong, other parties on gst: venkaiahbengaluru, aug 18, 2015, (pti) 15:36 istthe centre would shortly hold discussions with congress and other parties to bring them around to facilitate passage of the gst and some other key bills before the winter session of parliament, union parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah ram said today.
mr. ramakrishnudu said that andhra pradesh did not endorse the view that only the central government officials can administer the service tax assessees and that it was a matter of doubt how the central excise department officials, who have experience only in matters related to excise duty within the factory premises and do not have any exposure to sales tax matters, could administer the goods component of the central goods and services act and integrated goods and services act.
replying to questions on congress and some other parties pressing for amendments in the gst bill and whether the government is agreeable to them, naidu said parliament has to function even if these have to be approved.
naidu, who presented a report card on the achievements of the nda government during the last 20 months, said the centre would strive to get the long-pending gst bill passed in the budget session of parliament which would begin after february 20.
responding to a question of the power of the comptroller and audit general under gst, arunjaitley said, cag is already empowered to seek clarification from the state under cag act, the issue did come up and it was agreed that since the law exists there is no need to for separate laws.
introducing the ap state goods and services bill 2017, finance minister yanamala ramakrishnudu said the proposed legislation, introduced on the instructions of the gst council which circulated a draft of the state gst, would confer powers on the state government to levy goods and services tax on the supply of goods and services or both which take place within the state.
new delhi: prime minister modi on monday said that the goods and services tax bill was a very big and important step towards getting the country rid of tax terrorism.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said that the government wanted all parties on board for the gst bill.
speaking to reporters, union finance minister arunjaitley said, tax rate under gst will not go up for any of the commodities.
expectations of a positive outcome from the gst council did insulate us from the adverse effect of global volatility," said vinod nair, head of research, geojit bnp paribas financial services.
a few days back, drabu had said the mehbooba mufti government is genuinely interested in building a consensus because the gst is a regime that would last for the next 30-40 years.
8: finance minister ram today announced the setting up of two committees to sort out issues hampering the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst).
gst will put in place a state-of-the-art indirect tax system by april 1, 2016, arunjaitley said on saturday.
many will question how deep an impact the gst will have on the economy in the near- and long-term, firms seem convinced that prospects will brighten as the new tax regime becomes clearer, said de lima.
delhi deputy chief minister manishsisodia said that compensation law has been cleared and certain provisions of c-gst and s-gst which was approved by the law ministry have been cleared.
the central government should immediately withdraw the gst on purchases made by the sgpc and other religious institutions that are doing community service of this magnitude," prithipal singh, a devout sikh who has been doing voluntary service at the langar hall of the golden temple complex in amritsar for the past nearly a decade, told ians.
continued outflow of foreign money will keep rupee on tenterhook while increasing gst collection and rbis open market operation may soften the volatility," said vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said the states are not in favour of including petrol and diesel into gst at the moment, ruling out any immediate levy of the new indirect tax on these petroleum products.
reacting to the demand of opposition to bring a separate gst law for j&k, drabu said alternative law will require amending constitution of j&k and of india.
stating that both the centre and states are committed to ensuring that a taxpayer is assessed only once in the hands of one tax administration, shah said that the gst was conceived as a dual structure and the government does not want to convert that into "duel" assessment".
in a week, a draft will be prepared and presented before the gst council, which will take the final call on returns simplification, modi said, adding that till the new system is implemented, gstr-3b summary return form will continue.
elaborating on the impact of gst, drabu said that only 1,000 goods vehicles had entered j&k on july 4 as compared to 2,000 on the corresponding date last year, and that only 250 vehicles left the valley on the same day as compared to 500 last year.
jairam ram (congress) said no one government can take credit for gst.
andhra pradesh finance minister ram said the gst council in the 10th meeting discussed the draft model gst law provisions and drat compensation law which are vetted by the law ministry.
finance minister arunjaitley on monday said the government could look at merging the 12 per cent and 18 per cent slabs in the gst structure and taking cement off the top bracket of 28 per cent.
aur jo 9-10 ki gst council meeting mein agar koi rajya kathinayi paida nahi karega toh mujhe vishwaas hai ki bharat ke vyapar jagat aur bharat ki aarthik vyavastha ko nayi taqat dene mein jo bhi aawashyak sudhaar honge woh kiye jayenge (if no state raises objection in gst council meeting on november 9-10, then i believe that the necessary changes required for the countrys businesses and the countrys economy would be taken), modi said.
on the stalled gst bill, modi said the congress has made it a prestige issue but expressed confidence that the evolving arithmetic in rajya sabha would ensure that the legislation would be passed soon.
the impact of the demonetisation and the gst is well behind us, finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday after the numbers were announced.
with indication of revised implementation date of july 1, 2017 for gst, industry gets much needed clarity and some additional time for preparation for this huge reform, said jain , partner and leader, indirect tax, pwc.
addressing the traders, gandhi said, modi has enforced 'gabbar singh tax' (gst), which has 'destroyed' your business.
siddaramaiah also said the gst, which will come into effect from april next year, will boost the economic environment.
it is also highly expected that many sections of the industry may not be fully compliant with various requirements of gst law from day 1 itself and would require a transitioning period of few months, post the go-live date," said rajeev dimri, bmr and associates llp leader (indirect tax).
stating that he has been raising the issue that common man has been affected severely due to high tax incidence under gst on several items, yanamala said as a result, out of 228 items under 28% slab only 50 items will remain and all other items brought down to 18% slab or 12% slab.
simultaneously the gst council will work on the functional modalities for implementation such that same person is not assessed by both centre and states, arunjaitley said.
the bills very clearly specify that gst would be charged on any lease of land or letting out of the building or construction of a complex, building, civil structure or a part thereof, where whole or any part of consideration has been received before issuance of completion certificate or its first occupation, nangia & co director rajat mohan said.
congress leader gandhi had also tweeted government says 99 per cent of goods will be at 18 per cent gst.
badungar said there were indications that the gst council would waive off the tax but the issue was not even discussed in the meeting.
the gst council has flexibility to do so and will do so i am sure," shah said at an assocham event.
mr. ramakrishnudu said that the issue would be raised at the gst council meeting.
in the backdrop of the industry's demand to reduce the proposed gst rates of 5 per cent, 12 per cent, 18 per cent and 28 per cent after demonetisation, cbec chairman najib shah said the centre and the states collected rs 8 lakh crore from indirect taxes, minus customs duty, and the same level of revenue had to be collected in the gst regime.
pwc india leader (indirect tax) pratik jain said, "it is encouraging to see that within four days of the assent of the constitution amendment bill by the president, the government has approved the setting up of the gst council and the first meeting of the council is to be held within 10 days of the cabinet approval".
while the lists are yet to be rolled out by the gst council, all essential commodities and services, including education and health care should feature in the list of special concessional rate of 5% (if not zero rated)," said bmr indirect tax leader rajeev dimri.
dh photochief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday said the state government has completed all the formalities to introduce goods and service tax (gst) from july 1.
capital values that are already reduced in selected locations within markets such as delhi-ncr, bengaluru and mumbai, will continue to remain under pressure in the coming quarter as the markets readjust in the post rera and gst regime, jain said.
lauding prime minister narendra modi for his decisiveness, arunjaitley said unlike the previous prime minister (manmohan singh), modi has been decisive in taking steps with regard to demonetisation, surgical strike against pakistan and the goods and services tax (gst).
the gst council has already approved five sets of rules and regulations relating to registration, payments, refund, invoice and returns, arunjaitley said, adding there are four others -- composition, valuation, input tax credit and transitions -- which now require a formal approval.
taking a strong exception to the cheap political gimmicks of the opposition, manoharlalkhattar said that the opposition earlier criticised me for not meeting the prime minister on the vital issues of the syl canal, gst and the issues of farmers.
dr. isaac, in his reply, said that price rise following the implementation of the gst regime was indeed a serious issue and that the centres attitude towards the concerns expressed by the states was very unhelpful.
once that is done, it creates conditions for implementing gst, rajeev dimri, leader, indirect taxes at bmr advisors, said.
watch video: whats making newsemphasizing that the gst bill is in the larger interest of the country, naidu said, we have a wider support and we have enough numbers for gst but we would like to have all parties on board because it will have an effect on states.
new delhi, mar 29, 2017, (pti) 14:08 istallaying apprehension of spike in prices of goods and commodities after the roll out of the gst, finance minister arunjaitley today said the tax rates will be kept at the current levels so as not to have any inflationary impact.
gandhi claimed that lakhs of youth lost jobs because of demonetisation and gst as production in factories stopped due to lack of demand in the market.
on demonetisation and the gst implementations, gandhi claimed that people have confusion about these.
there have been no major hiccups in the first week of goods and services tax (gst) rollout and things will normalise over the next three months, former economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said.
i am sure that issue will get resolved," shah said, hoping for gst roll out from april next year.
commerce minister nirmalasitharaman on saturday said the goods and services tax (gst) will help improve indias export growth.
on what should be the rate of gst, arunjaitley said: the lower the better.
within the first year of gst implementation, arunjaitley said the number of people who registered for gst has gone up by 74 per cent and government has also been able to bring down tax rates for as many as 334 commodities than previous levels.
10 (pti): the gst council on friday decided to reduce tax rate on a wide range of mass use items  from chewing gums to detergents - to 18 per cent from the current 28 per cent, bihar deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said.
before the gst was rolled out, there were 65 lakh registered enterprises; the number has risen by 55 lakh, modi said.
besides, 10 taxes of state government like vat, entry tax, luxury tax, entertainment tax etc would be included in state gst, modi said.
citing a study by international rating agency moodys, naidu said that indias growth story is running the risk of being jeopardised on account of slow progress on major legilsative reforms like gst and claimed that the legislation, if passed could add  1.5 per cent to 2 per cent to the gdp growth of the country.
mumbai: hdfc chairman deepak on friday said the goods and services tax (gst) regime can push up the country's growth by as much as 150-200 basis points (bps).
berlin: prime minister modi today said india has already completed a sizable part of reforms and the historic goods and services tax (gst) regime will be rolled out from july.
stating that the gst rollout is a matter of time, arunjaitley said the obstructionist position of the congress will not continue for long as the countrys mood is reform-oriented.
'a day after the gst bill failed to get past parliament and the government had to take recourse to the joint committee of parliament for the bankruptcy bill, finance minister arunjaitley on thursday asked whether the country has not lost out by delaying the gst since the last years budget session.
the state will receive an additional income of rs. 3,000 crore once the gst regime is implemented, finance minister t.m. thomas isaac has said.
(source-express photo/nirmal harindran)with petrol ruling at 55-month high and diesel at record levels, andhra pradesh chief minister n naidu has asked central government to cut excise duty on the fuels to ease the burden on people.
without arn, traders cannot get their gst identification (gstin) which is required to raise the tax invoice and bill of sale.
by ptiwashington: demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst) are the two major headwinds that held back india's economic growth last year, former rbi governor raghuramrajan has said, asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country's needs.
gandhi said, apart from fabrics import, manufacturers of fabrics are comfortable with gst rates of 5  and 12  on mmf yarn and that any increase by the government in gst rates will lead to inflation of fabric prices and the whole value chain will be disrupted.
now the normal gst rate for these services is 18 per cent but because in these sectors the rate itself has been reduced, for job work in these sectors the rate has been fixed at 5 per cent, so that outsourcing through job work in these sectors could be encouraged, arunjaitley said.
july 1 now optimistically looks like the implementation date for gst, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after a day-long meeting with his state counterparts at the gst council.
september data painted an encouraging picture as the sector continued to recover from the disruptions caused by the introduction of gst in july," said aashna dodhia, economist at ihs markit, and author of the report.
business confidence eased to the weakest since february as some firms expressed concerns over negative gst effects," dodhia said.
in the absence of the comprehensive goods and services tax (gst), if the duty sops are removed, auto component makers will face margin pressures as they will not be able to hike prices on export products, ram said.
but much will depend on the next three months, how the government and industry smoothen the overall transition (to gst)and the compliance," said n.r. bhanumurthy of the national institute of public finance and policy in delhi.
gst council has complete flexibility to do so and will do so i am sure, shah said at an assocham event here.
all states have agreed on the rollout of gst from that date, arunjaitley said.
shah said that the gst council has to take into consideration the range of products under gst and the political compulsion of every state while taxing them.
p chidambaram said, before the economy could recover from demonitisation, we had this great gst.
finance minister arunjaitley says 60  of the items presently taxed at 32   a composite of the several taxes that gst will be replacing  will be reduced at four percentage points less.
by ptiwashington: demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst) are the two major headwinds that held back india's economic growth last year, former rbi governor ram has said, asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country's needs.
the cabinet today approved the draft legislation of gst and desired that we should hold a special session of the assembly starting, perhaps from the 17th (of june) to discuss the specific issue of extension of the gst to the state of jammu and kashmir, drabu said.
with industry demanding lowering of proposed gst rates of 5%, 12%, 18% and 28% post the demonetisation, cbec chairman najib shah said the centre and the states at present collect rs 8 lakh crore from indirect taxes, minus customs duty, and the same level of revenue has to be collected in the gst regime.
as regards the compensation to the states on account of any possible loss of revenue following implementation of the gst, arunjaitley said there will be 100 per cent compensation in first three years, 75 per cent in the fourth year and 50 per cent in the fifth year.
modi said gst would help to achieve the government's aim of empowering the poor.
former finance minister p ram had yesterday said if the government addresses three of its fundamental concerns-- maximum gst rate should not cross 18 per cent, no additional one per cent tax and setting up of a grievance redress mechanism--then the congress could consider supporting its passage.
b t manohar, chairman of taxation committee and team gst of federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industries, said it is consumers' responsibility to ask for the invoice in the proper gst format so that they aren't cheated by vendors.
while taking a number of questions on gst, gandhi told the audience that the very structure of gst is flawed.
limiting the zero rating to food grains or agri products may not lead to any significant reduction on tax costs for the consumers, said rajeev dimri, leader, indirect tax, bmr & associates llp while reacting to gst rate announcement here on thursday.
gst council has reduced tax rates of 66 items as against representations received for 133 items, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters here after the 16th meeting of the gst council.
rahul gandhi , the president of the congress, had, in may, said if his party came to power, there would be only one slab of the gst and that the party was against the 28 per cent slab.
2: president pranabmukherjee today said states needed to come on board and develop an appropriate mechanism to roll out goods and services tax (gst).
rajender said that while supporting the implementation of gst (goods and services tax), telangana urged the centre to exempt paddy, petrol and diesel from the new tax regime.
after the passage of gst bill with voice vote, drabu said new tax regime will roll out in the state at midnight, making j&k the last state to join the gst.
the council will meet again on january 3-4 and will discuss the contentious issue of cross-empowerment, the only main issue that is lacking consensus, said finance minister arunjaitley adding that the next session will also see the cgst and sgst laws being framed in legal language and placed before the states.
jaitley said the demonetisation, coupled with the implementation of gst, will make india a single market instead of 30 different markets in the states, facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country.
by uninew delhi: the gst council of state finance ministers began on saturday and may look into the issue of filing of returns and the refund processes for small and mid-size businesses and reach a consensus on taxation as prime minister modi had announced that 99 per cent of 1,200 goods and services would be brought under 18 per cent slab or less.
both the parliamentary affairs minister and myself have discussed the gst with every senior congress leader in parliament, arunjaitley said, asking whether congress insistence on constitutional cap for gst was politically motivated.
announcing that there is no new proposal for tax increase like the previous two years, deputy chief minister manishsisodia , who also handles the finance portfolio, said the government expects a positive impact on tax revenue collections after the implementation of the goods and service tax (gst) later this year.
to prepare the ground for introduction of goods and services tax (gst) regime that envisage higher threshold for registration, ram announced that the ceiling for registering with the commercial taxes department will be increased from rs 5 lakh turnover per year to rs 7.
finance minister arunjaitley said the revision in gst rates was considered after receiving several representations from trade and industry.
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said gst would make dutyfree shops uncompetitive via-a-vis those situated outside the airport.
being a delhi girl, i challenge you to fight the last two phases of the lok sabha elections on the issues of demonetisation, gst, women's security and the false promises made to people of the country, priyanka gandhi had said during the roadshow.
september data painted an encouraging picture as the sector continued to recover from the disruptions caused by the introduction of the gst in july, said aashna dodhia, economist at ihs markit and author of the report.
kerala has asked the centre to reduce the goods and services tax (gst) rates for 24 items, finance minister t.m. thomas isaac told the assembly on tuesday.
this measure should significantly help in assuaging the concerns of inadequate readiness of gstn being faced by the industry and confirms that preparedness of gstn will not be a roadblock for the implementation of gst as was being anticipated by the industry, said rajeev dimri , leader for indirect tax practice at consultancy bmr & associates.
govt to talk to cong, other parties on gst: venkaiahbengaluru, aug 18, 2015, (pti) 15:36 istthe centre would shortly hold discussions with congress and other parties to bring them around to facilitate passage of the gst and some other key bills before the winter session of parliament, union parliamentary affairs minister m naidu said today.
finance minister y. ramakrishnudu on saturday said he would raise the issue of granting exemption to the tirumala tirupati devasthanams (ttd) under the proposed goods and services tax (gst) at the gst council meeting in new delhi on sunday.
prime minister modi modiprime minister modi on thursday asked his party mps to expose the lies and disinformation campaign of the opposition over the governments stand on obcs and the gst legislation by studying the facts and creating the right awareness about them.
all traders are clear about their registration because of the programmes conducted on gst awareness by fkcci in coordination with the commercial tax department and other trade bodies," b t manohar, chairman, state tax committee, federation of karnataka chambers of commerce & industry (fkcci), said.
mumbai: hdfc chairman deepakparekh on friday said the goods and services tax (gst) regime can push up the country's growth by as much as 150-200 basis points (bps).
the goods and services tax (gst)," said pollyanna de lima, economist at ihs markit and author of the report".
hyderabad: telangana finance minister eatala rajender said on tuesday that the state would suffer huge financial losses if the centre brings petrol and diesel under the ambit of goods and services tax ( gst ).
non-ac restaurants will attract a gst of 12 per cent, while the rate for ac restaurants and those with liquor licences will be 18 per cent, finance minister arunjaitley said.
pti photo/pibprime minister narendramodi on sunday said that the consensus on the goods and services tax (gst) would go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism, while crediting state chief ministers for keeping aside political and ideological differences to arrive at a common ground.
prime minister narendramodi told the all party meeting that goods and services tax (gst) legislation is in the interest of nation and the finance minister will speak to parties concerned to address their doubts on it, naidu said after the meeting.
new delhi: terming the company formed to create it backbone for rollout of gst as anti-national, bjp mp ram today said the goods and services tax (gst) bill can be passed by parliament only if gstn gets security clearancethe goods and services tax network (gstn) is the special purpose vehicle that was formed under the previous upa regime to set up the information technology backbone for rolling out the indirect tax regime that will replace myriad local levies.
chandigarh: haryana finance minister captain abhimanyu said decisions taken in the recent meeting of the goods and services tax (gst) council would immensely benefit the state as the council had decided to give compensation to the states for five years.
bengaluru: the goods and services tax, to be rolled out in just over a month, will not only check evasions but also help india evolve as a more tax-compliant society, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
claiming victory of the congress in its opposition of the land acquisition amendment bill moved by the centre as six out of total nine important changes were taken back, ram said the congress was in favour of the passage of goods and services tax (gst) bill, but wanted four changes in its present form.
so, if i were to list the residual issues left for the next meeting, then they are the interstate gst law, the issues of dual control and cross empowerment, and the approval of the legally vetted language, arunjaitley said.
stating that everyone's contribution was necessary for the success of the goods and services tax regime, modi asked the imc to conduct gst training workshops for common people in the limited time that is available before implementing the biggest indirect taxation reform in the nation's hisotry.
tncci president jegatheesan, in a press release, said that the apart from exempting essential commodities, there has been a proper fitment of other items under the various tax rates of 5%, 12%, 18% and 28% under gst.
nangia and co director-indirect taxation rajat mohan said return filing under gst regime would necessitate much more data in terms of invoices, debit notes and credit notes that would be matched online".
after the implementation of gst, as per our initial estimation, the state may see a short fall of rs 2,900 crore in revenue," ramakrishnudu told pti".
businesses will realise the benefits of input tax credit and gst in coming months, mr. das said during an interaction with aarti krishnan, consultant, the hindu business line , organised by the chennai international centre.
finance minister arunjaitley said on wednesday he is hopeful of rolling out the biggest tax reform gst from july 1 that will make goods and services cheaper and tax evasion difficult.
addressing the officials of the commercial taxes department here on thursday, yanamala said that the state has overcome the initial troubles due to the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst).
the finance minister raised the service tax rate to 12% from the existing 10% and also raised the excise duty to 12% from 10%.
commending the bill for consideration and passage, arunjaitley said: gst is going to lead to a win-win situation as far as the centre and the states are concerned.
addressing members of the textile industry, smritiirani said, i had meeting with the members of the textile industry and finance minister piyush goyal to discuss the issue of refund of igst.
mr. sisodia was in agreement with their [traders] demands and assured them that he would bring up their concerns at the next meeting of the gst council on december 22 and 23, where the issue of jurisdiction will be discussed, said mr. goyal.
to start with, there should be lighter penal provision for offences for at least two years as gst is a new tax regime and traders would need time to understand the law, jain said.
by ptinew delhi: hitting out at the opposition, prime minister modi on monday said nearly 8 crore fake beneficiaries were getting government aid during previous dispensations but opposition leaders have gathered now to abuse him as he has stopped their means of looting taxpayers' money.
the way the fitment discussions have happened in the gst council and the way commodities and services have been treated, gst is only going to help in improving our exports, ram said here, briefing on three years of initiatives and achievements of the commerce ministry.
finance minister arunjaitley could announce tax incentives for individuals and firms to boost consumer demand, amid lingering uncertainty over the implementation of a nationwide goods and services tax, said one of the officials.
rajat mohan, director at tax consultant nangia & co, said: gst is the biggest change that our country would see in last 50 years.
addressing the cii delhi state annual session today, deputy chief minister manishsisodia said he wants to set up the cell in coordination with the confederation of indian industry (cii) to help small traders understand gst which is expected to come into effect from july 1.
1:45 pm: aiadmks g ram ram says tamil nadu is concerned about the impact gst will have on its fiscal autonomy.
but i am sure as the gst experience moves on, i think, natural gas, real estate -- these are areas which are to be brought in and then probably at some stage we will keep trying for petrol, diesel and potable alcohol, arunjaitley said.
as revenue secretary, adhia's term witnessed the introduction of a nationwide indirect tax egime, evolving a centre-states consensus on the multiple gst laws and drafting the rules and fixing tariffs that made it possible to meet the deadline of july 1, 2017 for the gst roll-out, arunjaitley said.
hyderabad: union minister m naidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
they have hiked excise duty on fuel, mamatabanerjee said.
ani byraebareli: congress president rahulgandhi on saturday said that no prime minister except narendra modi took foolish decisions such as demonetisation and goods and servies tax (gst) in the past 70 years.
prime minister narendramodi (pti /file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti /file photo)with still two months left till the goods and services tax (gst) roll out, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said consensus on the new tax regime will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism.
