annapurna singh, new delhi, dh news service may 2 2017, 14:20 ista day after data showed india's key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
this is the second case of electrocution in the past four and a half months in the coimbatore forest division and we registered a case against the farmer and detained him, said s ram , district forest officer, coimbatore forest division.
then they purchase 80 to 90 cattle and carry it in their truck pretending as farmers and eventually slaughter the animals, gandhi said in new delhi.
hailing farmers, modi said lakhs of them from across india came together, gave their tools, parts of their land in order to build the statue.
it is not possible to implement all promises in eight months, especially given the financial crisis inherited from the erstwhile sad-bjp government, said the cm, adding that the state was struggling to generate its own resources, including loans to fulfil its promises.
defending the style of functioning of the state government, ram said it was striving in an effective manner to tackle drought.
if we can gather together to save jallikattu , then these are saviors of us, we will support them till they get the assurance from the government, said madan , it professional from noida who came to support the farmers.
referring to his visit last week to madhya pradesh when he was not allowed to enter the state to meet the families of farmers who died in police firing, gandhi said, when i asked the policemen under what law they were stopping me from entering the state, they told me there was no law but they were only carrying out orders.
after all, thats what the opposition is for, said sher singh, a 78-year-old farmer from kullewal village.
addressing a public meeting at the navsari agricultural university campus,modi said,the youths of gujarat had started the agitation for the separation of gujarat from maharashtra in ahmedabad which gujarats congress leaders did not like.
remembering may 1857 as the month in which indians displayed their strength against the british, and the youth and farmers stood up against injustices, as also for being the month and year in which savarkar was born, modi said, a wonderful account about savarkarji has been given by our dear honourable atal bihari vajpayeeji.
recalling the contributions of the wadiyar kings, especially nalvadi, to all fields to make mysuru a welfare state, including education, agriculture, irrigation, and industries, ram said, since he became chief minister, roads measuring a total of 1,000 km have been laid across the district at a cost of rs 1,580 crore.
radha mohan singh (bjp), akash singh (rlsp)union agriculture minister radhamohansingh , who is serving his fifth term as an mp from purvi champaran, earlier known as motihari, has announced this to be his last election.
but you cannot forget the interests of other people of the country, rahul said during the roadshow, which is part of his 2,500-km kisan yatra in poll-bound uttar pradesh.
ranchi mp ram said that union agriculture minister radha mohan singh, chief minister raghubar das and other senior central leaders of the party were expected to attend the programme.
chief minister ram , who described puttaiah as a model farmer, said, though the latter lacks education (he quit studies while in class eight), he has vast experience in agriculture.
in khandwa district, a 55-year old farmer jaipal singh consumed pesticide on friday.
v s park , director, drought monitoring cell, said that sowing activities would increase if there are sufficient rains across the state in september.
chief minister devendra fadnavis sanctioned rs 2.5 lakh for his medical treatment, but the farmer had already passed away at a private hospital in gadchirolis chandgaon village by then.
if all lakes are filled and the levels are maintained throughout the year, it would be a boon to fishermen, says park , a farmer.
puliyur nagar , a farmer from the tamil maanila congress who participated in the meeting, said.
ramanan ram , a senior research scholar at the princeton environment institute, said causes of air pollution in india were more easily correctable than in china, like the burning of paddy straw by northern indian farmers after they harvest it.
however, s r ram , president of sulur neervalam payanpaduthuvor sangam , a farmers association in the area, said they had been drawing water from the lake for the past three years with the due permission from the public works department officials.
when poor farmers of villages have started adopting digital payment, now they (middlemen) have started spreading new rumours, modi said.
on the allegations relating to the lynching of a dairy farmer in alwar in rajasthan and similar incidents, ram said law and order was a state subject.
speaking about the enormous hike in price of fertilisers, sushmaswaraj told the large number of farmers present in the rally that the bjp was always opposed to foreign direct investment for the interest of small traders in the country.
on the first day in office as the chief minister, ram announced housing loan waiver for dalits and backward classes and introduced shaadi bhagya for minorities.
annapurna singh, new delhi, feb 10, 2014, dhns: 1:00 istprime minister narendramodi had claimed credit for lowering prices of petrol, diesel and other essential items while campaigning for delhi polls, but the agricultural produce market committee data from asias largest azadpur mandi showed prices of vegetables and fruits, in fact, had risen close to 100 per cent.
priyanka gandhi in a statement on thursday said the agricultural land bought by her in in amipur village of faridabad district or other property acquired by her had no links to finances of her husband, his skylight hospitality or reality major dlf.
for farmers, prime minister modis 48 months have been much better than the congresss rule of 48 years, singh told reuters, referring to the main opposition party that dominated indian politics for most of the years since independence from british colonial rule in 1947.
purvi champaran (bihar)key contestants: radhamohansingh (bjp), akash singh (rlsp)main factors and issues: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh , who is serving his fifth term as an mp from purvi champaran, earlier known as motihari, has announced this to be his last election.
maharashtra chief minister prithvirajchavan today said that his comments on comparative figures of agriculture growth rates in the state and neighbouring gujarat were unfortunately mutilated.
consequently, fiis remains sellers in the market while active diis are keeping the overall environment positive, says vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services ltd.brokers said investors turned cautious and preferred to lighten their positions, particularly in banking sector stocks following the waiver of farm loans by punjab.
karnataka chief minister h.d. kumaraswamy, his deputy g. parameshwara and chief secretary ratnaprabha (left) during a meeting with the farmers on the issue of loan waiver, in bangalore on wednesday.
amarinder, who was here to launch the farm debt waiver scheme, said that, i had ensured laying of link roads during my previous tenure till 2007.
s k jain , immediate past president of the mahratta chamber of commerce industries and agriculture (mccia), said it would be in indias favour if the uk remained with the eu.
unless we do that, farmers will not gain much needed confidence, said kishore tiwari of vidarbha jan andolan samiti (vjas), who was recently roped in by the state government to head a mission to reduce farm distress.
k babu , deputy station manager, tuggali railway station, says, out of 400 to 500 passengers who leave this station every day, 200 to 300 are farmers and coolies migrating for work.
annapurna singh, new delhi, feb 10, 2014, dhns: 1:00 istprime minister modi had claimed credit for lowering prices of petrol, diesel and other essential items while campaigning for delhi polls, but the agricultural produce market committee data from asias largest azadpur mandi showed prices of vegetables and fruits, in fact, had risen close to 100 per cent.
on wednesday robert vadras wife, priyanka gandhi had said in a statement that agricultural land bought by her in haryanas faridabad district or other property acquired by her had no links to finances of her husband, his skylight hospitality or reality major dlf.
however nagar said that he had voluntarily disclosed to the i-t team the full and factual details including the sale of an agricultural land for rs 1.
at the function, yogiadityanath said, the 86 lakh farmers of uttar pradesh, whose loans are being waived, should be asked to plant 10 saplings each in order to increase the number of trees.
this is not even counting the cost of the farmers land as capital investment, the cm says in the letter.
cabinet reshuffle put off due to drought, says cmbelagavi, apr 26, 2016, dhns: 1:12 istchief minister siddaramaiah said the proposed cabinet expansion and reshuffle has been postponed by a month due to the prevailing drought in the state.
number one was jobs, number two - corruption, (and) number three - farmers.
indian prime minister narendramodi announced a 0 million line of credit to kenya for agricultural mechanisation.
urging people to shout his oft-repeated slogan against modi and raising farmers issue during the address, rahulgandhi claimed that the pm had duped farmers and looted people of india to give rs 30,000 crore to anil ambani.
it is because this sp government does not want to do justice to farmers, since it is hell bent on destroying the state, it is furthering favouritism and casteism and is interested in vote-bank politics, modi claimed.
speaking about the enormous hike in price of fertilisers, gandhi told the large number of farmers present in the rally that the bjp was always opposed to foreign direct investment for the interest of small traders in the country.
he was general secretary of district, and he always stood for the poor farmers and youth, yogiadityanath said.
trichy: prime minister narendra modi has not responded to a request seeking his appointment for an all-party delegation from tamil nadu to urge him to set up the cauvery management board, said chief minister edappadik.palaniswami talking to reporters in the city on sunday, palaniswami said the pmo has not granted appointment for a delegation of all-party representatives and farmers even after a reminder of the request was sent.
congress did kursi-bhakti (power-worship) whereas we are engaged in krishi-bhakti (agriculture-worship), modi said at a farmers rally at limkheda,dahod district.
hitting out at the saffron party and pm modi, he said they have forgotten the promises made by them to the farming community after coming to power.
ejaz kaiser byexpress news serviceraipur: congress president rahulgandhi , in a scathing attack on the bharatiya janata party (bjp) government at the centre and in chhattisgarh, said the saffron party encourages a few industrialists but ignores the concerns of the poor, the farmers, the labourers and the youngsters.
, modi said while addressing a massive convention of farmers at devla village,about 65 km from rajkot.
rahul, during an interactive session with farmers in gannaur in haryana, said farmers in kutch were crying when they met him.
addressing a convention organised by the womens wing of kisan manch in lucknow, nitishkumar said people in bihar are very happy with the ban on liquor.
speaking to reporters in bengaluru, siddaramaiah said that rahul would visit the houses of farmers who ended their lives due to debt in mandya district on october 9.
the congress has planned a march on tuesday, the second day of the session, to protest against the governments inaction on farmer suicides, increasing agrarian distress and other issues.
madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister m.venkaiahnaidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
some farmers were taken into custody, said bathinda police station officer iqbal singh.
once again, i am saying that our government won't let anyone play with the lives of people, won't tolerate anarchy, and exploitation of the poor, businessmen and farmers, yogiadityanath said.
he announced that about 25,000 farmers would participate in the farmers' rally in delhi on september 20 that would be addressed by congress president sonia gandhi and vice-president rahul gandhi besides by other leaders.
he also fought for the unification of the state and worked for the welfare of the farming community, siddaramaiah said.
modi said he assured wickremesinghe of india's continuing commitment to its development partnership - in infrastructure, railways, energy, community development projects, agriculture, capacity building, science and technology, space and civil nuclear field.
new delhi: with newly formed congress governments in mp and chhattisgarh clearing farm loan waivers, party chief rahulgandhi said the opposition will not let pm narendra modi sleep at night till he announces agriculture loan amnesty nationally.
while deepakkumar (23), a farmer, said he cannot afford a solar lamp, kaushalya devi (70) showed her solar light, which barely illuminates a part of the small room.
the crisis faced by punjabi farmers was totally based on this circular issued by the congress government, modi said,adding that some people were trying to malign the image of the gujarat government by spreading canards that his government has adopted a discriminatory attitude towards sikh farmers from punjab,who are tilling land in kutch.
at a farmers rally in chhattisgarh on monday, gandhi had said that if congress comes to power at the centre, its government will guarantee a minimum income for every individual in the country.
one is healthcare and one is agriculture, arunjaitley said at a health conference organised by the cii.
ram ram , political analyst and former professor, haryana agricultural university, hisar, said hussains move may not necessarily translate into a win for the party in mewat, where muslims are in a majority.
targeting the samajwadi party-congress alliance, modi said that till a few months back the congress was taking out rallies across uttar pradesh and accusing the ruling samajwadi party of corruption and neglecting farmers, but the two have now embraced each other.
by ptirajnandgaon: if the congress was voted to power in chhattisgarh, it will write off farmers' debts within 10 days, party president rahulgandhi said friday.
this is what prime minister modi said here today while addressing a conference of agriculture ministers of states here.
talking of farmers, modi said the congress had no interest in doing good for farmers.
a.c. jain , the deputy director of agriculture (information), said a total of 32 officials of the department and farmers and visitors donated blood at the camp.
gandhi, while addressing the 'kisan rally' here, said: cbi director alok verma was removed at midnight.
nilekani also said that uid is working with the ministry of finance and the department of financial services on financial inclusion, with oil ministry on lpg subsidy reforms, with ministry of chemicals and fertilizers on fertilizer reforms, human resource development ministry on integration of aakash and department of telecom for providing aadhar as know your customer (kyc) for mobile connections.
while deepak (23), a farmer, said he cannot afford a solar lamp, kaushalya devi (70) showed her solar light, which barely illuminates a part of the small room.
later, at a party event at which former vice-chancellor of the university of agricultural sciences, dr r dwarkeenath, was feted, ram said he and modi were poles apart.
i want to ensure it is done scientifically benefiting maximum number of farmers.
beyond that as the central government, i have nothing to say, arunjaitley told reporters when asked if the centre will help states on the issue of farm loan waivers.
while laying thrust on progress of rural areas, with particular focus on farmers, women-folk and child care, modi said he wants to leave a legacy after his five-year tenure which would be talked about in terms of exceptional achievement in the years to come.
our government is committed for the security as well as the prosperity of all sections of society, pm modi said while enumerating several of the government schemes floated by the government over past five years for farmers, tribals, nomads etc.
modi said the budget has distinct focus on farmers, youth, poor, neo-middle class and the aam nagrik (common man).
2 billion dollars in grant since the first india-africa summit in 2008, modi said it is creating 100 capacity-building institutions, and developing infrastructure, public transport, clean energy, irrigation, agriculture and manufacturing capacity across africa.
also, many other parts of india face drought at some time or the other, says r ram , senior scientist, indian council for agriculture research.
replying to queries from the media on tuesday as to whether the governor had rejected the governments recommendation, chief minister ram in kolar said, i have not seen the letter sent by the governors office as i was in ballari to monitor drought relief work on monday.
)asked if he was not ruling out the possibility of a post-poll alliance with anyone if needed, akhileshyadav said: i still want to say that the farmers, women and the youth have supported the samajwadi party.
the cm later, in the lower house, asked them to participate in the proceedings and said the state was ready to discuss the issues.
(source: ani) mandsaur farmers protest: union minister m.venkaiahnaidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
when siddaramaiah said his traditional occupation was agriculture, the enumerator entered the code 4 against the column following a prompt by his colleague.
to heal cracked heels, the onion is mashed and the paste is applied in a poultice to the heels, says deepak , a farmer.
challenging congress vice-president rahul gandhi to come clean on loan waiver to big business houses, ram said non-performing assets worth lakhs of crores of rupees were waived off during upa rule.
agriculture minister ram , while pointing out that there was a lot of corruption in the administration across the country, said aadhaar would go a long way in curbing it.
12:34pm: gandhi said to be heading towards mandsaur on a kutcha route through villages12:24pm: administration and police flustered at gandhi move12:23pm: congress workers present in huge numbers at nimbaheda to greet and welcome rahul gandhi12:21pm: nimbaheda is about 12 kilometres ahead of neemuch, one of the many centres of violence12:20pm: congress using farmers protest as a photo-op, says venkaiah naidu, dismisses demands for mp cms resignation12:16pm: special protection group accompanying congress v-p confirms gandhi is trying to enter mandsaur district via nimbaheda.
kumar uttam (@meetuttam) may 26, 20173:56pm: i want to assure people of india that the kashmir situation will soon be brought under control, says amit shah3:53pm: modi govt has met peoples aspirations, says amit shah3:51pm: ease of doing business improved, fdi inflow grew, says amit shah3:50pm: india has grown as an economic leader, says shah3:48pm: bjp president amit shah speaks to media on 3 years of modi govt2:37pm: ne of northeast would mean new economy, new energy, new empowerment, new engine, says pm modi2:32pm: pm modi launches sampada yojana- scheme for agro marine processing and development of agro processing clusters2:29pm: in new india, we have to move towards ever green revolution, says pm modi2:27pm: if northeast starts working in this (organic farming) direction, india can become one of the biggest centres of organic farming, says pm modi2:26pm: in northeast, the likelihood of organic farming is very high: pm2:24pm: we laid emphasis on pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana, says pm modi2:19pm: we cant bring change in the country through tokenism, says pm modi at his dhemaji rally2:17pm: our dream is to double farmers income by 2022, the year when india completes 75 years of independence: pm modi2:15pm: we want to bring modernisation in agriculture, says pm modi2:12pm: pm modi is addressing another rally in assams dhemaji12:19pm: pm renames dhola sadiya bridge as bhupen hazarika bridge12:18pm: within the first year of bjp rule in assam, the state is getting rid of many of its problems, says pm modi12:14pm: the bridge will save time, says pm12:12pm: the bridge will be a link in the development of two states- arunachal pradesh and assam: pm12:10pm: prime minister modi says the bridge will bring an economic revolution12:08pm: this bridge will open new avenues for the farmers, says pm modi in assam12:04pm: it is a proud moment for the country that indias longest bridge has been constructed in assam, says pm modi12:00pm: pm modi is addressing a rally in dhola, assam11:50am: congress leader kamal nath said bjp spending rs 2000 cr on celebration,3 years of modi govt can be summed up as bhashan aur aashwaasan, yeh hai mera shaasanfuturistic infrastructure that will power india's growth.
at almost every campaign rally in madhya pradesh, bjp leader shivrajsinghchouhan asks the audience if there are any beneficiaries of the congress governments farm loan waiver scheme and the crowd usually responds with a resounding no.
the trees lost over 100 tonnes of tender mangoes in the fruiting stage and considering that from fruiting to maturation stage the fruits would have developed at least 10 times, if not more, this is roughtly 1,500 tonnes of fruit fall, says ram , a farmer from srinivasapur.
, ajitpawar had said in an insensitive comment at indapur near pune on saturday that set off a controversy in the state reeling under severe drought.
interacting with the iit students, amarindersingh said he has directed the state administration to make their boarding and lodging arrangements at the punjab bhawan and kisan bhawan in chandigarh till the time institute is closed.
v ram , vice president, ici-south, said that after agriculture, construction sector was the second biggest industry in the country.
at least five farmers were killed and three others injured | ptibhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan has announced a compensation of rs 1 crore each for the next of kin of five farmers who were killed during alleged police firing in mandsaur district.
cabinet reshuffle put off due to drought, says cmbelagavi, apr 26, 2016, dhns: 1:12 istchief minister ram said the proposed cabinet expansion and reshuffle has been postponed by a month due to the prevailing drought in the state.
ram ram , a political analyst and former professor, haryana agricultural university, hissar, said that caste plays a major role in elections in the region.
siddaramaiah said: the father and the sons shed more tears as the elections approach, claiming to sympathise with the farmers and the poor.
union agriculture minister sharad pawar on saturday said he would not oppose the creation of vidarbha out of maharashtra if a majority of the people in the state wanted it.
