This makes it not only one of the most accurate, but soon to be the largest biometric system in the world," UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani said in a statement here.
briefing reporters here, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said the electronic know your customer (ekyc) service from uidai will enhance customer convenience and greatly increase business efficiency across sectors that require proof of identity and address to open customer accounts.
at uidai, we are very strict on privacy issues.
new delhi: president pranabmukherjee on sunday said that the aadhar card initiative is a watershed event in the development of the country.
jaitley also said the aadhaar should be linked with filing of income tax returns to curb tax evasions.
noting that this unique identification number is now becoming an internal passport and gateway to various services for indians, nilekani said by working with various regulators they have ensured that this id is sufficient to get their services.
ashok dalwai, deputy director of the uidai regional office, bangalore, said uidai, in a bid to reduce processing time, had enhanced the capacity of the central identification repository to process 10 lakh packets per day from the current five lakh.
We have been able to achieve this speed and scale due to our multiple registrar model, as well as scalable technical architecture," UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani said.
union finance minister pranabmukherjee , who was also present at the function, said this uid project will help in improving the delivery mechanism of social welfare schemes.
After the BJP government took charge, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had asked UIDAI to fast-track the enrolment process.
end-to-end security of resident data has also been given major priority, said ashok dalwai, deputy director-general, uidai.
agriculture minister ram , while pointing out that there was a lot of corruption in the administration across the country, said aadhaar would go a long way in curbing it.
they can log on to the uidai website, enter their enrolment number and take a printout of the e-aadhaar card which can be used for various schemes till the actual aadhaar number arrives , said uidai deputy director-general ashok dalwai.
the planning commission today said the nandan nilekani-led uidai project is better than the one being advocated by the home ministry for capturing data regarding residents and improving the delivery of the government schemes.
UIDAI regional deputy director Ashok Dalwai said the Centre has asked regional offices to furnish a database on Aadhaar-linked beneficiaries (existing and proposed) under various public services like subsidized LPG, pension schemes, student scholarship and PDS.
addressing the sebi board, jaitley also said the passage of new aadhar law would help in expanding investor base in securities market via kyc (know your client) simplification by greater use of technology.
on wednesday, finance minister arun jaitley said that an aadhaar card could become the sole identifier for a person in future.
the need for this (aadhar) and the utility for this has been universally recognised across states, says arun jaitley, union finance minister.
also, an individual seeking another aadhaar number on the same biometric details is sure to be caught by the uidai as biometrics are unique to a person.
in a bid to promote aadhaar-based payment system, especially in rural pockets, uidai has favoured incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions, in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents.
elaborating on implementation issues, ramesh said the government claims to have saved rs 49,000 crore lpg subsidies by linking with aadhaar but a cag report has debunked this in a recent report.
chidambaram also said the government was mulling incorporating aadhar numbers in the future resident identity cards of the national population register(npr), which falls under the home ministry.
gandhinagar: chief minister narendra modi has asked officials to expedite the issuing of aadhar cards and take up this campaign on mission mode.
just recently it was reported that rajnath singh is considering the merger of aadhaar with the national population register (npr) exercise.
modi said that day was not far when reputed universities of the world will come to india to conduct case studies on the bhim-aadhaar app.
now, in a more ambitious version of programmes that have slashed poverty in brazil and mexico, the government has begun to use the uid database, known as aadhaar, to make direct cash transfers to the poor, in an attempt to cut out frauds who siphon billions of dollars from welfare schemes.
aadhaar is a game changer, arunjaitley said.
modi said through aadhaar and cellphones, his government has launched jan dhan yojana and opened 330 million new bank accounts in three years.
They can log on to the UIDAI website, enter their enrolment number and take a printout of the e-Aadhaar card which can be used for various schemes till the actual Aadhaar number arrives , said UIDAI deputy director-general Ashok Dalwai.
demonetisation +times of india litfest +new delhi:will hasten the digitisation of the financial economy and financial inclusion, said nandan nilekani , former chairman of the unique identification authority of india, at thetoday.
emphasising on transparency in the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme (mnregs), yogiadityanath said that active workers should be linked with aadhaar-based payment system.
ranchi: unique identification authority of india (uidai) chairman nandan nilekani asked chief minister arjun munda to issue a notification declaring aadhaar numbers as the basis of identity and residential proof of the aadhaar number holder, following which different service delivery mechanisms could be lawfully linked with the beneficiary.
moving the bill for consideration and passage earlier, jaitley said targeted subsidy through aadhar cards of lpg consumers had resulted in savings of over rs 15000 crore at the centre.
uidai chairman nandan nilekani said the government is using state-of-the-art technology to ensure aadhaar provides the best service for the people.
speaking at a seminar organised by assocham, lavasa said aadhaar has brought efficiency in public spending and removed corruption.
we are simply providing a data bank of identity and residence proof and as munda government has expressed interest in linking it with pds, mgnrega payment, payment of scholarship to students and old age pension through aadhaar numbers, other states and the centre need to expedite the process of linking different service delivery mechanisms with the aadhaar number, he said.
as nandan nilekani says, with the use of aadhar-enabled ekyc, shifting from one operator to another (number portability) can be done in 15 minutes against up to seven days now.
aadhaar enrolment will be speeded up: siddaramaiahbangalore, may 26, 2013, dhns : 1:57 istchief minister ram on sunday said the government will take measures to speed up the aadhaar enrolment drive and the entire population of the state will be covered within one year.
mumbai: uidai chairman nandan nilekani said it platforms could open up a huge app economy, transforming the way healthcare and education services are delivered in the country.
As parties like BJD opposed the move to make Aadhaar mandatory for filing of Income Tax returns and making PAN application, Jaitley said linking of Aadhaar with PAN was necessary as people have multiple PAN cards and are using it as a tool for tax evasion".
at the recent global conference on cyberspace, prime minister modi said, i am sure most of you are already aware of aadhaar, which is the unique biometric identity of a personthrough better targeting of subsidies, the jam (jan dhan-aadhaar-mobile) trinity has prevented leakages to the tune of nearly $10 billion so far.
Delivering the Eighth Annual Richard H Sabot Lecture 'Technology to Leapfrog Development: The Aadhaar Experience' organised by Center for Global Development - a Washington- based think-tank, Nilekani said UIDAI has leveraged the state of the art technology of the present days to provide unique identification number to every resident of the country".
Quick verificationThe pilot project on opening bank accounts with Aadhar information is operational in three banks in Tumkur district of Karnataka, UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani told Deccan Herald.
aadhaar as the foundation of electronic transfer of benefits to beneficiaries of various social sector schemes should yield significant benefits, said nandan nilekani, chairman, uidai, addressing a press conference in new delhi on friday.
there is considerable ease in using aadhaar-based authentication apart from several advantages with the entire process being realti me, uidai ceo ajay bhushan pandey told toi.
we will make all  5.58 lakh ration shops aadhar-enabled by june 30.
Aadhar chairman Nandan Nilekani said all certified partners would be able to embed authentication features in their applications.
the unique identity authority of india has been roped in to connect with mobile manufacturers to allow aadhaar-enabled banking transactions.
ssp lucknow deepakkumar said the gang used to advertise on social networking sites , inviting application from unemployed people willing to open customer service centre (csc) for issuance of aadhaar card, pan card, income certificate, caste certificate, domicile certificate and providing money transfer facility.
at the recent global conference on cyberspace, prime minister narendramodi said, i am sure most of you are already aware of aadhaar, which is the unique biometric identity of a personthrough better targeting of subsidies, the jam (jan dhan-aadhaar-mobile) trinity has prevented leakages to the tune of nearly $10 billion so far.
aadhaar project would use today's latest and modern technology , said dr. singh.
asked if the union government has proposed to link any project with aadhaar, nilekani said organizations like central board for direct taxes that issues pan and passport offices have expressed interest in liking up.
the centre recently notified the new aadhar act which gives the numbers assigned by it a statutory backing for transfer of subsidies and benefits to people eligible for them.
delivering the eighth annual richard h sabot lecture 'technology to leapfrog development: the aadhaar experience' organised by center for global development - a washington- based think-tank, nilekani said uidai has leveraged the state of the art technology of the present days to provide unique identification number to every resident of the country.
modi said: i want you to work to ensure that each account holder enrols for aadhaar and seeds it in the bank account.
chidambaram also said the government was mulling incorporating aadhar numbers in the future resident identity cards of the national population register(npr),which falls under the home ministry.
new delhi: president pranab mukherjee on sunday said that the aadhar card initiative is a watershed event in the development of the country.
addressing the function,upa chairperson sonia gandhi said the aadhar scheme gives identity to the common man and is a tool to claim benefits.
we have to give everyone an identity card (and) aadhaar is as good an identity as any, said gandhi , women and child development minister.
at a joint press conference today,union home minister p chidambaram,nilekani and planning commission deputy chairman montek singh put up a united front,saying the npr and uid projects will proceed alongside to ensure that all indian citizens have a unique number by june 2013.
complete 'aadhar' coverage in karnataka by june next: cmbangalore, july 16, 2013 (pti): 18:03 istkarnataka chief minister ram today said plans have been formulated to cover the entire state under the 'aadhaar' project by june next year.
this makes it not only one of the most accurate, but soon to be the largest biometric system in the world, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said in a statement here.
UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani said the government is using state-of-the-art technology to ensure Aadhaar provides the best service for the people.
and across the states, we find an urge now, that they want to get out of the rigmarole and see brighter ways, ram said, adding that the roll out of the gst, aadhar platform and mobile connectivity were creating conditions for inclusive growth.
dalwai said the second phase of aadhaar enrolments would be more stringent and foolproof, both at the enrolment level and data uploading level.
new delhi: the central government is planning to make all ration shops under the public distribution system in the country aadhaar-enabled by june 30 this year, it minister ravi shankar prasad today said.
quick verificationthe pilot project on opening bank accounts with aadhar information is operational in three banks in tumkur district of karnataka, uidai chairman nandan nilekani told deccan herald.
dalwai in his reply said that the money spent on the project is subject to audit by the comptroller and auditor general (cag)prabhakar said that payments under the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme (mgnregs) can be accounted for and it will be sent directly to the beneficiaries accounts, which can be operated by the beneficiaries using their uid cards.
speaking about the enrolments, nilekani said that the 12-digit unique identity number -- aadhar -- has been provided to 37 million people across the country and very soon over one million people will enrol for unique identity number every day.
every month 2 crore accounts are being seeded with aadhaar, prasad said.
Nilekani also said that UID is working with the Ministry of Finance and the Department of Financial Services on financial inclusion, with Oil Ministry on LPG subsidy reforms, with Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers on fertilizer reforms, Human Resource Development Ministry on integration of Aakash and Department of Telecom for providing Aadhar as know your customer (KYC) for mobile connections.
aadhaar is robust, safe, secure and totally accountable, prasad told reporters here.
we have been able to achieve this speed and scale due to our multiple registrar model, as well as scalable technical architecture, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said.
not only will this service streamline the process of on-boarding new customers but it will also simplify the process of linking existing customer accounts to their respective aadhaar numbers in an easy, yet secure manner, said nilekani.
this is not a tactical, but a strategic partnership, where uidai will leverage the existing infrastructure of the dop to reach out to the masses for providing uid, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said while signing the agreement.
jan dhan-aadhar-mobile trinity, commonly known as jam, helped the government save leakages worth rs 36,000 crore in subsidies and benefits provided to the poor, during the last one year, union minister ravi shankar prasad today said.
all aadhar-based applications would be accessible through post offices.
india has strong infrastructure and one of the best aadhar-enabled payment systems in the world which is besed on fingerprints, naidu said, calling it a low hanging fruit in course of the switchover to digital mode.
aadhaar platform is now ready to support payments under various schemes directly to the beneficiaries accounts in select areas, mukherjee said.
i want to really emphasise that aadhar platform is the biggest anti-corruption platform in the world.
The Griha Aadhar scheme has helped households get proper and nutritious diet in the face of inflation," Parrikar said, adding that just a few instances when these schemes have been misused cannot serve as the grounds for depriving the rest of the beneficiaries".
nilekani, an ex-it czar, said rural job and pension schemes along with public distribution system can be linked to aadhar numbers.
we brought dbtl and took advantage of bank accounts opened under jan dhan scheme and aadhaar numbers to give subsidy straight to consumers, modi said.
melbourne: aadhaar project is an example of using modern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country, uidai chairman nandan nilekani has said.
Ashok Dalwai, Deputy Director, Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) said unique identification (UID) card was a legal database collection system and there was no chance of the data being misused.
new delhi: microsoft ceo satyanadella on wednesday announced the integration of skype and aadhaar to launch the skype lite for low speed mobile internet connections, which will be supported by aadhaar and will enable technology that can empower people and organisations.
speaking at the inauguration of the direct benefit transfer (dbt) scheme in lpg subsidy, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said on saturday that the state government and the authority would launch a massive enrolment drive in the next few months.
modi has also asked bankers to ensure that all jan dhan bank accounts are linked to aadhaar or unique identification numbers allotted to people.
uidai deputy director general (bangalore regional office) ashok dalwai told deccan herald that the software - which is more accurate and contains more security features - would be simultaneously released in all 18 states where uidai is operating.
first, we will introduce the targeted delivery of financial and other subsidiary benefits services by using the aadhaar framework.
rohatgi said linking pan with aadhaar was needed to curb the practice of tax evasion and to keep tabs on the circulation of black money as pan was not a foolproof deterrent.
claiming that the social benefits of a universal identity system was immense, mr. dalwai said, in the long-term, the card would reduce the number of bogus ration cards, and could even help in extending credit to the rural poor when they use their uid number for transactions.
new delhi, jan 24, 2015 (pti) 15:30 istall jan dhan bank accounts should be linked to aadhaar, prime minister narendramodi said today while asking bankers to speed up this process and redouble efforts on financial literacy.
aadhaar platform is now ready to support payments under various schemes directly to the beneficiaries accounts in select areas, pranabmukherjee said.
Large amounts to be saved by routing subsidy through Aadhar:GovtNew Delhi, Mar 11, 2016 (PTI) 18:39 ISTThousands of crore rupees will be saved by routing government subsidy through the Aadhaar system, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said today, as the Lok Sabha passed a Bill to give statutory backing to the unique identity number scheme.
mr. pandey said a lot of planning has gone into jam over the last six years and he was happy to see all the three things (jan dhan bank accounts, aadhar numbers and mobile phone numbers) integrated with great efficiency in krishna district.
nilekani said aadhaar identity cards were accepted as valid documents under the know your customer (kyc) norms for opening bank accounts, securing mobile connections and getting cooking gas connections.
unique identification authority of india (uidai), the nodal body responsible for rolling out the aadhaar programme in the country, has also come out in favour of incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions, in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents, in a bid to promote aadhaar-based payment system in rural pockets.
agartala: union minister jairam ramesh has said 'aadhaar' numbers, the unique 12-digit identification numbers given to residents of india, would be used to provide different social pensions, mgnrega wages to workers and scholarships to students.
nilekani also said that uid is working with the ministry of finance and the department of financial services on financial inclusion, with oil ministry on lpg subsidy reforms, with ministry of chemicals and fertilizers on fertilizer reforms, human resource development ministry on integration of aakash and department of telecom for providing aadhar as know your customer (kyc) for mobile connections.
addressing the function, upa chairperson sonia gandhi said the aadhaar scheme not only gives identity to the common man but is also a tool to claim benefits.
citing provisions under the aadhaar act, 2016, shukla said no core biometric information, collected or created under the act, shall be shared with anyone for any reason whatsoever; or used for any purpose other than generation of aadhaar numbers and authentication under the act.
Briefing reporters here, UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani said the electronic Know Your Customer (eKYC) service from UIDAI will enhance customer convenience and greatly increase business efficiency across sectors that require proof of identity and address to open customer accounts.
citing his government's schemes like jan dhan yojana and aadhaar, modi said these efforts have saved more than rs 1,10,000 crore of public money from going to fake beneficiaries.
??? At Dudu only, Aadhaar enabled system of social sector, Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) and pension scheme will be implemented, UIDAI (Unique Identification Authority of India) chairman Nandan Nilekani told reporters here.
the aadhaar integrated services would ensure that the services reached the right person, preventing wastage or diversion of benefits, mr. dalwai said.
observing that at present, over 113 crore residents in india have aadhaar, prasad said that aadhaar is safe, let me say proudly that the data is secure.
ashok dalwai, deputy director-general (tech centre), unique identification authority of india (uidai), said here on saturday that the uidai is working with various state governments to integrate aadhaar with various social sector service delivery programmes, for efficient delivery of services to the beneficiaries.
we have launched our website in five languages for communicating to a larger audience across the country on issues related to aadhaar.
ashok dalwai, deputy director, unique identification authority of india (uidai) said unique identification (uid) card was a legal database collection system and there was no chance of the data being misused.
aadhaar project is to solve the problem of people who do not have an acknowledgement of their existence by people and the state or lack of acknowledgement of their identity, he said.
by giving benefits directly to the needy, complaints of dishonesty and delay will reduce, singh said at a function where he handed over aadhar number '21 crore' to a villager here.
now, the thumb (used for aadhaar-based transactions) has become your strength, said modi.
new delhi, jan 24, 2015 (pti) 15:30 istall jan dhan bank accounts should be linked to aadhaar, prime minister modi said today while asking bankers to speed up this process and redouble efforts on financial literacy.
nilekani added that uid would create for the first time in the country a national devices' infrastructure that is inter-operable .
aadhaar will provide a big platform to fight corruption, said uidai chairman nandan nilekani, who is expected to contest forthcoming lok sabha elections on congress ticket.
Aadhaar example of using technology to leapfrog: NilekaniMelbourne, Oct 16, 2013, (PTI) : 9:29 ISTAadhaar project is an example ofusingmodern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country, UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani has said".
???? In a review meeting, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told the officers that Aadhar card numbers may also be seeded with bank accounts as the same will help in directly transferring the subsidies to the bank accounts of the desired sections of the society under Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) scheme.
speaking at an assocham event, lavasa said aadhaar can become the single identity proof for an array of services.
but he said the aadhaar platform lent itself to numerous other possibilities - including as an electronic kyc (know your customer) and to transfer money between two people.
bank mitras need to be enabled to carry out rupay card and aadhaar enabled transactions in villages itself, the pm said.
in a facebook post titled 'benefits of the aadhaar - where it stands today', arunjaitley said its use in the delivery of subsidies has helped saved rs 90,000 crore in the last few years till march 2018 by eliminating several duplicates, non-existent and fake beneficiaries.
the use of a fake aadhaar id will prove more hazardous to criminals as compared to spurious ration or election cards as biometric data can identify an individual with more certainty.
Moving the bill for consideration and passage earlier, Jaitley said targeted subsidy through Aadhar cards of LPG consumers had resulted in savings of over Rs 15000 crore at the Centre.
large amounts to be saved by routing subsidy through aadhar:govtnew delhi, mar 11, 2016 (pti) 18:39 istthousands of crore rupees will be saved by routing government subsidy through the aadhaar system, finance minister arun jaitley said today, as the lok sabha passed a bill to give statutory backing to the unique identity number scheme.
and those who don't have phones need simply use their aadhar cards to make payments at micro-atms, nilekani said.
But overall, the entire State will be covered by March 2014, Nilekani said and added that the State had been in the forefront of the UID programme and the linkage with direct benefit transfer schemes had also been a success in Karnataka.
nilekani said aadhaar would make the life of india's 400 million migrants simpler.
defending his stand to contest on a congress ticket in the light of several corruption charges the party was facing, nilekani said: please understand that aadhaar is the worlds largest anti-corruption platform.
dharwad: aadhaar is not only a foundation of unique identification of residents of india, but also the sheet anchor for all the services and facilities, a resident of india is entitled to get from the government said deputy director general 'aadhaar' uidai regional office (bangalore) ashok dalwai.
however, keeping the drought in view, ram has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to aadhaar till april 30.
prasad said the government saved about rs 50,000 crore lpg subsidy due to the linking of aadhaar card with jhan dhan accounts.
| file photonew delhi: aadhaar becoming an identity proof for every indian is now a distinct possibility, finance secretary ashok lavasa said on wednesday.
ashok dalwai, deputy director-general, uidai regional office, bangalore, said while the response to the project has so far been excellent, there is no deadline to get the uid.
Aadhar is to be linked with everything now and is making good progress in Delhi, Ms. Dikshit said after the meeting.
terming it as a transformative piece of legislation, mr. jaitley said a social security platform will be developed using aadhaar to accurately target beneficiaries.
Speaking about the enrolments, Nilekani said that the 12-digit unique identity number -- Aadhar -- has been provided to 37 million people across the country and very soon over one million people will enrol for unique identity number every day.
Claiming that over  106.69 crore Aadhaar numbers have been generated across the country as on Friday, UIDAI chief executive officer Ajay Bhushan Pandey said a special drive will start from October 15 to November 15, 2016, and it is aimed at targeting the floating population and leftover residents.
at uidai, we are very strict on the privacy issue.
at dudu only, aadhaar enabled system of social sector, mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme (mgnregs) and pension scheme will be implemented, uidai (unique identification authority of india) chairman nandan nilekani told reporters here.
unique identification authority chief nandan nilekeni asked the state authorities to play a model role in introduction of aadhar numbers that will help in implementation of social schemes.
Speaking at the same programme earlier, UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani had said the authority will beat the target of generating 60 crore Aadhaar numbers before schedule in the next few months.
first uid number was doled out on september 29, 2010, at a village in maharashtra within 14 months of the project taking off whereas the deadline was set at 18 months, he said, adding that they were confident of issuing 60 crore aadhaar numbers by 2014 as per the target planned.
we plan to increase the language versions in the future, so that residents who have access to the internet are able to view important information in a language that they are comfortable with, said nandan nilekani, chairman uidai while launching the multilingual website from uidai tech centre, bengaluru.
he also spoke about the special task force constituted by the union ministry of finance to directly link subsidies on lpg, kerosene and fertilizers with aadhaar number holders.
aadhaar example of using technology to leapfrog: nilekanimelbourne, oct 16, 2013, (pti) : 9:29 istaadhaar project is an example ofusingmodern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country, uidai chairman nandan nilekani has said.
1 bn Aadhaar cards soonTalking about Aadhaar, Nilekani said 910 million people have the cards and this number will reach one billion by March 2016.
nilekani said the aadhaar cards, already distributed among 60 crore people, will touch the 100 crore mark by the end of 2015.
pm demands 'concrete' results of dbt schemenew delhi, june 19, 2015, dhns: 0:58 istwith the government saving up to 15 per cent in direct benefit transfers of subsidies to the beneficiaries, prime minister modi on thursday asked authorities to accelerate the delivery of benefits and expand the applications for the aadhaar (unique identification) card.
uidai will eventually increase its biometric authentication capacity to 40 crore, uidai chief executive officer ajay bhushan pandey told reporters here.
as of now, 14 banks have come on board for aadhaar pay and the service will be launched soon, prasad said told reporters.
uidai is currently working with banks and the national payments corporation of india (npci) and expects to roll out the feature in the next few weeks.
Dalwai said the second phase of Aadhaar enrolments would be more stringent and foolproof, both at the enrolment level and data uploading level.
but overall, the entire state will be covered by march 2014, nilekani said and added that the state had been in the forefront of the uid programme and the linkage with direct benefit transfer schemes had also been a success in karnataka.
mysore: for the marginalized, illiterate and vulnerable groups, aadhaar will come as a boon to would turn into boon for marginalized or vulnerable groups to get access many services with a help of single identity number opined, said nandan nilekani, chairman, unique identification authority of india (uidai).
the goal, nilekani said, is to achieve widespread diffusion of aadhaar platform knowledge across new entrepreneurial ventures and existing software companies to assist and nurture aadhaar capabilities.
the monies saved through aadhaar is money fruitfully employed for the poor elsewhere, arunjaitley said.
The scheme to pay this compensation has now been incorporated into the Shetkari Adhar Nidhi scheme of the agriculture department, Parrikar said.
complete 'aadhar' coverage in karnataka by june next: cmbangalore, july 16, 2013 (pti): 18:03 istkarnataka chief minister siddaramaiah today said plans have been formulated to cover the entire state under the 'aadhaar' project by june next year.
Not only will this service streamline the process of on-boarding new customers but it will also simplify the process of linking existing customer accounts to their respective Aadhaar numbers in an easy, yet secure manner, said Nilekani.
(pti)mumbai: prime minister modi who paid floral tributes to dr. babasaheb ambedkar on the occasion of his birth anniversary at deekshabhoomi in nagpur, said the bhim aadhaar is the strongest foundation of a new economy and a new india that dr ambedkar had envisaged.
Progress so farState Enrolled Uploaded Aadhaar card generatedKarnataka 1,59,37,059 1,55,36,169 1,33,19,240Tamil Nadu 30,37,149 29,53,854 27,27,574Puducherry 9,11,244 8,82,803 7,74,646Kerala 71,15,818 65,74,719 55,48,154Total 2,70,01,270 2,59,47,545 2,23,69,614Source: UIDAIEnrol from anywhereWhen questioned about citizens who have missed out on enrolling in the first phase and whether there would be enrolment centres in the districts which have been already covered, Dalwai said anybody could enrol from any part of the State or country, provided they have the necessary documents.
aadhar to bring transparency in welfare schemes: pmnew delhi, aug 15, 2012, (ians): 9:57 istthe government wanted to create a system through which money from central welfare schemes could be credited directly into bank accounts of beneficiaries and would utilise the unique identification number aadhar scheme for this, prime minister manmohan singh said wednesday.
new delhi: the unique identification authority of india (uidai) will move the supreme court to explain its position related to the aadhaar scheme and also make a bid to save the upa's showpiece initiative which aims at ensuring transparency in accessing public services and payment of subsidies.
prasad said, the higher the linkages with the aadhaar number, the more we have in terms of seamless digital transactions.
Dharwad: "Aadhaar is not only a foundation of unique identification of residents of India, but also the sheet anchor for all the services and facilities, a resident of India is entitled to get from the government said deputy director general 'Aadhaar' UIDAI regional office (Bangalore) Ashok Dalwai.
we are going to make payment through aadhar-linked (bank) accounts in 46 districts, rural development minister jairam ramesh said.
in a facebook post titled 'benefits of the aadhaar - where it stands today', arunjaitley said its use in the delivery of subsidies has helped saved rs 90,000 crore in the last few years till march 2018 by eliminating several duplicate, non-existent and fake beneficiaries.
Dalwai said even those residents whose enrolments have been rejected can approach the enrolment centres with necessary documents and go for fresh enrolments.
Acknowledging slip-ups in the Aadhaar enrolment process, UIDAI deputy director general Ashok Dalwai told TOI there have been cases where an operator's fingerprints had been registered instead of the applicant's.
Modi said the banks should redouble efforts in financial literacy and seeding of Aadhar numbers with bank accounts needs to improve.
when referred to the leakage of aadhaar details of cricketer m s dhoni, arunjaitley said it was the result of an immature act by somebody in ranchi against whom action has been taken.
modi said the banks should redouble efforts in financial literacy and seeding of aadhar numbers with bank accounts needs to improve.
Dalwai said that one would be asked to re-enrol for Aadhaar, if the collected data failed in the quality check for validations.
photo of ms dhoni posted on twitter by cscegov handle photo of ms dhoni posted on twitter by cscegov handlethe centre which, on tuesday, leaked the aadhaar data of former indian cricket captain mahendra singh dhoni on twitter has been blacklisted for 10 years by uidai, reported news agency pti.
the report states: based on the numbers available on the websites looked at, the estimated number of aadhaar numbers leaked through these 4 portals could be around 130-135 million (13- 13.5 crore) and the number of bank accounts numbers leaked at around 100 million (10 crore) from the specific portals we looked at.
it is wrong on the part of the centre to come up with a directive that a person cannot get pension or withdraw money from bank without aadhar, mamatabanerjee said.
acknowledging slip-ups in the aadhaar enrolment process, uidai deputy director general ashok dalwai told toi there have been cases where an operator's fingerprints had been registered instead of the applicant's.
Dalwai said the response received by UIDAI was too overwhelming and that there was an immediate need to enhance infrastructure, especially pertaining to processing of enrolments.
the poorest of the poor, the marginalised people will be the worst sufferers if #aadhaar is made mandatory unilaterally, mamatabanerjee said in a tweet.
the uidai has also sought technical details on how access was gained for the national social assistance programme (nsap) site -- one of the four portals where the alleged leak happened.
The ambitious project - which has issued unique identification numbers to more than 380 million people, which is large than the population of several large countries in just a few years - would still take a few more years before every Indian resident is issued with this unique number and the card having the biometric information of the individual, Nilekani told a Washington audience.
answering congress' charge that the bharatiya janata party and its leaders, including current prime minister narendra modi, when in opposition had opposed the idea of aadhaar, prasad said that bjp was against it as personal information of the people was being collected in absence of any law in relation to it.
we will review aadhaar project if bjp-led nda comes to power and look into its flaws.
lets assume there is no aadhaar but some information that is contained in some network gets hacked or gets leaked, that is because of the technology used there, jaitley said.
if there are no banks or post office, how can one avail direct benefit transfer as there are lots of sc st people who dont have aadhar card, mamatabanerjee said.
the upa legislation, arunjaitley said, was inadequate as it did not contain adequate safeguards on privacy and did not mention for which purpose the uid would be used.
the introduction of aadhaar bill as a 'money bill' was nothing but a brazen and mala fide attempt to bypass the approval of rajya sabha which holds an important place in the constitutional and democratic framework of lawmaking, ramesh said while challenging the constitutional validity of the aadhar act.
insisting that a series of conditions are specified in article 110 and that article 110 uses the word only if those conditions are prevalent can a bill be declared a money bill, ramesh had said that the aadhaar bill, which was passed as a money bill ignored five recommendations made by the rajya sabha.
last week, mamatabanerjee had said publicly that she would not link her mobile phone number with aadhaar, as required by the government, and had dared the authorities to cut off her connection.
amendments must be made to the aadhaar act, 2016, after the enactment of a data protection law, in order to bring the act in consonance with the data protection framework, shashitharoor said.
ahluwalia, who was the chief guest at the aadhaar card issuing authority uidai's function here this morning, told his audience during the course of his speech that he had lost his unique identification card.
on the bjps promise to shut down the aadhaar system as it is allegedly helping illegal bangladeshi immigrants to enrol, nilekani said: its very clearly mentioned that aadhaar is only an id card and does not prove ones citizenship.
, to residents and in that process, they were illegally obtaining the Aadhaar number/enrolment details from the residents, UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey said in a statement.
the software sometimes fails to read fingerprints and aadhaar card details of beneficiaries, forcing them to return without their monthly quota of subsidised foodgrain, modi said.
stating that he himself does not have an aadhaar card, ramesh said a situation may arise when it may be needed even to book a flight or get a phone number.
admitting to glitches, ashok dalwai, uidai chief, said, we plan to finish the process by the end of the year.
finance minister arun jaitley, while clarifying the points raised by members, said it had been judicially settled in many countries, including the united states, that if an individual wants to claim specific government benefits, asking him or her to enrol for a aadhaar like programme is not unjust.
making aadhaar mandatory for availing subsidies was resulting in exclusion of beneficiaries and the government cannot claim to have saved huge subsidies by this, he said.
the ambitious project - which has issued unique identification numbers to more than 380 million people, which is large than the population of several large countries in just a few years - would still take a few more years before every indian resident is issued with this unique number and the card having the biometric information of the individual, nilekani told a washington audience.
last month the sc ruled that aadhaar can only be issued to those with proven indian nationality and cannot be mandatory for accessing public services and subsidies.
on the impact of the supreme court statement that the government should not make aadhaar mandatory for availing social benefits, nilekani said that the matter was sub-judice and would come up for its final hearing on september 22.
nandan nilekani , uidai chairman, said the remittance facility demonstrated one of the many uses of aadhaar.
swinging into action, the unique identification authority of india (uidai) has reached out to its regional offices to, in turn, sensitise enrollment agencies to strictly adhere to the rules of enrollment, even as the erring operator has been blacklisted.
aadhaar new delhi (pti): the government has set a target to enrol about 60 crore people by the end of 2014 under the unique identification authority of india (uidai) enabled aadhaar cards, its chairperson nandan nilekani said on thursday.
what sterilisation was to the emergency, aadhaar seeding is becoming to your government.
Jaitley further said that the some personal information can be shared with the consent of individual but core bio-metric details cannot be shared even with the consent of individual.
jaitley said discussion on the institution of aadhar has been going on for over seven years after the then upa government approved a bill in september, 2010 and introduced it in parliament that december.
Nilekani said plans are on track to issue Aadhaar numbers to 600 million (60 crore) people in three to three-and-half years.
they know when they make specially designed biometric fingerprint scanner for aadhaar and put another lock as per uidai's requirement, it will sell in the market.
speaking at the same programme earlier, uidai chairman nandan nilekani had said the authority will beat the target of generating 60 crore aadhaar numbers before schedule in the next few months.
bangalore: a governmental group is looking at how to converge two major national identification projects, nandan nilekani , chairman of the unique identification authority of india (uidai), said here on friday.
however, keeping the drought in view, siddaramaiah has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to aadhaar till april 30.
in the next phase, the operations would be scaled up in the entire mysore district, uidai chief nandan nilekani said.
Those whose Aadhaar card has been delayed in delivery can log on to the UID website and key in their enrolment number and take a print of their e-Aadhaar card, which is as valid as the Aadhaar card itself," said Dalwai.
1.7 million cardssaying that there has been an improvement in the frequency in generating aadhaar cards per day ever since it was launched in 2010, dalwai said  1.2 million aadhaar cards were generated every day presently.
uidai chairman nandan nilekani has also said that the strategy of the project will be reviewed and its processes may be changed.
uidai deputy director general ashok dalwai said the data centre in bangalore is unique and it would store biometric and demographic data of people enrolled under aadhaar throughout the country.
If a person has a paper Aadhaar card, there is absolutely no need to get his/her Aadhaar card laminated or obtain a plastic Aadhaar card or so called SMART Aadhaar card by paying money, Ajay Bhushan Pandey, CEO of UIDAI, said in a statement.
uidai deputy director general ashok dalwai said that the proposed centres require enrolment kits, which cost rs  1.5 lakh each.
deputy chairman of planning commission montek singh ahluwalia told toi that uidai will detail its position on the aadhaar system to the apex court in an affidavit to be filed shortly.
jaitley said the uidai had been conceptualised by the previous upa dispensation and the nda government is putting it to use with 98 per cent adults or more than 108 crore people in india having been issued aadhaar number.
nearly 15-16 lakh biometric devices are currently being used for aadhaar authentication across the country.
1 bn aadhaar cards soontalking about aadhaar, nilekani said 910 million people have the cards and this number will reach one billion by march 2016.
In his address at the conference, Mr. Naidu said mobile banking transactions were the only alternative to come out of the present currency crisis and asked the Collectors to encourage the mobile phone-based banking transactions seeded with Aadhar numbers in the urban areas to mitigate the impact of the cash crunch.
Additionally, as I will elaborate later, we will undertake significant reform including enactment of a law to ensure all government benefits are conferred to people who deserve it by giving a statutory backing to the Aadhar platform," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said while announcing Union Budget 2016-17.
pressing for the scrutiny of the speakers decision to certify the aadhaar bill as money bill, ram said it is important to see what can be certified as money bill.
there is no concept such as smart or plastic aadhaar card, ajay bhushan pandey , ceo of uidai, said in a statement.
GANDHINAGAR: Chief minister Narendra Modi has asked officials to expedite the issuing of Aadhar cards and take up this campaign on mission mode.
prime minister modi has repeatedly said that state governments should map their department databases with aadhaar to address irregularities.
dalwai said no one should apply more than once for an aadhaar card unless he/she receives a rejection letter from the uidai.
Bank Mitras need to be enabled to carry out RuPay card and Aadhaar enabled transactions in villages itself, the PM said".
now, the thumb (used for aadhaar-based transactions) has become your strength, modi said.
nandan nilekani, regarded as the father of the aadhaar card idea, had said soon after the card was made mandatory for direct benefit transfers in this year's budget that this has become central to the government's transformation agenda and will help clear ambiguity in the courts.
questioning the legitimacy of the uidai and the governments claim that aadhaar is the biggest tool to eradicate corruption in the country, justice (retd) k s puttaswamy, the main petitioner in the pil filed in the supreme court on uiadi, mathew thomas, managing trustee of the fifth estate, somasekhar v k, managing trustee of grahak shakti, and sunil abraham, ceo, centre for internet and society, on thursday announced that they would be soon filing a contempt petition in the apex court.
watch video: the big picture of arun jaitleys budget 2016we will undertake significant reforms, such as the enactment of a law to ensure that all government benefits are conferred upon persons who deserve it, by giving a statutory backing to the aadhar platform, he said in speech for union budget 2016-17.
we will bring it (uidai bill) in the next monsoon session of parliament instead of the forthcoming budget session, planning commission deputy chairman montek singh ahluwalia told pti.
pm modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
fielding criticism from opposition parties such as the congress, the bjd and the tmc over aadhaar being made mandatory for income tax purposes, arunjaitley said in told the lok sabha, yes, we are making aadhaar mandatory.
at a recent high-level meeting of pragati (pro-active governance and timely implementation), modi asked unique identification authority of india (uidai) and chief secretaries of states such as up and bihar which are lagging behind to accelerate and complete enrollment of all residents by december 2015.
the mobile phone is a bigger tool of surveillance than aadhaar.
speaking to reporters after launching a new revenue department website which facilitates online procurement of residence and income certificates and registration of property, manoharparrikar said those without an aadhar card will have to apply for the documents in person.
when asked whether the modi government had borrowed his (aadhar) legacy and pushed it as its own, nilekani said:i'm happy that it's not only been adopted.
Eighty per cent of the two million individuals, who have been enrolled for the unique Aadhar number so far, have requested for bank accounts, said Nilekani while addressing the Nasscom Leadership Forum 2011.
progress so farstate enrolled uploaded aadhaar card generatedkarnataka 1,59,37,059 1,55,36,169 1,33,19,240tamil nadu 30,37,149 29,53,854 27,27,574puducherry 9,11,244 8,82,803 7,74,646kerala 71,15,818 65,74,719 55,48,154total 2,70,01,270 2,59,47,545 2,23,69,614source: uidaienrol from anywherewhen questioned about citizens who have missed out on enrolling in the first phase and whether there would be enrolment centres in the districts which have been already covered, dalwai said anybody could enrol from any part of the state or country, provided they have the necessary documents.
our toll-free helpline 1947, which has been revamped to handle more incoming calls, brings aadhaar closer to everyone.
Modi said the BHIM app is "unstoppable".
having participated in a daylong discussion with officials from bihar, west bengal and jharkhand besides representatives of national-level registrars like banks, lici, post offices and other central government agencies notified as national registrars, nilekani said uidai has achieved the targets well within time.
16: chief minister mamatabanerjee today said trinamul mps would meet the prime minister soon to protest the centre's alleged efforts to make aadhaar cards mandatory by september for direct benefit-transfer schemes.
there is no sub-contracting allowed under the scheme, ashok dalwai, deputy director-general of the uidai regional office in bangalore, told the hindu .
aadhar chairman nandan nilekani said all certified partners would be able to embed authentication features in their applications.
ramesh had said that jaitley, in his attempt to justify the decision to treat aadhaar as money bill, had misled the house by claiming that in the past two bills, one on juvenile justice and another on african development bank, too had been brought as money bills.
those without aadhar numbers will be given an opportunity to enrol for a uid number, gautham said.
the digital id works even if they move places, he said, adding that the passport department, epfo and other government departments would soon start using aadhaar.
Noting that this unique identification number is now becoming "an internal passport and gateway" to various services for Indians, Nilekani said by working with various regulators they have ensured that this ID is sufficient to get their services.
prime minister narendramodi has repeatedly said that state governments should map their department databases with aadhaar to address irregularities.
uidai has not authorised the owners of these mobile applications or websites to extend any aadhaar-related services on its behalf, mr pandey said in the statement.
there is no proposal currently to make the use of aadhaar mandatory under the scheme, finance minister arunjaitley said in a written reply in lok sabha on february 2.
if you want to use aadhaar authentication, then your devices will have to be registered with us, ajay bhushan pandey, ceo of uidai told pti.
At a recent high-level meeting of PRAGATI (Pro-Active Governance And Timely Implementation), Modi asked Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) and chief secretaries of states such as UP and Bihar which are lagging behind to accelerate and complete enrollment of all residents by December 2015.
additionally, as i will elaborate later, we will undertake significant reform including enactment of a law to ensure all government benefits are conferred to people who deserve it by giving a statutory backing to the aadhar platform, finance minister arun jaitley said while announcing union budget 2016-17.
eighty per cent of the two million individuals, who have been enrolled for the unique aadhar number so far, have requested for bank accounts, said nilekani while addressing the nasscom leadership forum 2011.
aadhaar enrolment will be speeded up: siddaramaiahbangalore, may 26, 2013, dhns : 1:57 istchief minister siddaramaiah on sunday said the government will take measures to speed up the aadhaar enrolment drive and the entire population of the state will be covered within one year.
on allegation that aadhaar is given to illegal immigrants, nilekani said: aadhaar only gives you a unique identity, not a citizenship card.
congress leader jairam ramesh said: what sterilisation was to the emergency, aadhaar seeding is becoming to your government.
hailing the scheme as the countrys first totally aadhar-based cash transfer programme, ms. gandhi said the central governments direct benefit transfer system would be implemented in 51 districts from january 1, 2013, facilitating cash entitlement in a total of 32 schemes.
b'aadhaar card to become mandatory to procure online certificates aadhaar card to become mandatory to procure online certificatesan aadhar card is mandatory to apply for government-issued certificates online through a newly launched government portal, goa chief minister manoharparrikar said on wednesday.
to a query on rumours that the aadhaar was issued to migrants from neighbouring countries, mr. dalwai said that it was not the uidais concern.
lokpal - one among many ways to fight corruption: nilekanilast updated: 19 august, 2011new delhi, aug 19 (ians) 14:03 istthe lokpal bill which is before parliament is only one of the many ways of tackling the menace of corruption, said nandan nilekani, chairperson of the unique identification authority of india (uidai) friday.
participating in a programme organised by the uidai to mark the first anniversary of the launch of aadhaar enrolments in the country, mr. dalwai said the authority, which began its task with a modest capacity to enrol 1,000 members a day a year ago, was now capable of enrolling 10 lakh persons a day.
dalwai said the response received by uidai was too overwhelming and that there was an immediate need to enhance infrastructure, especially pertaining to processing of enrolments.
Dalwai said no one should apply more than once for an Aadhaar card unless he/she receives a rejection letter from the UIDAI.
ssp lucknow deepak said the gang used to advertise on social networking sites , inviting application from unemployed people willing to open customer service centre (csc) for issuance of aadhaar card, pan card, income certificate, caste certificate, domicile certificate and providing money transfer facility.
pm demands 'concrete' results of dbt schemenew delhi, june 19, 2015, dhns: 0:58 istwith the government saving up to 15 per cent in direct benefit transfers of subsidies to the beneficiaries, prime minister narendramodi on thursday asked authorities to accelerate the delivery of benefits and expand the applications for the aadhaar (unique identification) card.
Defending his stand to contest on a Congress ticket in the light of several corruption charges the party was facing, Nilekani said: Please understand that Aadhaar is the worlds largest anti-corruption platform.
UIDAI to refresh data collection process in second phaseNew Delhi, Feb 7,2012,IANS: 19:33 ISTThe Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) will be refreshing its data collection process by including the best finger detection and multiple-try method in the second phase of enrolment in April, the agency's chairman Nandan Nilekani said Tuesday".
there are people who are entitled to certain schemes but cannot avail them due to lack of transparency in the system, said ashok dalwai, deputy director general, unique identification authority of india (uidai).
in the past two years, he said, the government has enrolled 24 crore people for aadhar and we expect to give aadhar cards to around 60 crore by 2014.
new delhi: the centre told the supreme court on tuesday that citizens could not claim absolute right over their body parts and refuse to give digital samples of their fingerprints and iris for aadhaar enrolment the concept of absolute right over one's body was a myth and there were various laws which put restrictions on such a right, attorney general mukul rohatgi told a bench of justices a k sikri and ashok bhushan.
second phaseon a query on why the aadhar enrolment was stopped in february this year, mr. dalwai said the uidai had covered 20 crore people assigned to it by the central government in february.
while the enrolling agencies are paid up to rs 40 for a successful enrollment,banks are charging about rs 50 for the same,said a uidai official.
the home minister said the decision will speed up both uid and npr processes and the entire country will be covered by june, 2013.
uidai deputy director general ashok dalwai told toi the shell of the building has been handed over to wipro infotech for developing the data centre.
This is not a tactical, but a strategic partnership, where UIDAI will leverage the existing infrastructure of the DoP to reach out to the masses for providing UID," UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani said while signing the agreement.
Seeking to make cashless transactions popular in the higher echelons of power, Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu on Wednesday asked District Collectors to go for shopping and conduct two digital transactions using their mobile phones seeded with Aadhar numbers and share their experiences on the day-2 of the two-day Collectors conference.
Pandey said, Any Aadhaar-related demographic information can only be shared following the procedures laid down in the Aadhaar Act, 2016.
About using iris scan for issuing the unique identity number, Nilekani said it is a closed issue because the decision was taken one-and-a-half years ago".
after the bjp government took charge, prime minister narendra modi had asked uidai to fast-track the enrolment process.
prasad told toi the new law kills the mandatory versus voluntary debate as it did not prohibit anyone from accepting government benefits, but it encourages the use of aadhaar.
emphasising on transparency in the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme (mnregs), yogiadityanath said active workers should be linked with a aadhaar-based payment system.
it will also be possible to key in the aadhaar number at a point-of-sale device and authenticate using biometrics.
the aadhaar card details were registered with the student bank accounts, said dr vinod ram , head of government model high school, sector 34.
2 billion biometric identities- aadhaar or foundation- in just a few years, modi said at the event.
in a review meeting, finance minister arun jaitley told the officers that aadhar card numbers may also be seeded with bank accounts as the same will help in directly transferring the subsidies to the bank accounts of the desired sections of the society under direct benefit transfer (dbt) scheme.
read more herefinance minister arun jaitley counters critique: yes, we are making aadhaar mandatoryduring a discussion on the finance bill, which was passed in the evening on wednesday, arun jaitley said the government was in favour of making aadhar mandatory for all citizens, saying why cant it be when 98 per cent of the citizens already have it.
mr. dalawai told the hindu that uidai systems have a capacity to generate  1.2 million aadhaar daily.
our first target is to grab low hanging fruits like the aadhaar platform and the high penetration of anroid phones, said naidu.
nilekani said plans are on track to issue aadhaar numbers to 600 million (60 crore) people in three to three-and-half years.
goa set to achieve 100% aadhar card registrationpanaji, july 13, 2013, (pti) : 18:46 istgoa is all set to become the first state to cover all people under the aadhar card registry, chief minister manohar parrikar said here today.
read: gst will reflect spirit of one nation, one aspiration: top 10 points from pm modis niti aayog meethere are the highlights:6:22 pm: use of technologies such as bhim, aadhaar would result in significant savings for states, says pm modi6:18 pm: states should use govt e-marketplace to reduce corruption, increase transparency in govt procurement: pm modi6:10 pm: pm modi asks states, local govts, ngos to decide goals for 2022 and work in mission mode to achieve them.
on tuesday, rohatgi told the apex court that sections 7 and 54 of the aadhaar act made it mandatory for people to get enrolled.
he also said that uidai will detail its position on the aadhaar system to the apex court in an affidavit to be filed shortly.
Ashok Dalwai, Deputy Director of the UIDAI Regional Office, Bangalore, said UIDAI, in a bid to reduce processing time, had enhanced the capacity of the Central Identification Repository to process 10 lakh packets per day from the current five lakh.
The goal, Nilekani said, is to achieve widespread diffusion of Aadhaar platform knowledge across new entrepreneurial ventures and existing software companies to assist and nurture Aadhaar capabilities.
we reviewed different issues, ahluwalia said, adding that the home ministry's national population register (npr) project for constructing digital database of residents could continue along with uidai.
bengaluru: former uidai chairman nandan nilekani said a sub $100 smartphone with an iris-recognition camera would be available in a year or two and that would enable users to do a one-click two factor authentication  the mobile number would be one factor and the iris-based biometric authentication of aadhaar number would be the second.
nilekani said aadhaar has more than 55 crore people into its enrolment and in the next few months it will cross the 60-crore mark.
yesterday i have filed a writ petition in the supreme court challenging the decision to treat aadhaar as a money bill, ramesh, a former union minister during upa, said here.
the uid authority has promised to review procedures and then carry on with the data collection, chidambaram said at a joint news conference he addressed with nilekani and planning commission deputy chairperson montek singh ahluwalia.
now manufacturers too are showing interestthey know when they make specially designed biometric fingerprint scanner for aadhaar and put another lock as per uidais requirement, it will sell in the market.
maharashtra government was impleaded after ram told the court that the state government was insisting on aadhar card number to pay wages to its employees.
nandan nilekani said the aadhaar project cost is estimated at $3-$4 billion with each enrollment costing rs 100-150.
singh also referred to the government's plan to implement national e-governance scheme and providing aadhar numbers.
nearly 20 lakh people have been enrolled in the state and the process of enrolment is going on at a good pace, nilekani said while admitting that two other states that come under ranchi regional office of uidai west bengal and bihar have of late started picking pace.
the judgement of the supreme court added balance to the concept of aadhaar, arunjaitley said.
ramesh said he was challenging the wrongful and unconstitutional enactment of the aadhaar (targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies, benefits and services) act, 2016 by characterising, introducing and passing it as 'money bill' in the lok sabha.
uidai regional deputy director ashok dalwai said the centre has asked regional offices to furnish a database on aadhaar-linked beneficiaries (existing and proposed) under various public services like subsidized lpg, pension schemes, student scholarship and pds.
everyone will get a chance'ashok dalwai, deputy director general, told toi: as of now, india post which is a registrar of uid has opened a few counters but public response is overwhelming.
we're committed to the quality of every enrollment, said ashok dalwai, deputy director general, unique identification authority of india.
only subsidies, cost of which are fully borne by states, won't come under the aadhaar law, he added.
kumar has asked only one question about aadhar in parliament, nilekani has said, questioning his sudden concern.
therefore we have decided that in addition to the aadhaar platform all those who have a bank account will also get the lpg subsidy in their accounts directly, finance minister arun jaitley told reporters.
transgender community members understand the importance of coming under the purview of government projects like aadhaar and public distribution system for food, but they don't have the documents for this, said ram , programme manager, aarohan.
nilekani to join congress soon in delhi: kpcc chiefbangalore, jan 25, 2014, pti: 18:27 istit czar and face of upa's flagship 'aadhar' programme nandan nilekani will soon officially join the congress in delhi, karnataka pradesh congress committee chief g ram said today.
disclosing this to the media here on wednesday, uidai deputy director general ashok dalwai said the authority would begin the exercise on a trial basis across the country on may 1, before taking it up in earnest on may 15.
since the applications have now been linked to aadhaar numbers, this time, the problem will not crop up, ram said.
section 29(4) of aadhaar act prohibits making aadhaar number of any individual public.
we are saying wherever you do not have business corespondents, supposing a merchant is able to facilitate payment directly from the aadhaar-linked bank account, then there has to be a system in which the merchant should get the incentive, he said.
dalwai said that one would be asked to re-enrol for aadhaar, if the collected data failed in the quality check for validations.
in gujarat, even payment in ration shops is being made using thumb impression which is linked to aadhaar, prasad said.
we are going to say that in india only registered devices will work (for aadhaar authentication).
about using iris scan for issuing the unique identity number, nilekani said it is a closed issue because the decision was taken one-and-a-half years ago.
only 'registered devices' that incorporate the new specifications will be allowed to perform aadhaar authentication after september 30, 2017.
another amendment sought to restrict the use of aadhaar numbers only for targeting of government benefits or service and not for any other purpose.
Ashok M R Dalwai, Deputy Director General of UIDAI, responding to the percentage of enrolment in the district, said, there were no surprises in the rate of enrolment observed in the district.
the centres will facilitate enrolment of residents left out during the camps organised by registrars in the past and also facilitate biometric and demographic update, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said.
65 lakh current accounts and savings accounts have been linked with the unique identification number, and a total of 6811 aadhaar enrolment/update centres are operational in bank branches, minister of state (mos) for finance, shiv shukla said on friday, in a written reply to a question in lok sabha.
bengaluru: india's unique digital identity platform aadhaar and the rapid rise in smartphone usage open up a whole new way of looking at applications, said nandan nilekani, former uidai chairman.
these websites and companies extending these unauthorised services, tantamount to violation under information technology act 2000, section 38 of aadhaar act 2016, and section 409 (criminal breach of trust) and section 420 (cheating) of ipc, according to uidai.
imagination is the limit as far as what applications could be built upon the aadhar platform, nilekani said.
Jaitley said discussion on the institution of Aadhar has been going on for over seven years after the then UPA government approved a bill in September, 2010 and introduced it in Parliament that December".
when questioned about what scheme will be linked with aadhar after lpg benefit transfer, uidai head nandan nilekani said lpg itself would take lot of time to implement and other schemes would be taken up gradually.
those whose aadhaar card has been delayed in delivery can log on to the uid website and key in their enrolment number and take a print of their e-aadhaar card, which is as valid as the aadhaar card itself, said dalwai.
uidai to refresh data collection process in second phasenew delhi, feb 7,2012,ians: 19:33 istthe unique identification authority of india (uidai) will be refreshing its data collection process by including the best finger detection and multiple-try method in the second phase of enrolment in april, the agency's chairman nandan nilekani said tuesday.
After intervention by the moderator, Dalwai said: "I am 200% confident that UID is a legal body.
after intervention by the moderator, dalwai said: i am 200% confident that uid is a legal body.
one of our biggest supporters, the finance minister has been extremely gracious and supportive, and he has always sent me the message that we should do this as fast as we can, nilekani told reporters at the first anniversary of aadhaar launch.
1.7 million cardsSaying that there has been an improvement in the frequency in generating Aadhaar cards per day ever since it was launched in 2010, Dalwai said  1.2 million Aadhaar cards were generated every day presently.
as parties like bjd opposed the move to make aadhaar mandatory for filing of income tax returns and making pan application, jaitley said linking of aadhaar with pan was necessary as people have multiple pan cards and are using it as a tool for tax evasion.
during an election rally in varanasi on thursday, arunjaitley said that banks have been asked to procure more point of sale machines and make it available to traders in order to facilitate digital payments.
in the next 100 days, lakhs of families are going to receive crores of rupees as gift, but you will be entitled to this gift only if you make use of mobile banking, e-banking, rupay card, upi (unified payment interface), ussd (unstructured supplementary service data) for digital payments, modi said.
antalya (turkey), nov 16, 2015 (ians) 16:19 istindia has zero tolerance on black money and corruption, prime minister narendramodi said on monday, the second and final day of the g20 summit here.
Stating that the previous UPA regime has left behind a legacy of of policy paralysis, indecisiveness and no-doing approach, Jaitley said the Prime Minister had taken a very courageous decision as he wanted to transform India.
economic affairs secretary subhashchandragarg said demonetisation and gst reflect long-term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms.
promising a new nation in a new year and a clean-up of what he called the 70-year-old slush pile of black money, prime minister modi told his party mps tuesday that the decision to demonetise notes of higher denomination was to help the poor.
this is indeed a game changer, chidambaram asserted and said that banks have already floated tenders for 20 lakh micro-atms which once become operational will help the government in directly transferring the cash in the beneficiaries accounts.
mumbai: since the demonetisation of high currency notes terror funding has come down to zero and there hasn't been stone-pelting on security forces, defence minister manoharparrikar said here today.
Terming the decision historic, Jaitley said : what was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the Prime Minister has created a new normalToday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty.
today, i challenge them to spell out a single step that they had taken during 10-year of their rule against black money, finance minister arun jaitley said while replying to the debate.
agra: in poll-bound uttar pradesh, prime minister modi today said his demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls, in a veiled attack on bsp chief mayawati who has been facing such allegations.
when american president barack obama fought his first election (2008), he had taken only small donations through digital payments, arunjaitley said.
demonetisation, arunjaitley said, will act as a disincentive towards continuing to deal with shadow economy, and integration of informal with formal economy will increase the size of the gdp and make it cleaner.
while inaugurating the pune metro, modi , in a veiled attack on the congress for opposing demonetisation,said the sins of benami properties would not have happened and people would not be standing in queues now had necessary decisions been taken in the past.
a day before, on tuesday, modi while speaking at lok sabha (the lower house) said that the note-ban was possible because the countrys economy was in good shape.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:32 istprime minister modi today said political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by demonetisation, in remarks seen as sharp attack on west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee.
repeating remarks he made in lok sabha a day earlier, modi said demonetisation should have happened in 1971 when indira gandhi was the prime minister.
new delhi: issuing a veiled warning, finance minister arunjaitley today said one cannot convert black money into white by merely depositing unaccounted cash in bank accounts as taxes are required to be paid on them.
Speaking on Indian economy: The new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, Jaitley said for the first time, such a decision was taken which was difficult to implement because of many challenges that came with it.
talking about demonetisation, modi claimed that it had not caused any harm to the common man, but it is congress which felt the pinch.
when modi asked the country to try out digital payments following the governments demonetisation move, kumar took on the cudgels to make palnar cashless.
during the interaction, modi asked both railways and department of posts to focus on increasing digital transactions across their networks, especially using the bhim app.
on tuesday, arunjaitley was replying to a supplementary question from cpi(m) rajya sabha mp c p narayanan on why the banks were starved of the new notes for such a long time, as arunjaitley had earlier told the house that demonetisation came after nine months of preparations by the government and the rbi.
Have been trying to analyse reasons for long queues,it has come to notice that same people are coming again at same place, Das said.
Roughly whatever has been taken out by the end of the month, about at least 50 per cent of the notes which were in circulation, which were actually in circulation, at least 50 per cent of the notes would have been supplied in another 10-15 days, Das said.
Watch What Else Is making NewsAt a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, Jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
the misery of artisans like hakak ended when prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8.
Now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency," Jaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
in a surprise move, prime minister modi last night announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes with effect from wednesday to fight the menace of black money, fake currency, corruption and terror financing.
NEW DELHI: Asserting that hard cash in India would become obsolete in the near future, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
pti photo by manvender vashist expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, digidhan movement.
on november 8 last year, prime minister modi announced the decision to demonetise all 1,000- and 500 rupee notes in an effort to curb black money and corruption.
obviously there is some inconvenience for a couple of days or a couple of weeks, but that cannot be an alibi that india continues to live (with black money and parallel economy), arunjaitley said.
in an interview for a tv news channel, modi said people voted on demonetisation during the 2017 assembly election in uttar pradesh and on gst in the 2018 assembly election in gujarat.
referring to the show of strength by various political parties at the swearing-in ceremony of karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy, modi said, the fear of our government's move to crack down on black money has brought many to a common platform.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said that the demonetisation is due to sharp increase in circulation of these notes in the last five years.
expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, 'digidhan' movement, pm said that it is a brave act against corruption and black money.
prime minister modi on november 8 had announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
finance minister arun jailtey (file photo) finance minister arun jailtey (file photo)the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), coupled with a digitised economy ushered in by demonetisation, will make indias economy look much cleaner and bigger, said union finance minister arun jaitley at the vibrant gujarat global summit wednesday.
even countries which are technologically far more advanced than india with comparatively much smaller size population do not have such a system in place, said pranabmukherjee , while complimenting the government for promotion of digital transactions.
Earlier, it was so much in cash and cheque.
Now there will be less cash transaction and an increase in digital currency, Jaitley said.
stressing that rupay was bringing a revolutionary change in digital payments, modi said the card was also being used abroad and narrated how he used it to buy some items on his visit to singapore.
Asking people not to fall prey to rumours like shortage of salt and bankers going on strike, Das said the government will ensure adequate availability of cash as well as essential commodities".
citing a book, modi told bjp mps that when then finance minister y b chavan went to prime minister indira gandhi and supported the recommendations on demonetisation, she had asked if the congress did not have to fight elections.
jaitley said the demonetisation, coupled with the implementation of gst, will make india a single market instead of 30 different markets in the states, facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country.
forget demonetisation, i will keep taking tough actions, one after another, to get rid of these termites who resurface at new places every time their holes are plugged, modi said at a function in jharkhands backward sahebganj district.
the government has also constituted a special taskforce to keep a watch on the infusion of fake currency in vulnerable areas, mr. das said, adding that a technology team has also been formed to popularise the use of e-wallets and also to ensure that atm recalibration progresses apace.
tax collection data is real and not an estimation, arunjaitley said, while dismissing apprehensions of slowdown in following currency squeeze post demonetisation.
in milk city anand, modi said, before six years, supreme court had asked the then government to form a sit to find out the sources of black money.
in delhi, economic affairs secretary das also said that the government was keeping a close watch on deposits in jan dhan accounts as, in many cases, such accounts are being misused for deposit of black money.
finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech had announced that the government would come out with a new law to effectively deal with the black money stashed abroad.
a key issue for me (at the g-20 summit) would be to highlight the importance of international cooperation against black money, modi said, a day before he is scheduled to leave new delhi for a nine-day-long tour to myanmar, australia and fiji, where he is likely to meet over 40 leaders from asia, africa, europe, north america, south america and pacific region  both in multilateral format as well as on the sideline of the conclaves.
commenting on the data, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said this year growth figures are on a high base of last fiscal and numbers do not show much negative impact of demonetisation.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley earlier in the day had said that deposits of the now defunct Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 currency notes in bank accounts will not enjoy immunity from tax.
presenting his first full-year budget, arunjaitley said the first and foremost pillar of his tax proposals is to enacting a new law to effectively deal with the problem of black money which eats into the vitals of our economy and society.
union minister nirmalasitharaman said that the congress is indulging in fear-mongering on demonetisation.
5 (pti): underlining that fighting corruption and black money is key to effective financial governance, prime minister modi today asked g20 leaders to act to eliminate safe havens for economic offenders, unconditionally extradite money launderers and end excessive banking secrecy that hide the corrupt.
In the wake of new currency noted of a higher denomination of Rs 2,000 being introduced, such a cap on cash transactions would ensure that it does not become easy for hoarders to stack illicit savings in the higher denomination notes.
explaining why the government decided to go for demonetisation, arunjaitley said if people had to buy property, they were asked as to how much money would be paid in cash and how much by cheque, and such immoral practices continued.
its the law on black money, modi said in bhopal.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
it's just beginning, says pm as bjp mps endorse his 'crusade'new delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 13:09 istdemonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man, prime minister modi today said as the bjp parliamentary party passed a unanimous resolution endorsing his great crusade.
new delhi: asserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arunjaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
the left parties have compromised their ideology even as their mentors and communist leaders jyoti basu and harkishan singh surjeet had supported the idea of demonetisation, modi said.
(photo | ani)agra: prime minister modi on sunday said political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by demonetisation, in remarks seen as a sharp attack on west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee.
quelling fears over security of digital transactions,babu said that the sbi had left no stone unturned to ensure that the data of the users were not compromised.
With regard to the impact of demonetisation on rabi sowing, Das said the total sowing area so far is almost at par with last year and whatever shortfall has happened will be made good in the coming weeks.
coming back to demonetisation, modi said that cashless would take india step-by-step, slowly in the direction of a clean economy.
speaking on indian economy: the new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, jaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges.
asking the people to prefer digital transactions instead of cash transactions, modi told the shopkeepers: you already have a board outside your shops that reads: aaj nagad, kal udhar.
on ways to prevent black money menace in the future, arunjaitley said the global community is moving towards automatic exchange of information.
all the 125 crore people of the country have equal value and importance, modi said in his monthly radio programme mann ki baat in which he also pushed for more digital transactions, informed about the launch of south asia satellite on may 5 and spoke about some other issues.
jaitley said that cash can be gradually substituted through digital payments/transactions.
prasad said, the higher the linkages with the aadhaar number, the more we have in terms of seamless digital transactions.
the bjp leaders from across the country said that there is an overwhelming support for the governments bold move to fight black money and corruption, union minister m.venkaiahnaidu said.
but our objective is to wipe out black money and end terror financing, mr. rohatgi said.
terming the criticism, that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post demonetisation, as ill-informed, arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
however, finance minister arunjaitley said the pmgky response should not be seen in isolation as it was introduced after the income disclosure scheme (ids) and demonetisation exercise were carried out in the previous fiscal.
the pmos directions came after it emerged that rs 1,238 crore has been deposited in cash in such entities in november-december 2016, soon after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of high-denomination notes.
With regard to rural areas, he said the cash holding limit for  1.2 lakh banking correspondents (BCs) has been increased to Rs 50,000 and banks have been given flexibility to increase this limit on case to case basis.
when asked about demonetisations effects on the public banking sector, vijaya bank executive director b s ram said, it is a temporary phenomenon, which does not affect the demands of the corporate sector.
further explaining his stand against demonetisation, the former union minister said, 80 per cent transactions in germany and austria is cash-based, in australia it is 60 per cent, canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent, and prime minister modi says india will go 100 per cent cashless.
minister of state for home kiren rijiju said there has been a big impact in attempts to pump in fake indian currency notes (ficn) into the country and no such incident was reported ever since prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation decision.
union finance minister arunjaitley has said that the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
prime minister modi had said that after demonetisation, terrorism will stop but it has not happened.
the number of new jobs due to be created this year will be dependent on how demonetisation affects sector, for which we have to wait till the financial year end, said modi , president of federation of telangana and andhra pradesh chamber of commerce and industry (ftapcci), who runs an sme.
however, the prime minister has redefined the old normal in india where black money, corruption and cash flow in elections was considered normal, jaitley said, adding most activities earlier followed the practice of so much in cash and so much in cheque.
we would like to focus all our resources to bringing back black money to the books, arunjaitley said.
stressing that all the political parties opposed to each other were together on the issue of corruption, modi said both mayawati and mulayam singh yadav had never been one of any issue but both were angry with him on his note ban decision.
modi said this was being done to tackle the menace of black money in the country, which has sapped the economy.
with regard to opposition's criticism over demonetisation, an issue that led to washout of the last winter session, modi said from day one, the government has been saying that it is ready for a discussion on it.
modi said history would not remember which pm enforced demonetisation but it would certainly recall how the people fought a war on black money.
the left parties have compromised with their ideology even as their mentors and communist leaders jyoti basu and harkishan singh surjeet had supported the idea of demonetisation, modi said.
nobody, not this government, not you, not the previous government knows exactly how much black money is stashed abroad, modi said in the second episode of his radio talk, mann ki baat.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said it was too early to assess the impact of demonetisation.
finance minister arunjaitley said eight of the 10 directors of the rbi board were present at the november 8 meeting which made an independent final recommendation with regard to demonetisation to government.
as far as search and seizure operations against black money hoarders is concerned, pm modi had confidently said in a public rally: we knew and now they are being caught.
hitting out at congress for raising the issue of change of rules 150 times on demonetisation, modi said the previous upa government had changed rules regarding mnrega 1035 times during its implementation over six years.
PTI PhotoAddressing party MPs at the BJPs Parliamentary party meeting, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that the Prime Minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath at gorakhpurs uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath at gorakhpursthe uttar pradesh government will award contracts through e-tendering to remove mafia and criminal elements , chief minister yogiadityanath said today as he pitched for digital payments to eliminate corruption.
hyderabad: union minister m m.venkaiahnaidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
meghwal said that about  23.2 per cent of the economic activity is shadow economy and government's push to cashless transactions will widen the tax bracket.
in the same year, nearly a month after prime minister modi announced the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, it was reported that a record number of 564 maoists surrendered in the last 28 days.
We would like to urge the other parties to do the same and prove their intentions against corruption, he said.
on the eve of the first anniversary of the november 8 demonetisation of 500- and 1000-rupee notes that wiped out 86 per cent of the currency in circulation then, arunjaitley said the government has met its objective of reducing cash in the economy, ending anonymity of cash, bringing in more individuals in the tax net and dealing a body blow to black money.
demonetisation, doubtless one of the most significant decisions of independent india that shook the entire nation, was there merely as a passing reference although prime minister narendramodi had claimed india would emerge like gold after the ordeal of the first 50 days.
union minister naidu union minister naidu naiduwith the opposition seeking narendra modis participation in the debate in parliament over demonetisation, union minister naidu on tuesday said the prime minister will intervene in the issue as and when required and appealed to rival parties to resume the discussion.
(pti)kullu/palampur: prime minister narendramodi has said that effigy-burning would not deter him from the fight against corruption and black money, alluding to the congress's call for protests on november 8, the first anniversary of the demonetisation.
in the next brihanmumbai municipal corporation elections, nobody will be left with power to bribe voters, manoharparrikar said, without naming the ally shiv sena which has been critical of demonetisation.
It is people's mandate for the Prime Minister's decision of demonetisation, Sonowal told reporters.
taking a cue from advani,punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal said,a big issue has come up in the country nda chief ministers should first give in writing and announce their assets and tell the government that it can seize any black money they have.
on demonetisation, modi said there was chaos amongst the corrupt after note ban was announced as they were forced to deposit the ill-gotten money in bank accounts.
finance minister t.m. thomas isaac told the assembly on tuesday that the government hoped to overcome the impact of demonetisation and gst on the states economy in another six months.
earlier in his address to the nation over radio, modi said that bringing back black money from outside the country is an article of faith for him and nothing will be lacking in his efforts to do so.
more than rs 130 crore in cash and jewellery has been seized and approximately rs 2,000 crore of undisclosed income has been admitted by the taxpayers, it addedin a major assault on black money and terror funding, prime minister modi on november 8 announced demonetisation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes and asked holders of such currencies to deposit it in bank accounts by december end.
in this context, arunjaitley said demonetisation has created a new normal replacing the old order of cash and parallel economy, which has been eliminated.
justifying demonetisation, arunjaitley said it will act as a disincentive towards continuing to deal with shadow economy, and integration of informal with formal economy will increase the size of the gdp and make it cleaner.
as the centre is keen to strengthen the digital payment infrastructure and grievance handling mechanisms, arunjaitley said the focus would be on rural and semi-urban areas through post offices, fair price shops and banking correspondents.
referring to the benefits of demonetisation, modi said, the money hidden by many people in their homes under their beds, in almirahs and sacks has been brought back to banks.
modi said that the demonetisation move was a fight against corruption and targeted those who amassed wealth by unfair means.
modi said before claiming the reason was his fight against black money.
kanpur: lucknow: announcing a bonanza to reward cashless transactions, prime minister modi said that all those using e-payments since november 8, especially the small spenders, will be offered an incentive of rs 1000.
the new encryption adds another security layer to the hardware at a time when such devices are all set to take the centre stage in biometric-based digital payments.
it was this deposit made three days after prime minister narendramodi announced scrapping of 500 and 1,000-rupee banknotes that caught the attentions of tax authorities, who are closely examining all suspicious high-value transactions done after the november 8 demonetisation announcement.
yet even though the cash crunch has inflicted the most pain on the poor, modi has said in his campaign speeches it would punish the venal rich.
pti photoaddressing party mps at the bjps parliamentary party meeting, finance minister arun jaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities.
watch video | pm modi modis scathing attack at congress in lok sabha: heres what he saiddefending his november 8 decision to demonetise rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes, modi said the step was to empower the honest.
modi said he was aware of the problems being faced by the people post-demonetisation.
the commerce ministry had entered into a consultative process with all the export promotion councils to understand the level of adaptation to the effects of demonetisation, teaotia said.
modi to stress on black money at g-20 summitnew delhi, nov 11, 2014, dhns: 0:29 istprime minister modi on monday said that he would stress on international cooperation against black money in his interventions at the g-20 summit in australia.
Commenting on the data, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said this year growth figures are on a high base of last fiscal and numbers "do not show much negative impact of demonetisation".
taking on the opposition and accusing it of misguiding people over cashless transactions, modi said that while on one hand they claimed that rajiv brought about the telecom revolution, on the other they contradict themselves by saying that their countrymen dont have means for cashless transactions.
regarding demonetisation, modi said the government was always ready for the discussion on the issue but the opposition was only interested in tv bytes and not debates.
when poor farmers of villages have started adopting digital payment, now they (middlemen) have started spreading new rumours, modi said.
black money used to be parked in the real estate sector, but with decisions like note ban and rera, we put a check to it, modi said.
The thinking and system that remained the rule for 70 long years was changed and the status quo was given up, as the country is set to move away from being a developing nation to emerge as a developed country, he said, adding that confronting the new normal in India was not easy.
fadnavis said the results are an ample indication that people have accepted prime minister narendra modi's note ban move and the state government's transparency plank.
in his speech to the joint sitting of both houses, president ramnathkovind said, the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace.
Das said the focus of the government is to activate all channels of distribution to ensure that cash is dispensed to the public".
responding to questions over the final tally of deposits received during the demonetisation period, arunjaitley said it will be announced by rbi after every note is counted.
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places.
attacking the samajwadi party (sp) and the bahujan samaj party (bsp), modi said these arch-rivals had joined hands on the note ban issue.
on the demonetisation drive, arunjaitley said that the governments bid to go cashless meant less cash and not no cash, as reported by the opposition parties and a section of the media.
the demonetisation exercise, which has led to a surge of low cost funds into the banking sector, will not only help in expanding the size of the formal economy but also eventually push up tax collections, arunjaitley said in the lok sabha on thursday.
rohatgi told the apex court that general rule is that the cash transactions in the market should not be more than four per cent of the gdp but it is 12 per cent in india.
buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister modi had yesterday said he was committed to root out corruption.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
both because it is desirable, (and) also to tackle the problem of black money and things like that, chief economic adviser ram said.
the drive for digital payment channels and financial inclusion will ensure direct benefit transfers to indians and will bring them in formal financial system, naidu said.
seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions, modi said for every person you introduce to the bhim app, you will get a cash back of rs 10.
Stating that replacement of around 86 per cent of old currency notes was bound to be a gigantic task involving time and difficulties, the Finance Minister said despite all these, honest people in the country now felt that honesty was finally beneficial.
(source: pti photo)around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister modi said in rajya sabha on wednesday, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
after prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8, the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy.
In the long term, this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy, Jaitley said.
new delhi: the prime minister modi on tuesday told the parliamentary board meeting of the bjp that the decision on demonetization is just the beginning of a long battle against black money and corruption.
After the government's decision of withdrawing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, Jaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies".
last month on this date, prime minister modi announced his battle against black money on national television by demonetising, in one fell swoop, all rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
speaking at a book launch event here -- a day after the opposition launched a massive attack on the government over the issue -- modi said there has been little criticism of the demonetisation decision.
stop bringing in farmers on the issue of black money, farmers money is white and there is no tax on their money, said arunjaitley in lok sabha during the discussion on the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, 2017.
prime minister modi and the government had earlier claimed that demonetisation will put an end to black money, fake currency and terrorism.
new delhi: union minister mukhtarabbasnaqvi today said congress was running away from a discussion on demonetisation in parliament even when the government wanted a positive debate and was open to suggestions.
Attempts by some political parties and a section of the media to provoke people against the Government have proved futile, Jaitley said.
dr shoeb s. katrawala, who runs katrawala diagnostic centre on astodia road, says, mr modi has said that this is all being done to cut down black money, to cut off funds to terrorists and stop the flow of counterfeit money in the economy.
mocking the bsp and the samajwadi party, prime minister modi said both came together against the demonetisation scheme though they usually oppose each other on most topics.
giving details of impact of demonetisation, arunjaitley said the number of income tax return filers has gone up to 6.
referring to recent rumours about shortage of salt in the country, modi said this is being done by those whose black money is being rendered useless.
The Minister further said the government's move will promote more and more digital transactions".
we must make the transactions cost-effective and strengthen cloud servers on the bank side, andhra pradesh chief minister babu , who heads the panel, said after submitting an interim report on digital payments to prime minister narendra modi.
talking to his crackdown on black money, modi said three lakh companies had shut their shops after the note ban, that too without any backlash.
(pti photo)demonetisation has narrowed the gap between rich and poor and will help boost gdp growth, minister of state for finance arjun ram meghwal told lok sabha monday.
antalya (turkey), nov 16, 2015 (ians) 16:19 istindia has zero tolerance on black money and corruption, prime minister modi said on monday, the second and final day of the g20 summit here.
finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of atms on a daily basis to sort out operational issues.
union finance minister arun jaitley has said the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
In fact PM Modi is setting a new example of propriety in public life, by asking all MPs & MLAs of BJP to submit their bank account details post demonetization.
Watch What Else Is making NewsAt a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, Jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
Rohatgi said a total of Rs  7.5 lakh crore, including Rs 5 lakh crore in new currency notes, was available for transaction, and the cash problem should be resolved soon.
prime minister modi had claimed the decision (note ban) was targeted at black money hoarders.
modi said the terrorists derive funding from a variety of criminal activities which include smuggling of narcotics, bank robbery, vehicle thefts, fake currency or from state sponsored activities in failed states.
reiterating his pitch for a cashless economy, modi said, we also have a historic opportunity to embrace increased cashless payments and integrate latest technology in economic transactions.
terming the proposed goods and service tax as the biggest tax reform since independence, modi also said he has warned those with black money to declare it before the given deadline of september 30, as stern action might be taken after that.
speaking on hardships faced by the people in wake of demonetisation, modi said: many people in this country are uneducated, but we should be proud that they are ready to suffer problems to help the country get rid of corruption.
modi said the demonetisation process is a great move but not as big as the surgical strike.
chief minister naveenpatnaik has already announced his support for demonetisation move of the centre.
stressing that demonetisation decision will have a positive impact on the economy, arunjaitley said, this (the move) will have positive impact as far as the medium and long terms are concerned.
calling demonetisation a morally and ethically correct decision, arunjaitley asked the opposition not to defend black money in the name of farmers.
after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8, 2016, chief minister nitish kumar was among the few none-bjp leaders who strongly supported it at the risk of angering anti-bjp forces.
modi said the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency was to target those with unaccounted cash.
banks had at least hoped that a rally in bond markets since modi announced demonetisation would boost treasury gains, given lenders own around half of government debt.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:46 istin poll-bound uttar pradesh, prime minister modi today said his demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls, in a veiled attack on bsp chief mayawati who has been facing such allegations.
The Prime Minister had the temerity to take such a hard decision to fight black money and corruption.
kobe: prime minister modi on saturday said he was aware of the hardship people were facing in india because of the demonetisation move, but emphasized that it was necessary in the larger interests of the nation.
prime minister narendramodi and the government had earlier claimed that demonetisation will put an end to black money, fake currency and terrorism.
WATCH VIDEO: People Que Up At Banks To Exchange Rs 500 & Rs 1000 Notes: Heres What They SaidOn whether the demonetisation of Rs 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money, Jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including GST roll out.
karnataka milk federation (kmf) director, who looks into co-operative societies, dr babu said the societies started putting money directly to the farmers/producers account after demonetisation move.
after demonetisation, the poor are enjoying a sound sleep while rich are running from pillar to post to buy sleeping pills, modi said as he tried to rally public support in poll-bound uttar pradesh, picking up from where he left yesterday in his speeches laced with emotion and aggression in goa and belagavi.
talking about demonetisation, modi said some people are still not able to sleep and are very upset because all their black money business is now accounted in banks.
BHUBANESWAR: Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has created a new normal for the countrys economy by breaking all stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
black money fight against big people, not small traders: pmghaziabad, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 20:13 istprime minister narendramodi today said the government's fight against black money was targeted at big people and big babus and that small traders need not worry.
modi and his minions claimed demonetisation will end black money, finish corruption, terminate terrorism, and bring only digital transactions.
addressing the indian diaspora in japan, modi said people back home were hailing his decision of rendering rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes invalid but some of them were being prodded to speak against the government because of politics.
urging youngsters to adopts and download the bihm app, pm modi said the money saved on printing of notes, transportation and atms among others could be used for the betterment of the poor.
pti file photoa day after data showed indias key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
the constitution 122nd constitutional amendment bill was passed by the parliament on august 8, marking a historic step for tax reforms which prime minister modi said was 'crucial' for ending tax terrorism besides reducing corruption and black money while making the consumer 'king'.
modi said the country had over the past few months witnessed an atmosphere in which people had in large numbers participated in the digidhan movement for digital payments.
the economy was doing well and thus our decision was taken at the right time, a combative modi said, peppering his speech with stinging attacks on the congress for opposing the demonetisation move.
(representational image) the drive for digital payment channels and financial inclusion will ensure direct benefit transfers to indians and will bring them in formal financial system, naidu said.
india growing at 7-8 per cent is fairly reasonable in the current global context, finance minister arunjaitley said today while maintaining that the decline in fourth quarter gdp print cannot be attributed to demonetisation alone.
(file photo)finance minister arun jaitley today said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of atms on a daily basis to sort out operational issues.
annapurna singh, new delhi, dh news service may 2 2017, 14:20 ista day after data showed india's key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
in his monthly radio address to the nation 'mann ki baat', modi on the occasion of christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of rs 1,000 each by a lucky draw.
He said the impact of demonetisation was temporary and was limited to consumption.
the way nitish kumar has acted out of the dotted line of politics and supported surgical strike and demonetisation, he can similarly play a historic role by adopting a constructive attitude on the ayodhya issue, said modi.
Have been trying to analyse reasons for long queues,it has come to notice that same people are coming again at same place, Das said.
speaking on indian economy: the new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, arunjaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges.
addressing a rally ahead of the second phase of voting in chhattisgarh on november 20, modi claimed the people did not have issues with demonetisation, but only a family.
Countering the submissions, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth Rs 8000 crore collected by DCCBs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
modi said after demonetisation around 50 lakh workers started getting their pay by cheque and around one crore new provident fund accounts were opened.
union finance minister arun jaitely told the bjp mps that the demonetisation would help india embrace digital economy.
prime minister modi had announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year, and said it was aimed at checking fake currency.
prime minister modi told the nda meet that the credit for demonetisation will not go to him personally, but to all parties which stood with the govt, naidu said.
Modi stated that the economy would come out much stronger after the implementation of the decision on demonetisation.
defending the demonetisation drive, arunjaitley said, even when there was global stress, we still manage to have respectable growth rates and we had the courage because of leadership of the prime minister.
modi said he is happy that note ban has exposed the 'kala dhan' (black money) as well as 'kale mann' (ill-intentions) of many.
asserting that the budget reflects commitment to eliminate corruption and black money, modi said it provides for a comprehensive package of digital economy which will reduce tax evasion and help control black money.
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency, arunjaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
Notes hoarded by anti-nationals will be worthless Notes hoarded by anti-nationals will be worthlessMaking one of his boldest moves since assuming power, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Tuesday announced that Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes will be withdrawn from circulation at midnight, saying this decision was taken to break the grip of corruption and black money.
BJP's victory in bypolls is a clear indication that people are fully supporting the decision to demonetise Rs 1,000 and Rs 500 notes.
in kanpur, modi said demonetisation is a step to promote digital transactions to check black money.
modi said his government believes that efforts should be made to bring back black money and the government was doing that.
our overall emphasis has been on faster decisions, bolder decisions, a cleaner economy, freedom from black money, freedom from corruption and a friendly environment for doing business so that the larger returns that come to the economy in terms of taxes can be spent on the poor of this country, arunjaitley said, adding that it is the prime ministers approach which has been followed in the recently presented budget.
on black moneys link to terrorism, modi said that enemies from across the border were running their operations using fake currency notes.
modi said the note ban had disturbed the sleep of congress leaders and their anger had not cooled.
these must be challenging times for the congress wont to using black money during elections, punjab deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal told et magazine.
BHUBANESWAR: Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has created a 'new normal' for the country's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move".
in his speech at a function in pune, modi said, enemies took advantage of the 14 lakh crore of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes in circulation.
fm cites higher tax mop up to dismiss economic slowdown fearsnew delhi, jan 9, 2017, (pti) 13:42 istdismissing concerns of slowdown due to demonetisation, finance minister arunjaitley today said both direct and indirect tax collections have shown robust increase during the april-december period, indicating uptick in economic activity including manufacturing.
tough rules against black money have sent shivers down the spines of many who have come on one platform, modi said in an oblique reference to the opposition parties who are grouping against the nda.
the black money problem, arunjaitley said, is a problem confined to few individuals.
committed to attack graft: pm after bjp show in civic pollsgonda (up), feb 24, 2017, (pti) 15:50 istbuoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister modi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
earlier in the day, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said it was noticed that the same people were coming back again and again to exchange notes, causing the long queues and creating hassles for genuine people to get their cash.
pushing for digital economy, modi asked the youngsters at the rally to download the bhim app and contribute to a cashless economy.
We find that many people are not able to reach the counter and same persons are visiting the counter multiple times and other people are not getting the benefits," Das said.
mr. das said the bold and decisive step to fight black money and the use of fake currency notes to finance terrorism was backed by analysis of indias currency trends.
special: experience the first 50 days after demonetisation through 50 exclusive stories from tnieterming the criticism, that almost the entire cash got deposited in the banks post demonetisation, as ill-informed, arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
guwahati: prime minister modi today said the demonetisation drive was a tough decision to take in view of the opposition parties' constant efforts to turn people against it.
prime minister narendramodi announced the scrapping of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, 2016, with an aim to weed out black money, counterfeit currency and terror funding.
in his speech to the joint sitting of both houses, president ram said, the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace.
hospitals should get cashless transaction system, says parrikarmangaluru, dec 26, 2016, dhns: 23:36 istdefence minister manoharparrikar said that a cashless system should be introduced in all government and private hospitals across the country.
in his speech on the november 8, modi had said: to break the grip of corruption and black money, we have decided that the rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes presently in use will no longer be legal tender from midnight tonight, that is 8th november 2016.
jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax, excise tax and realisation of vat by states, with the exception of two states, have gone up post demonetisation.
new delhi: vowing to carry forward the war against corruption and black money post-demonetisation, prime minister modi today said the government will soon operationalise a strong law to effectively deal with 'benami' properties and this was just the beginning.
At a separate briefing Thursday, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said that 50 per cent worth of the withdrawn currency would be in circulation by the end of the month.
taking a cue from advani,punjab chief minister park said,a big issue has come up in the country nda chief ministers should first give in writing and announce their assets and tell the government that it can seize any black money they have.
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo/file) prime minister narendramodi (source: pti photo/file)as part of his push for digital payments, prime minister narendramodi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments bharat interface for money (bhim) app for transactions.
when prime minister modi announced demonetisation, he had said the new year would see new india.
while appreciating the fellow countrymen on the ways in which demonetisation has shaped, pm modi in his speech said the following:the government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop, central bank.
on criticism that demonetisation was a shock to the system, modi said it was first necessary to consider whether the measure was needed.
Das said the RBI has a particular plan of action with regard to currency supply.
the impact of the demonetisation and the gst is well behind us, finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday after the numbers were announced.
(pti)kullu/palampur: prime minister modi has said that effigy-burning would not deter him from the fight against corruption and black money, alluding to the congress's call for protests on november 8, the first anniversary of the demonetisation.
spelling out advantages of demonetisation, meghwal said that it will help lower interest rate.
the common men suffered for 70 years on account of black money, corruption and terrorism, modi said.
people are happy about the fact that even modi's rs 1,000 notes are not usable anymore, modi said.
The Prime Minister had the temerity to take such a hard decision to fight black money and corruption, he said.
Terming the decision historic, Jaitley said : what was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the Prime Minister has created a new normalToday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty.
which is great for cashless economy, the pm said today in nagpur, even as he mimicked millennial users often portrayed with their heads downward flicking their fingers over their smartphones.
demonetisation was a bold and decisive strike in a series of measures to arrive at a bigger, cleaner and real gdp, arunjaitley told pti at karnali village, around 72 km from here.
and at a bjp parliamentary party meeting, modi said his government had given prominence to janshakti (peoples power) over rajshakti (state power) through the demonetisation decision.
thanking the 125 crore citizens (who have) proved that for them truth and honesty is important despite inconveniences post demonetisation, modi said corruption, black money and counterfeit currency had crippled the common man.
Besides, a task force has been constituted to monitor circulation of fake currency notes in vulnerable areas and to keep a watch on black money being deposited in the system".
new delhi, aug 15, 2015, (pti): 10:31 istcommitting to carry forward the fight against black money, prime minister narendramodi today said rs 6,500 crore of undisclosed foreign assets have been declared under the compliance window of the new law and the drive would continue despite its 'side effects'.
kumar had unambiguously praised demonetisation hours after prime minister modi announced the move on november 8 evening, even though the two other ruling allies in bihar  rjd and congress  had been critical of it.
meghwal said that after the demonetisation move, the digital transactions at petrol pumps have shown a remarkable increase.
in an address to the nation on december 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi had said the note recall was aimed at tackling corruption, black money, terror funding and fake currency.
prime minister modi announced the scrapping of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, 2016, with an aim to weed out black money, counterfeit currency and terror funding.
prime minister narendramodi had announced on november 8 last year the governments decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1000 bank notes, in a move aimed at tackling black money.
billing it as a major step to check corruption and tax evasion, arunjaitley in his budget speech said that the government has accepted a suggestion by the special investigation team on black money in this regard.
Those indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said in a tweet.
700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation: pmnew delhi, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 21:29 istaround 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister narendramodi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
Jaitley said the demonetisation, coupled with the implementation of GST, will make India a single market instead of 30 different markets in the states, facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said that one of the main reasons for the long queues outside banks was that people were lining up several times to exchange notes, frustrating the efforts of others who haven't been able to change their notes even once since the shock announcement.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said small traders and businesses will get a tax advantage of more than 30 per cent for digital transactions.
i say what they are observing is a 'black money support day', naidu said.
in the same year, nearly a month after prime minister narendramodi announced the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, it was reported that a record number of 564 maoists surrendered in the last 28 days.
govt doing everything on black money issuenew delhi, feb 23, 2015, dhns: 0:47 istthe government is determined to take all possible steps to stop generation of black money, both domestically and globally, president pranabmukherjee told a joint sitting of parliament on monday.
by iansshahdol: stepping up his attack on the congress and the gandhi family, prime minister modi on friday said the gandhis are crying even two years after demonetisation as they have lost ill-gotten money.
new delhi: union urban development minister naidu on thursday said that by creating a ruckus in parliament, the congress was trying to wriggle out of the discussion over demonetisation.
expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, 'digidhan' movement.
however, there will not be any problem with regard to atms functioning, ram told reporters.
this will make digital payments easy even for those who cannot read or write, thus realizing ambedkar's vision of social and financial empowerment for all, said modi.
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
it is looking for banks far and wide, modi said in an apparent swipe at thw bsp, which has come under scanner for alleged huge bank deposits post demonetisation.
watch video | find out what pm narendra modi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionannouncing these measures, finance minister arunjaitley said there has been a movement towards digital transactions from cash transactions since the government announced its decision to cancel the old notes.
describing demonetisation as a very important decision, modi said it worked wonders despite attempts by some quarters to derail the move.
pti photoasserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arun jaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
speaking at the first meeting of the bjp parliamentary party in the winter session, modi said the poor and the lower and middle classes have suffered the most due to black money, fake currency and corruption and his government is working to rid the country of these evils and make the economy stronger.
prime minister modi had announced on november 8 last year the governments decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1000 bank notes, in a move aimed at tackling black money.
it's just beginning, says pm as bjp mps endorse his 'crusade'new delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 13:09 istdemonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man, prime minister narendramodi today said as the bjp parliamentary party passed a unanimous resolution endorsing his great crusade.
alluding to rajiv gandhi's remark, modi said demonetisation brought back the 85 paise which were disappearing due to corruption.
das said the remonetisation process has reached near completion in less than 90 days of announcement of the demonetisation by the prime minister on november 8.
apart from continuing incursions from across the border, there was sufficient ground to believe that black money remained a serious concern despite a 86  old currency getting frozen overnight following the demonetisation, said amarindersingh , citing reports of frequent seizures of large sums of unaccounted for, new currency.
chief minister devendra fadnavis on sunday asked bankers to help realise prime minister narendra modis appeal for a cashless economy.
the indian economy was in good health when the government decided to scrap rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, modi said.
speaking to express, park said, there is a myth, just like the myth post demonetisation that prices would fall, that there is no demand for real estate.
to questions regarding change of rules 150 times after demonetisation announcement, modi said it was done to find ways to ease problems of people.
new delhi: as the central governments financial agencies are going behind the people using rogue bank accounts to park their black money; prime minister modi on sunday said that action would be taken against those guilty under benami law.
the centres demonetisation drive did not have any impact on rabi sowing and prices of crops like paddy, soyabean and maize, niti aayog member ram has said.
prime minister modi had announced demonetisation of the rs 500/1000 notes on the night of november 8.
on november 8, 2016, prime minister modi announced the withdrawal of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes to flush out high-denomination fake currency, mostly printed in pakistan.
addressing a rally at bandra kurla complex here, modi said while his government has launched the war from day one of assuming power, on november 8 at 8 pm it stuck a fatal blow to corruption and black money hoarders in the form of demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes.
modi in his independence day speech had said that the government's efforts to deal with the menace of black money were working and people have declared undisclosed income of about rs 6,500 crore.
modi said the return of black money into the banking system had brought along with it a treasure trove of data that would help his government punish wrongdoers.
last month, prime minister modi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings, post demonetisation.
in last week of december, during the demonetisation period, prime minister narendramodi had announced a scheme to boost real estate and provide affordable houses to all.
after prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8, 2016, chief minister nitish kumar was among the few none-bjp leaders who strongly supported it at the risk of angering anti-bjp forces.
replying to a debate on demand for grants (general budget), which the house passed by voice vote, meghwal said the opposition has been questioning demonetisation but the verdict in up and other states had proved people stood with pm narendra modi.
new delhi: new measures to ease the impact of demonetisation continued to trickle in on wednesday even as prime minister modi claimed that over 93 per cent of people who took his smartphone -based survey supported the move in his fight against black money.
union finance minister arun jaitley has said that the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
The decision would bring more transactions under tax net and both direct and indirect taxes would move up.
on the second day of the summit here, modi said: fighting corruption, black money and tax evasion were central to effective financial governance.
defending demonetisation, modi said the governments fight against corruption is not political.
anta poril kola dhonor bepar (the business of black money has come to end), deshdrohir uporot poril madho mar (traitors of the country have got beaten up), anuprabeshkari sokole polabo simapa (infiltrators will have to flee across the border),modi said as thousands cheered.
in its efforts to fight the black money menace as well as curb corruption, prime minister modi on november 8 last year announced cancelling old rs 500 and 1,000 notes.
sonowal said cashless payments have the potential to root out corruption from the system and urged the citizens to adopt cashless transactions as a way of life.
ghazipur (up): pummelling the congress and other parties which are opposing demonetisation, prime minister modi today said the corrupt were upset while the poor were enjoying a sound sleep after his decision and urged people to bear some inconvenience to root out graft.
prime minister modi (source: pti photo/file) prime minister modi (source: pti photo/file)as part of his push for digital payments, prime minister modi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments bharat interface for money (bhim) app for transactions.
last month, prime minister narendramodi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings, post demonetisation.
PTI PhotoAddressing party MPs at the BJPs Parliamentary party meeting, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that the Prime Minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities.
watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
referring to the november 8 demonetisation of `500 and `1,000 notes, modi said he knew that people with ill-gotten wealth will become his enemies but the people are with him.
(representational image)on november 8, prime minister narendramodi announced his ambitious demonetisation policy initiative to attack the scourges of corruption, black money and fake currency.
let us accept the challenge, plan accordingly and make a cashless economy possible, mr. fadnavis said while addressing an urgently-convened meeting of the state level bankers committee (slbc) in mumbai.
In the long term, this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy, Jaitley said.
last week, sbi chairperson arundhatibhattacharya said that the merger of associate banks with sbi itself is on track and remains unaffected by the demonetisation move.
bharataiya janata party president amitshah said on friday that the demonetisation has not affected the common people and only some politicians.
during an emotional address to the people in goa, prime minister modi yesterday said that he left his family and home to serve the nation, adding he understands the pain of the people who have been waiting in long queues to exchange their currencies.
according to the police, on november 8 when prime minister modi announced the ban on rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, neel sunder had prepared fake bills worth rs 28 crore which was accumulated from his other associates in the guise of converting black money for 30 percent commission.
in his rally at moradabad today, modi said he was being targeted for cracking down on those with black money.
Terming the decision historic, Jaitley said : what was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the Prime Minister has created a new normalToday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty.
speaking at the meeting, modi said demonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man.
justifying the 2016 demonetisation, modi said it unearthed huge black money.
union finance minister arunjaitley today said the purpose of demonetisation is served as it had led to larger and cleaner gdp.
on demonetisation, modi said his decision to ban notes has shaken congress to the core after the black money that they had hoarded turned valueless and was taken away in one stroke .
br ambedkars grandson and former mp prakash ambedkar alleged that a major chunk of black money was deposited in the banks before november 8, the day modi announced demonetisation.
on november 8, prime minister modi announced demonetisation of currency notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
launching a stinging attack on the opposition party over corruption at an election rally in sundernagar, modi said the congress campaign against demonetisation was driven by its attempts to mislead the people and create an atmosphere against him before he can raise a storm over benami assets.
buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi had yesterday said he was committed to root out corruption.
b'cash crunch: finance minister arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain states is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation.
chief minister akhileshyadav had announced financial assistance of rs 2 lakh for kin of economically backward families who die while waiting in queues at atms or banks.
modi also said he used the bitter medicine of demonetisation to bring back money into banking system and to give proper treatment to deep-rooted corruption system in the country.
with opposition parties questioning the government over benefits of the demonetisation process, arunjaitley said that tax authorities are conducting big data mining to zero in on those with income disproportionate to cash they deposited during the 50-day process.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitely told the BJP MPs that the demonetisation would help India embrace digital economy.
demonetisation will help us achieve an honest economy and help improve the lots of the poor, said modi.
this law will enable confiscation of benami property and provide for prosecution, thus blocking a major avenue for generation and holding of black money in the form of benami property, especially in real estate, arunjaitley said.
govt won't go soft on pursuit of black money: jaitleynew delhi, sep 9, 2015, pti: 12:51 istrefusing to relent on the pursuit of black money, finance minister arunjaitley today said the government will not go soft on bringing unaccounted wealth back into the formal system.
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax, excise tax and realisation of VAT by states, with the exception of two states, have gone up post demonetisation.
pm modi announced demonetisation in his address to the nation on november 8 claiming that the aim of the exercise was to hit at the heart of black money problem in the country.
Das said the government is keeping a close watch on deposits in Jan Dhan account as in many cases such account are being misused for parking black money".
december 25, 2016in this year's last radio address to the nation 'mann ki baat', modi on the occasion of christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of rs 1,000 each by a lucky draw.
(source: pti photo)stating that demonetisation has had no impact on gdp, prime minister narendramodi citing testimonials by apple chief tim cook, microsoft founder bill gates, world bank chief kristalina georgieva, nobel laureate for economics muhammad yunus and others, on tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect.
He said more than Rs 5 lakh crore of new currency have been circulated since November 8.
on november 8, prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation of rs. 500 and rs. 1,000 notes, thereby withdrawing 86 per cent or rs. 14 lakh crore worth currency from circulation.
However, the Prime Minister has redefined the old normal in India where black money, corruption and cash flow in elections was considered normal, Jaitley said, adding most activities earlier followed the practice of so much in cash and so much in cheque.
speaking on mondays protests against demonetisation, ram said they were not opposed to taking action against hoarders or eliminating fake currency.
there was some slowdown visible given the global situation even prior to demonetisation in the last year, arunjaitley said.
after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8, the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy.
on november 8, prime minister modi announced the government's decision to withdraw legal tender status of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, a move aimed at eliminating black money and curbing terror financing.
if there is state funding of elections the use of black money will stop, mamatabanerjee said in her first address to the assembly after taking charge of the state for a second term.
Responding to criticism of government on demonetisation by Trinmool Congress MP Saugata Roy, Jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in West Bengal.
defending the centres decision, prime minister modi on friday said the demonetisation move had empowered the common man in the fight against black money, while taking a swing at the opposition and critics saying they were flustered as they were caught off guard.
The Centre in its affidavit told the apex court that demonetisation is a step to reduce ratio of cash transactions, adding the objective is to unearth illegal parallel economy.
modi, who was speaking at the centenary celebrations of the karnataka lingayat education society here, said his government did not want to trouble the honest, but would not spare the dishonest as he defended the fight against black money and promised more steps to tackle the menace.
addressing a rally here, modi said, my justice is a little 'karak' (strong) - referring to the demonetisation move to uproot corruption.
black money fight against big people, not small traders: pmghaziabad, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 20:13 istprime minister modi today said the government's fight against black money was targeted at big people and big babus and that small traders need not worry.
Referring to demonetisation, he said it has not impacted the economy as apprehended by experts and added that even during the stress period (of November and December), the size of the formal economy was increasing.
the government has taken significant steps to check corruption and menace of black money in a short span of time, modi said at the inauguration of sixth global focal point conference (gfpc) on asset recovery here at vigyan bhavan.
defending government's decision to demonetise rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, arunjaitley said cash is the biggest facilitator of crime even though he agreed that there will be crime even if there is less cash.
modi said there was no going back on his fight against corruption and hoarders of black money and alleged that those hit by his actions, including the demonetisation move, are conspiring to hit back at him.
700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation: pmnew delhi, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 21:29 istaround 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister modi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
naidu said the biggest achievement of demonetisation was that money which was hiding in bed, bathrooms and iron safes had come back to banks.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
read morenew delhi: the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace, president ram said in his address to parliament on thursday and vowed that the government will make the zero tolerance policy against corruption more comprehensive and effective.
read morenew delhi: the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace, president ramnathkovind said in his address to parliament on thursday and vowed that the government will make the zero tolerance policy against corruption more comprehensive and effective.
modi said that while making the announcement to ban rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, he was aware that people will face inconvenience but i had requested the people of india to bear this short-term painfor long-term gain.
in his budget speech on wednesday, arunjaitley said the move was based on a proposal made by a special investigation team (sit) on black money.
stating the move was essential in the fight against black money, modi said the public could deposit their old notes at banks or post office accounts till december 30.
taking the nation by surprise, prime minister modi on the night of november 8 announced demonetisation of high-value notes with effect from midnight, in what he said was a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
responding to criticism of government on demonetisation by trinmool congress mp saugata roy, jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in west bengal.
in a facebook post on the second anniversary of demonetisation, arunjaitley said in first four years of the national democratic alliance (nda) government, the number of income tax returns filers has gone up to 6.
the bjp leaders from across the country said that there is an overwhelming support for the governments bold move to fight black money and corruption, union minister naidu said.
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax, excise tax and realisation of VAT by states, with the exception of two states, have gone up post demonetisation.
responding to criticism of the number of notifications during implementation of the demonetisation exercise  tmcs saugata roy pointed out that rules were changed 150 times  modi said the upa government had changed rules of mgnrega scheme 1,035 times in six years.
(source: ani_news/twitter)former finance minister p ram on wednesday said the gdp of india would take a hit of at least one per cent if not two owing to the demonetisation move by prime minister narendra modi.
obviously there is some inconvenience for a couple of days or a couple of weeks, but that cannot be an alibi that india continues to live (with black money and parallel economy), jaitley said.
lauding modis move against black money, chief minister parkashsinghbadal said that the drive would eradicate black money from india.
These must be challenging times for the Congress wont to using black money during elections," Punjab Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Singh Badal told ET Magazine.
when asked if the government has any plans to push digital payments for funding of political parties, arunjaitley said: can i tell you this would inevitably will be a future course.
the poor and the lower and middle classes have suffered the most due to black money, counterfeit currency and corruption, said modi.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
He pointed out that the issue of his alleged foreign assets was first raised by Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he (the PPCC president) was pitched against BJP's Arun Jaitley in Amritsar during the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
we can 'clean' india: modimumbai, nov 20, 2016, dhns 1:09 istindia would be free from all forms of filth in one generations time, prime minister narendramodi said on saturday night, sending out a strong message that there is no looking back on the mega-drive against black money and corruption.
digital payments are the future of financial transactions, jaitley said at the punjab national bank app launching ceremony held here.
bhubaneswar: union finance minister arun jaitley on thursday said prime minister narendra modi has created a 'new normal' for the country's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
replying to a debate in the rajya sabha on the benami transactions (prohibition) amendment bill 2016, which was later passed by voice vote (the lok sabha had passed it last week), arunjaitley said a law alone could not solve the problem of black money but efforts would have to be made to create fear of law.
collect details and prepare a comprehensive report on how demonetisation has impaired the finances of anti-national elements and groups,'' rajnathsingh told the intelligence agency at the inaugural of the 51st post-independence dgps/igps conference-2016 at the sardar vallabhbhai patel national police academy in hyderabad on friday.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
committed to attack graft: pm after bjp show in civic pollsgonda (up), feb 24, 2017, (pti) 15:50 istbuoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
New Delhi, Dec 2, 2016, (PTI): 12:39 ISTIn a stern warning to black money hoarders, the Finance Ministry today said those indulging in money laundering activities and converting their ill-gotten money into white will not be spared as law-enforcement agencies are already chasing such trails".
speaking after releasing two books on constitution in new delhi, prime minister modi said those who are criticizing the demonetisation move don't have problem with the government's preparedness, but they are having problems because they didn't get time to prepare for turning their black money into white.
reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, arunjaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
the demonetisation pulled them out and now the money is being used for your development, modi said, pointing towards the crowd.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
As a result, what is happening is that the benefit of withdrawal of cash is getting restricted to a smaller number of peopleto prevent such kind of misuse, the branches of banks will take recourse to the use of indelible ink marks for disbursement of cash.
replying to a query about opposition parties attacking the government over the issue, he said, prime minister modi while announcing the decision to invalidate rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 had said there will some inconvenience to people for the initial 50-day period after which the situation will ease out.
In response, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that there is no shortage of funds as Rs 100 notes are in circulation and the ATMs needed to be re-calibrated to issue new currency notes of Rs 500 and Rs 2,000.
in the backdrop of the industry's demand to reduce the proposed gst rates of 5 per cent, 12 per cent, 18 per cent and 28 per cent after demonetisation, cbec chairman najib shah said the centre and the states collected rs 8 lakh crore from indirect taxes, minus customs duty, and the same level of revenue had to be collected in the gst regime.
earlier, modi also said his governments war against corruption and black money was not a political fight and said it was meant to empower honest people.
addressing his first public rally in poll-bound uttar pradesh post the demonetisation drive, modi said: i want to assure you that your inconveniences will not go in vain.
talking to reporters later, manoharparrikar said those who sponsor terror will be affected by the demonetisation.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said that axis bank management has assured the government that it is taking action against the erring officials who are suspected to be involved in irregularities post demonetisation.
around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister modi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
extending his support to the chamber of industrial and commercial undertakings (cicu), ludhiana, amarindersingh said the impact of demonetisation on the states industries, already in the doldrums because of the badal governments antagonistic policies, had been devastating.
modi said the demonetisation ---- which has made the bjp unpopular, particularly in the rural areas --- had led to the closure of many shell companies that were tools of the congresss corruption.
speaking to select media on the completion of two-and-a-half years rule of telangana rashtra samithi (trs) government on friday, ram said the government would try to overcome the demonetisation problems and speed up the government activities in the second half of the rule.
finance minister arunjaitley told rajya sabha on tuesday that the remonetisation process moved smoothly after demonetisation was announced and that there was no shortage of currency supply, even for a single day.
new delhi: even while the opposition stayed adamant in attacking the manner of rollout of demonetisation, prime minister modi told an all party meeting on tuesday evening that the decision on scrapping old high denomination notes is a crusade against corruption and black money.
promising a new nation in a new year and a clean-up of what he called the 70-year-old slush pile of black money, prime minister narendramodi told his party mps tuesday that the decision to demonetise notes of higher denomination was to help the poor.
(pti) presenting an early budget will have certain advantages and the move is part of prime minister modi modi's economic reforms after demonetisation, bjp leader modi said today.
responding to noteban critics, arunjaitley said demonetisation has strengthen the economy and increased the government resources to fund poverty alleviation and infrastructure development programmes.
around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister narendramodi said in rajya sabha today, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax, excise tax and realisation of VAT by states, with the exception of two states, have gone up post demonetisation.
speaking after releasing two books on constitution in new delhi, prime minister modi said those who are criticizing the demonetisation move dont have problem with the governments preparedness, but they are having problems because they didnt get time to prepare for turning their black money into white.
modi said opposition played all types of games in the last three months raking up issues like demonetisation and surgical strike.
months of meetings before note ban: jaitleyfeb 8, 2017, new delhi, dhns 1:31 istdemonetisation was not an easy decision for the government and it took several months and a number of closed-door meetings to decide on the note ban, finance minister arunjaitley said on tuesday.
prime minister modi on tuesday announced demonetization of rs 500 and 1000 currency notes with effect from midnight, making these notes invalid in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
in his speech announcing demonetisation in november 2016, modi had said that banning certain currency notes would curb black money and circulation of fake notes by terrorist outfits.
it clearly indicates that our target to integrate black money economy with the formal economy is happening, arunjaitley said.
on the criticism that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post demonetisation, arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
union finance minister arunjaitley told the bjp mps that the demonetisation would help india embrace digital economy.
the number of persons under the tax net has increased by 91 lakh as unaccounted cash lost anonymity post note ban, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
finance minister arunjaitley said on wednesday the philosophy behind his budget is to spend more on identified success stories and carrying on with the governments campaign against black money, hours after unveiling measures to assure the country that the impact of demonetisation would wear off soon.
Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said that the demonetisation is due to sharp increase in circulation of these notes in the last five years.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:46 istin poll-bound uttar pradesh, prime minister narendramodi today said his demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls, in a veiled attack on bsp chief mayawati who has been facing such allegations.
in an attempt to weed out black money, prime minister narendramodi had announced the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
i am getting your invaluable support for the second cleanliness drive, modi said referring to the demonetisation decision of his government aimed at tackling black money, corruption and terror funding as he addressed the global citizen festival here.
mayawati and mulayam singh who were opposed to each other, came together on one issue when i waged a war on black money as they found that the ground was slipping under their feet, modi said.
on november 8, 2016, prime minister narendramodi announced the withdrawal of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes to flush out high-denomination fake currency, mostly printed in pakistan.
watch video: people que up at banks to exchange rs 500 & rs 1000 notes: heres what they saidon whether the demonetisation of rs 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money, jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including gst roll out.
The government has also formed a team of seven joint secretaries to monitor the supply of currency.
(source: pti photo)around 700 maoists have surrendered post-demonetisation and funds to terrorists in jammu and kashmir have been choked, prime minister narendramodi said in rajya sabha on wednesday, while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on naxalism and terrorism.
He emphasised that despite the difficulties being faced after note-ban, people were welcoming the move as they realised that the Prime Minister has displayed the required courage while taking a tough decision, aimed at curbing black money and getting it implemented.
by providing pos machines to traders, we will help farmers buy farm inputs without cash, fadnavis said.
only those holding huge stashes of untaxed black money need worry, modi said.
this will make digital payments easy even for those who cannot read or write, thus realising ambedkars vision of social and financial empowerment for all, modi said.
notebandi (demonetisation), prohibition and goods and services tax (gst) were very courageous steps, but many times i feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than demonetisation, deputy chief minister modi said at de-addiction day celebrations in patna in the presence of nitish and prohibition, excise and registration minister bijendra prasad yadav.
the decision on demonetisation is a movement to clean india, modi told lawmakers.
watch what else is making news:in an apparent reference to criticism of demonetisation by opposition parties, arunjaitley also said there would have been complaints even before cash or currency was invented and even if it gets eliminated tomorrow.
(representational image)on november 8, prime minister modi announced his ambitious demonetisation policy initiative to attack the scourges of corruption, black money and fake currency.
on november 8 last year, prime minister narendramodi announced the decision to demonetise all 1,000- and 500 rupee notes in an effort to curb black money and corruption.
new delhi: hitting out at those accusing the government of not being prepared for demonetisation, prime minister modi said they are actually pained that they themselves did not get time to make any preparation.
reiterating the need to move towards a cashless economy, modi said once black money is eliminated from the system, it is essential to ensure that fresh black money is not generated.
in a statement to the media, jaitley said, political parties have not been granted any exemption or privilege, post demonetisation and introduction of taxation amendment act, 2016.
responding to allegations on the governments failure to bring back black money, modi said had the upa government set up the special investigation team (sit) in 2011 as per a supreme court directive, the process would have started by now.
now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency, jaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
watch video | find out what pm narendramodi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionin the worlds largest democracy the demonetisation was revolutionary: it called into question the states promise to pay the bearer the face value on every banknote.
chief minister devendra fadnavis has asked district collectors to set up camps to educate the public about the benefits of cashless economy and train them in using this mode of transaction.
prime minister narendramodi prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi has asked his ministerial colleagues to give details of tours, if any, undertaken by them during the last three months, an exercise aimed at ascertaining whether they promoted demonetisation and other initiatives, sources said.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
in an interview to pti, finance secretary ashok lavasa said over  1.7 lakh pos machines have already been installed at public distribution system (pds) shops and more will be done in next few months.
The government has allowed citizens to deposit in their bank accounts old currency of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000, which has been declared invalid in the countrys biggest crackdown on black money, corruption and counterfeit notes, between November 10 and December 30.
In order to make transaction through cards cheaper, Das said RBI has asked National Payments Corporation of India to waive its various transaction charges.
and those who don't have phones need simply use their aadhar cards to make payments at micro-atms, nilekani said.
In the long term, this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy, Jaitley said.
watch video | find out what pm modi told cabinet over demonetisation decisionin the worlds largest democracy the demonetisation was revolutionary: it called into question the states promise to pay the bearer the face value on every banknote.
modi said his government was investing the money recovered post-demonetisation on carrying out public works and funding welfare schemes.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
my governments aim is to realise that dream, modi said while speaking at the prize distribution function of the month-long digidhan contest launched in december for users of the digital transaction mode.
in last week of december, during the demonetisation period, prime minister modi had announced a scheme to boost real estate and provide affordable houses to all.
He said the government had reason to believe that the old notes were exchanged at a premium.
bhubaneswar: union finance minister arun jaitley on thursday said prime minister narendra modi has created a new normal for the countrys economy by breaking all stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
months before prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country, a low level government karmachari in jharkhands latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction.
ghaziapur: prime minister modi on monday said that the inconvenience faced by the common man due to demonetisation will not go in vain.
after modi announced the demonetisation last year, haasan had tweeted that this has to be lauded transcending party lines.
defending the decision on demonetisation, modi said the menace of fake currency could not have been checked if such a big offensive was not initiated.
modi at a rally in agra yesterday said that political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams were attacking him because they had been hit hard by demonetisation, indirectly referring to mamata banerjee.
referring to black money, arunjaitley said the government is proceeding as per the rulebook, and added making public defaulters names via a process other than judicial would indirectly benefit those stocking black money abroad.
pti photoaddressing party mps at the bjps parliamentary party meeting, finance minister arunjaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities.
earlier, arunjaitley in a facebook post said demonetisation has helped in formalising the economy, expanding tax base and earmarking more resources for the poor.
the modi government is determined to tackle the black money issue, said amitshah while addressing the media on the completion of one year of nda government.
in the coming times more steps will be taken against black money, said modi.
He had said the government has declared a decisive war against black money and corruption.
new delhi: even as bjp mps hailing from uttar pradesh claimed that the momentum in favour of the saffron outfit was sliding ahead of the assembly elections due to demonetisation, prime minister modi on friday said that the nation is above party interests.
addressing a rally in ambikapur in chhattisgarh ahead of the second phase of voting on november 20, modi claimed people did not have issues with demonetisation, but only a family.
prime minister modi in rajya sabha prime minister modi in rajya sabhaspeaking against corruption and black money during his reply to the debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in rajya sabha, prime minister modi on wednesday said the governments fight against corruption is not political.
The government also has plans to introduce Rs 100 and Rs 50 currency notes with a new design and enhanced security features.
demonetisation curbed use of black money in the sector, modi said, adding his decisions face problems in the beginning as he works ahead of time.
even as there were reports that bjp leaders would stay away from the wedding that has come at a time when prime minister modi has announced war on black money, there was a lineup of leaders of the party at the event.
The Centre had submitted an affidavit last week on the demonetisation move in the Supreme Court, saying it is an attempt to unearth black money stashed over the last seven decades.
It has been decided that for wedding ceremonies which are going on, up to Rs  2.50 lakh will be permitted to be drawn from the bank account.
he expressed hope that the government would increase the number of micro-atms in the country to one million from the current 130,000, and said cashless transactions will completely remove bureaucracy from the country.
Referring to demonetisation, he said it has not impacted the economy as apprehended by experts and added that even during the stress period (of November and December), the size of the formal economy was increasing.
new delhi, aug 15, 2015, (pti): 10:31 istcommitting to carry forward the fight against black money, prime minister modi today said rs 6,500 crore of undisclosed foreign assets have been declared under the compliance window of the new law and the drive would continue despite its 'side effects'.
digital pushpushing for digital transactions, modi said, everyone has right to use his or her money and no one stops them.
buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
new delhi: asserting that hard cash in india would become obsolete in the near future, union finance minister arun jaitley on monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
Responding to criticism of government on demonetisation by Trinmool Congress MP Saugata Roy, Jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in West Bengal.
lauding modis move against black money, chief minister park said that the drive would eradicate black money from india.
asked whether his criticism of the centre appeared to be hypocritical, given that the telugu desam party (tdp), of which he is the president, had been part of the national democratic alliance (nda) government till march this year, naidu said, i was against the demonetisation of the high-value currency notes, and said so after the move was announced.
further explaining his stand against demonetisation, the former union minister said, 80 per cent transactions in germany and austria is cash-based, in australia it is 60 per cent, canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent, and prime minister narendramodi says india will go 100 per cent cashless.
punjab congress president captain amarindersingh says the rbi orders prohibiting cooperative banks from exchanging/accepting old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes are to blame for the state of affairs in rural punjab.
speaking in lok sabha after prime minister narendra modis fiery speech earlier in the day in the house, shashitharoor said, even the rbi has said that demonetisation did not bring the change as promised by the government.
Instead, Modi chose not only to go ahead with the ill-conceived move but aggravated the chaos and the woes of the people by getting the finance ministry and the RBI to issue new diktats every day, he pointed out.
emphasising that the move destroyed the economy, lives and livelihoods, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said: modi and his minions claimed demonetisation will end black money, finish corruption, terminate terrorism, and bring only digital transactions.
prime minister modi had announced the note ban on november 8 last year, and rjd chief lalu prasad on monday said the decision destroyed the country's economy.
people still suffering due to note banpeople across the country continue to suffer three months after the unexpected implementation of demonetisation on november 8, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said, dhns reports from kolkata.
explaining what he called the real reason behind the note ban, gandhi said, only 6% of the black money is in cash and the rest 94% is in real estate, gold and swiss bank accounts.
new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and his delhi counterpart arvind kejriwal on thursday asked the government to scrap the demonetisation decision in three days or face a revolt.
says a banker who recounts the last ten days in his life, post demonetisationfrom the minute prime minister modi announced the breaking, heart-breaking (for the hoarders) and nation-shaking news on the fateful night of november 8 about the note ban, the banker in me became restless.
CHANDIGARH: A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress president Captain Amarinder Singh pointed out on Monday that the "much touted" move to demonetise Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes had failed to check the inflow of terrorists or fake currency from Pakistan to India.
earthquakeduring the winter session last year, which was washed out because of ruckus over the governments note ban move, gandhi told reporters outside parliament that he had information about personal corruption by the prime minister and there would be an earthquake if he was allowed to speak in lok sabha.
It is common sense that if 86% of the cash is taken out of the market, there will be problems, said, adding that the government should have prepared itself better before making the announcement.
read|demonetisation has been monumental management failure, says manmohanchidambaram castigated modi for quoting from madhav godboles book in which the former bureaucrat claimed that former pm indira gandhi had rejected the idea of demonetisation telling then finance minister yb chavan about electoral compulsions.
modi said he wanted to fight against black money so that ordinary citizens get rs 15 lakh each but what came was rs 3.
tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roy at the parliament house express photo tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roy at the parliament house express photopointing out that prime minister narendramodi had said that hardships will last only 50 days after demonetisation of high-value currency on november 8 last year, opposition parties, led by the trinamool congress (tmc), on wednesday slammed the government for continuing restrictions on cash withdrawal from banks and atms even 90 days on.
kolkata: communist party of india (marxist) on friday alleged that the state's bjp unit knew about the demonetisation beforehand and deposited rs 1 crore in rs 1000 and rs 500 currency notes in the party account of a nationalised bank just hours before prime minister modi announced scrapping of high value notes at 8 pm on tuesday.
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan.
also read: pm-kisan scheme an insult to farmers, says priyanka gandhiduring the demonetisation, no thief or person with black money, but farmers, youths, unemployed, and people of bundelkhand stood in the queues, said gandhi.
making similar demand, cpi(m) general secretary ram said that in the meeting they told the government that there should be discussion on demonetisation for two days as it has severely impacted the people across india, who have suffered due to this irrational move.
otherwise, the mass anger due to agrarian distress, demonetisation or rising fuel prices among others will not have led to humiliation for the bjp in the assembly polls, omarabdullah said at an event here.
dipak mishrapatna: opposition parties are gearing up to observe november 8 - which marks a year since prime minister modi announced demonetisation - as black day.
speaking in a public rally in goa, a few days after announcing demonetisation on 8 november, 2016, prime minister narendramodi had asked for 50 days from the people of india for note-ban related hardships to endit has been 100 days since modi announced the scrapping of 86  of indias currency in circulation.
if they (the akalis) are allowed to continue with their uninhibited control over the states administration till the completion of the polls, they will not only plunge the state into further lawlessness but will misuse the shiromani gurdwara parbandhak committee (sgpc) to convert their black money into white, said amarinder.
taking on prime minister narendra modi over last novembers demonetisation exercise, senior congress leader p chidambaram said on saturday he would have quit as finance minister if forced to implement the measure.
home minister g ram said, modi, who falsely promised he will change the 70-year-old economy in 50 days, does not have answers on how much black money is present in the country and how much is with terrorists.
all restrictions should be withdrawn immediately #demonetisation, mamatabanerjee said in a tweet on monday.
ani byraebareli: congress president gandhi on saturday said that no prime minister except narendra modi took foolish decisions such as demonetisation and goods and servies tax (gst) in the past 70 years.
maken also recalled that prime minister modi , during his lok sabha election campaign, had said that if the black money is brought back, each citizen will have rs 15 lakh while home minister rajnath singh, who was then bjp president, had promised to bring back black money within 100 days.
chief minister mamatabanerjee claimed the victory was a result of public ire against demonetisation and said the party will launch district and panchayat-level agitations in bengal from wednesday against the move.
As a result what is happening is that the benefit of withdrawal of cash is getting restricted to smaller number of people.
donning a himachali cap with dry followers atop, rahulgandhi in his forty minute speech said,``demonetisation is a move against the poor.
a buyer mukeshkumar had such an experience on thursday when new indian express visited kankarbagh for a month-after assessment of what has been wrought by the big d.having received the expected response from prasadji, mr mukeshkumar told me his party of the story: the atms are still giving this note only.
as early as 11am, the state bank of india (sbi) atm at bomikhal had run out of cash, reminding the kiosk's security guard of the initial days after prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8.
Terming such acts as blatant fraud and cheating on the people, Amarinder once again demanded a review of the demonetisation policy to minimize the woes of the people".
What of people who have already exchanged thousands through their employees?
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said people have been forced to accept the scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes not willingly but out of fear, taking a dig at prime minister narendra modis vehement justification of demonetisation of higher value notes in parliament on tuesday.
in a written reply to the rajya sabha, meghwal said: no high quality ficn has been recovered post demonetisation.
making political hay of data released by the central statistics office and taking a swipe at economists  some like harvard professor and nobel laureate amartya sen called demonetisation a despotic action that has struck at the root of economy based on trust while manmohan singh who went to oxford described it as organised loot and legalised plunder  modi told election rallies in maharajganj and deoria that ek taraf woh vidhwano ki jamaat hai jo harvard university ke naam par baat karte hain, ek aur garib ma ka beta hai jo hard work ke dwara desh ki arth-neeti badalne par laga hua hai (on the one hand, there are intellectuals who speak in the name of harvard university, and on the other, a poor mothers son is trying to change the economic policy of the country).
in punjab's context, amarindersingh said the agriculture sector, which was largely dependent on cash transactions, had been hit hard, along with the informal sector.
i dont know what the note contains but the conclusion i believe was that demonetisation is not a wise step, ram told ht.
donning a himachali cap with dry followers atop, gandhi in his forty minute speech said,``demonetisation is a move against the poor.
jharkhiholi had made news in november when, days after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of high-value currencies, he had conducted an extravagant wedding for his son on the lines of former bjp minister and mining baron g janardhan reddys daughters wedding the same month.
his plans were pushed back when prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8.
Referring to the latest U-turn by the RBI on deposit of old notes under the demonetisation policy, Amarinder said Modi and his team were pushing the country into a state of financial anarchy and chaos by not following any rules in the matter of demonetisation.
reacting to union finance minister arun jaitleys claim that the post-demonetisation situation in the country would stabilise in another two to three weeks, amarindersingh said he did not see the situation improving even in the next one year.
Reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the Congress comes to power in the state, Amarinder said Modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban.
Reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the Congress comes to power in the state, Amarinder said Modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban.
siddaramaiah said the cooperative sector that is so critical in servicing the farmers and the rural folk virtually came to stand still because of demonetisation.
the reserve bank of india had warned the government about demonetisation hours before prime minister narendramodi announced the move on november 8, 2016, congress leader jairan ramesh said at a press conference on monday.
dipak mishrapatna: opposition parties are gearing up to observe november 8 - which marks a year since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation - as black day.
in a bid to expose modi's double speak, nitishkumar said: modi had promised to bring back black money after being elected to power.
the issue came for discussion at the last meeting of the union cabinet during which prime minister manmohansingh had said that it was not possible to make specific details such as about black money parked in swiss banks.
in a statement issued here, amarindersingh said sundays encounter in kashmir and reports of pakistan pushing fake rs 2,000 currency into india via bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by modi.
the impact of demonetisation was bound to show up on the growth figures, said dk ram , chief economist of crisil, while forecasting 7.
Some have plenty (of new currency), and there are some who have nothing, it said.
pointing out that a few days ago the finance minister arunjaitley had said the economic decline had nothing to do with demonetisation, rahul said the entire world is saying the demonetisation has wrecked indian economy.
attacking the centre over currency ban, akhileshyadav said it was not only that the people who suffered due to demonetisation, note ban had hit the countrys economy equally hard.
after prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation move on november 8, 2016, there was a liquidity squeeze in the market and the demand for jewellery went down by around 80 per cent.
if demonetisation is beneficial for the common man, then why are the shopkeepers, farmers and labourers suffering so much, mamatabanerjee asked the crowd present at the meeting.
during the budget debate in the parliament, finance minister arunjaitley too had said that the demand for perishables had been affected due to demonetisation.
not much has been done to address the adverse impact of demonetisation, naveenpatnaik said and added that specific concerns of odisha relating to development of kbk region, opening of bank branches in unbanked gram panchayats and meeting of developmental aspirations of scs and sts have not been addressed.
Senior lawyer Kapil Sibal, who appeared for one of the petitioners, told the bench that people are starving in the streets as there was no cash at all.
still, the best overall performance of the economy was recorded since october 2016, endorsing the standpoint that the economy is recovering from the implementation of the twin shocks of demonetisation and gst, dodhia said.
as early as 11am, the state bank of india (sbi) atm at bomikhal had run out of cash, reminding the kiosk's security guard of the initial days after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8.
in a statement issued here, amarinder said sundays encounter in kashmir and reports of pakistan pushing fake rs 2,000 currency into india via bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by modi.
congress mp shashitharoor (pti photo) congress mp shashitharoor (pti photo)attacking the government over demonetisation, congress leader shashitharoor tuesday said there has been no positive impact on the economy due to note ban.
In a statement issued here, Amarinder said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake Rs 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi.
prime minister modi announced the demonetisation on november 8, a decision that sucked out 86  of the currency notes in circulation and left millions lining up at banks and atms for cash.
chennai: the textile sector nearly hit a standstill during the first few weeks after prime minister modi announced demonetisation.
i fail to understand it), said akhileshyadav while trying to bring home the point that the bjp had used demonetisation as a tool to befool people in the name of checking black money and curbing corruption.
blaming modi of misusing powers by implementing demonetisation, gandhi said: demonetisation had taken money out of people's pockets and the prime minister gave that amount to his industrialist friends.
However, Anand Pawar, a businessman from Fort, does not believe that the introduction of indelible ink will make a difference.
In a statement issued here, Amarinder said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake Rs 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi.
speaking on mondays protests against demonetisation, siddaramaiah said they were not opposed to taking action against hoarders or eliminating fake currency.
still, the best overall performance of the economy was recorded since october 2016, endorsing the standpoint that the economy is recovering from the implementation of the twin shocks of demonetisation and gst," dodhia said.
siddaramaiah said demonetisation has hit tax collection, but the commercial taxes department will meet the revenue target of rs 51,338 crore for the current financial year.
the government and opposition parties were thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister arun jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend demonetisation while congress president gandhi said the note ban cost 1.
pt ram , assistant general manager, sbi main branch, hubballi, said their atms are not facing any virus threat, but admitted to a cash crunch.
modi claimed that while all political parties stood together on the issue of corruption, both mayawati and sp patriarch mulayam singh yadav were both angered by his note ban decision.
prior to november 8, the day prime minister modi announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 banknotes, around rs 13,000 crore was fed daily into the countrys 220,000 atms.read | 50 days of demonetisation: atm queues shorter but ripples to remain in januarythough cash situation is better, queues can still be seen outside several atm kiosks, primarily due to withdrawal restrictions  rs 4,500 per day and rs 24,000 a week.
In a statement issued here, Amarinder said Sunday's encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake Rs 2,000 notes into India via Bangladesh were "proof" that the decision was ill-conceived and not helping curb terror.
questioning the governments move to replace rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes with new ones, shashitharoor said it has only added to corruption.
talking about gst and demonetisation, gandhi claimed: due to gst and demonetisation, small and medium businesses have been destroyed.
jo kataarein atm ke bahar lagi hai wo polling booth ke bahar lagegi (polling booths will see long queues like ones outside atms now, akhileshyadav told pti in an interview.
need for maximum oppn unity, note ban a diversion: nitishnew delhi, feb 10, 2017 (pti) 21:23 istthere is need for maximum opposition unity against bjp based on a proper agenda, bihar chief nitishkumar said today in comments that were also critical of demonetisation which he felt was done without preparation.
gandhi claimed that lakhs of youth lost jobs because of demonetisation and gst as production in factories stopped due to lack of demand in the market.
accusing modi of being totally arrogant, mamatabanerjee claimed alleged that he was responsible for over 120 deaths owing to demonetisation.
addressing the mediapersons on the spot, amarinder said: people of punjab were facing unprecedented financial crisis, but the state government led by chief minister parkash singh badal was completely unconcerned about their plight since they had control of various institutions and businesses to transform their own black money into white.
highlighting modi governments failure in almost all sectors, mamata said: modi said demonetisation would bring down terrorism, instead it had grown during his tenure.
since prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation of high value currency notes on november 8, there have been long queues outside banks and atms.in his written communication to rbi and sbi, prakash chand (controller of accounts - pao) said that nowdays public was visiting the bank branches for withdrawal of money from their accounts and also depositing and exchanging their old notes.
despite his opposition to demonetisation, ram said there was no evidence that majority of the jan dhan accounts were used for money laundering post-currency withdrawal.
You will have the currency squeeze that will take place because a lot of static currency is not going to come back into the market.
it is the same as encouraging cashless initiatives without creating infrastructure post-demonetisation and recalling old notes without calibrating atms, said jamshedpur petroleum dealers association general secretary rajivkumar and owner of an hp fuel outlet in sakchi.
asked about the budget being hailed as a surgical strike, gandhi said, surgical strikes will happen on mr modi one after the other over the next two months on issues such as rafale, jobs and demonetisation.
bengalureans have been depending on various jugaad methods since the day prime minister modi announced a surgical strike on black money.
ani byraebareli: congress president rahulgandhi on saturday said that no prime minister except narendra modi took foolish decisions such as demonetisation and goods and servies tax (gst) in the past 70 years.
it is a fact that perhaps the demonetisation process, as was pointed out, may cause a momentary setback or momentary slowdown (to the country's exports), commerce secretary rita teaotia said.
gandhi said that he would continue to fight for the salaried class and put pressure on the government which works for a selected group of industrialists and those with black money.
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan.
private sector activity dipped for the first time since the demonetisation shock and to the greatest extent since early 2009, mirroring the sales trend," said pollyanna de lima , principal economist at ihs markit.
raising his pet poll issues, gandhi said: prime minister narendra modi ruined the country's economy by implementing demonetisation and 'gabbar singh tax' (gst).
pm narendramodi with bjp chief amit shah pm narendramodi with bjp chief amit shahformer sp youth wing president of baghpat district, tarun deo yadav, has announced appropriate reward for those who would behead prime minister narendramodi and bjp chief amit shah for creating an emergency-like situation through demonetisation and being responsible for the 2002 godhra riots.
it has been three days since prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, and people have been running helter-skelter to get their currency exchanged.
district in-charge minister ram said demonetisation has affected the country massively in terms of declining growth rate.
Reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the Congress comes to power in the state, Amarinder said Modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban.
Noting that the symbolic sops he had announced for farmers in his New Year eve address to the nation were not enough to rescue the farming community from the crisis into which they had been plunged due to note ban, Amarinder said Modi had failed to announce debt waiver even though the Congress had recently submitted to him more than one crore forms from Punjab and Uttar Pradesh farmers seeking relaxation.
hyderabad: days after ap chief minister chandrababu ram said people are fast losing faith in the banking system, the two telugu-speaking states  telangana and andhra pradesh  have joined hands on the cash crunch, contesting union finance minister arun jaitleys claims that the cash shortage is only a temporary phenomenon.
union minister ram said that the congress is indulging in fear-mongering on demonetisation.
the government seems to have reached its levels of desperation to overcome the initial blunder it created through the unplanned and unthought process of demonetisation, gandhi said on facebook.
on the other hand, mp and former jd(u) president sharad yadav sits on a dharna with trinamool congress chief mamata banerjee, demanding a rollback of the demonetisation decision, senior bjp leader modi said.
A woman displays a bank coupon issued for collecting cash on Tuesday.
talking to reporters outside rashtrapati bhavan after leading a delegation of some opposition party leaders to meet president pranab mukherjee, mamatabanerjee said her party was for tackling black money and accused the central government of implementing the demonetisation move without proper planning.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) accusing prime minister narendra modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president rahulgandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
PMS ADDRESS DISAPPOINTING: JAKHARMeanwhile, state Congress vice-president Sunil Jakhar said Modis address to the nation on the New Year eve has left the people suffering from the demonetisation move disappointed.
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan.
by ptiwashington: demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst) are the two major headwinds that held back india's economic growth last year, former rbi governor raghuramrajan has said, asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country's needs.
amid criticism over the demonetisation move affecting many people and its overall benefits, ram claimed that while the whole nation stood with the prime minister, the opposition chose to be with the corrupt people.
rohatgi said, several cases are filed each passing day in various high courts on various aspects post demonetisation and it is not possible to deal with cases simultaneously in kerala, kolkata, jaipur and mumbai.
by ptiwashington: demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst) are the two major headwinds that held back india's economic growth last year, former rbi governor ram has said, asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country's needs.
He appealed to the judiciary to stop the Modi government from playing a fraud with the people, saying these changing rules were wreaking havoc with the lives of the people already reeling under immense hardship as a result of the currency ban.
kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee today asked prime minister narendra modi about how many more lives would be lost in the country in the wake of the demonetisation move.
hitting out at the government on demonetisation, gandhi said, last year i dont know what happened on november 8th narendra modi got an idea, he came on the tv and said bhaio, behno im going to ban the notes in your pockets.
in bhilwara, gandhi said demonetisation and gst left lakhs of people unemployed.
chandigarh: punjab congress president capt amarindersingh on sunday said the party will move the court over the demonetisation related deaths, even as he extended his full support to the proposed strike by the industries over the issue on december 16.
accusing prime minister narendra modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president rahulgandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)accusing prime minister narendra modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president gandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
while announcing rs 2 lakh compensation for the families of demonetisation victims, chief minister akhileshyadav on wednesday said the government would give rs 5 lakh to the family members of the woman who immolated herself after allegedly failing to exchange scrapped currency notes in aligarh district.
a day after finance minister arunjaitley said it will be erroneous to attribute the slowdown in economic growth in the last quarter of 2016-17 solely to demonetisation, congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi said the best way to describe the governments reaction was utter confusion, perplexity, hypocrisy, bewilderment and bemusement.
modi said we will give rs 15 lakh in every bank account (by bringing back black money stashed away abroad), but didnt even deposit rs 5.
In a statement issued here on Tuesday, the Congress leader said from the war hysteria whipped up two months ago to the demonetisation shocker that it unleashed against the people of India, the Modi government seemed to be moving concertedly in the direction of triggering unrest in the country in order to further their political interests, and to protect their friends in the industry and in their party.
lalu said that modi may claim that it was his bold decision but in reality, demonetisation has taken the country back by many years.
Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Sunday asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his demonetisation move.
(file photo)at a public meeting on monday, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee asked corporate houses and businessmen why they were keeping quiet about demonetisation and urged them to come forward and speak out against it.
In a statement issued here, Amarinder said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake Rs 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi.
commenting on the demonetisation process, manmohansingh had said yesterday that it was responsible for the slowdown in indias economy and cited a collapse in private sector investment and the reduction of the industrys gross value added growth.
reminding him of his poll promise, mamatabanerjee said: he has not been able to bring back the black money stashed abroad but has snatched away peoples money slyly by demonetizing the high value notes.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)accusing prime minister narendra modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president rahulgandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said on thursday she was correct in opposing the demonetisation move by the centre, a day after data showed a weaker-than-expected economic growth that may have been hit by the ban on high-denomination banknotes.
when customers told her that the banks were unable to give rs 100 denomination notes, mamatabanerjee told them to insist on the same.
jharkhiholi had made news in november when, days after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of high-value currencies, he had conducted an extravagant wedding for his son on the lines of former bjp minister and mining baron g janardhan reddys daughters wedding the same month.
When you change design of notes, it is a laborious process, he said, adding that if the government had decided in favour of simultaneous release ofRs 1,000 notes, more designers would have to be engaged, thus putting the secrecy element at risk.
the then finance minister arunjaitley had told rajya sabha in response to a question on december 18, 2018 that according to information available three officials of state bank of india and one of its customers died during the period of demonetisation.
the demonetisation step is irreversible, ram said.
rajkot: assailing prime minister narendra modi over demonetisation, senior congress leader p chidambaram today said he would have quit as finance minister if forced to implement the measure.
It's not a satisfactory number, we have to remember that the sector itself is going under a major structural reform.
during the 40-minute long meeting, mamatabanerjee claimed to have spoken about the problems faced by the common people due to the demonetisation move.
after prime minister modi announced that rs 500 and rs 1,000 currencies have no legal tender from midnight of november 8, the black money holders have been finding various way to change their money into white.
this is an attempt to break the unity of the opposition on the issue of demonetisation, congress general secretary c p ram told reporters in new delhi.
before taking the decision, proper exercise to know whether the nation has sufficient notes of lower denomination to compensate the old ones was not done, said ram babu.
we are also struggling a lot because of the demonetisation, said kumarravi , who wanted to go to chennai from mysuru road satellite bus station.
demonetisation was a bad idea implemented badly and gst was a good idea implemented badly, shashitharoor said.
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan.
those who implemented demonetisation should be asked the rest of the things, nitishkumar said.
finance minister ram claimed there was no record of the cabinet meeting of november 8 which, according to the government, had taken the demonetisation decision.
earlier, attacking the narendra modi government on demonetisation, congress president gandhi on wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers.
in the video of the programme, which surfaced on media, jalil is heard telling the crowd that prime minister modi had said if he fails to end people's woes within 50 days of demonetisation, then he would be ready to face any punishment.
It is common sense that if 86% of the cash is taken out of the market, there will be problems, said, adding that the government should have prepared itself better before making the announcement.
THE SUPREME Court on Thursday asked the Centre how crores in new currency were being seized every day, even as banks have expressed their inability to dispense Rs 24,000 to each account holder  the weekly withdrawal limit set after demonetisation.
in yet another attack at the narendra modi-led bhartiya janata party (bjp) government, chidambaram said, the economy has slowed down because of demonetisation.
earlier, attacking the narendra modi government on demonetisation, congress president rahulgandhi on wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers.
prime minister narendramodi had said that after demonetisation, terrorism will stop but it has not happened.
in a speech laced with barbs and humour, modi said opportunities were given to those with black money to come clean.
seeking to debunk the exaggerated claims of the prime minister, ram said instead of targeting black money and corruption, the government has targeted the poor.
Further action is being taken by the tax department and it is not an aimless fishing expedition," Das said.
gandhi said finance minister arunjaitley had recently said economic decline had nothing to do with the demonetisation.
new delhi: note ban has hit the national capital's economic growth and forced the city government to cut spending on various developmental projects by about rs 4,100 crore, deputy chief minister manishsisodia said today.
according to information accessed from the registrar of companies (roc), in the year after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation , at least 11,286 companies have been struck off, the fifth most in the country after delhi and maharashtra, andhra pradesh-telangana and tamil nadu.
according to information accessed from the registrar of companies (roc), in the year after prime minister modi announced demonetisation , at least 11,286 companies have been struck off, the fifth most in the country after delhi and maharashtra, andhra pradesh-telangana and tamil nadu.
2:30 pm speaking about congress plans to launch a black day drive on november 8, the anniversary of demonetisation move, pm modi said, theyre going to celebrate 8 nov as black day & burn my effigies.
Announcing the use of indelible ink, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said: We have received reports that certain unscrupulous elements, who are trying to convert black money into white, have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another to exchange notes and get Rs 4,500 each.
a day after four militants were killed in kashmir, punjab congress chief captain amarinder singh on monday said despite the narendra modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from pakistan.
denouncing demonetisation, shashitharoor said that there was no positive effect of demonetisation on the economy.
tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roy at the parliament house express photo tmc mp sukhendu sekhar roy at the parliament house express photopointing out that prime minister modi had said that hardships will last only 50 days after demonetisation of high-value currency on november 8 last year, opposition parties, led by the trinamool congress (tmc), on wednesday slammed the government for continuing restrictions on cash withdrawal from banks and atms even 90 days on.
with the bjp focusing on boosting his image as a pro-poor pm, modi also asked the mps to promote and market bhim, the governments digital payment application.
the reserve bank of india had warned the government about demonetisation hours before prime minister modi announced the move on november 8, 2016, congress leader jairan ramesh said at a press conference on monday.
p ram said that the demonetisation move would hit the gdp.
referring to the latest u-turn by the rbi on deposit of old notes under the demonetisation policy, amarinder said modi and his team were pushing the country into a state of financial anarchy and chaos by not following any rules in the matter of demonetisation.
Further action is being taken by the tax department and it is not an aimless fishing expedition," Das said.
Modi could easily have rolled back the demonetisation decision within the first few days of its announcement, as soon as it became evident that far from meeting its objective of curbing black money and corruption it was actually creating unprecedented problems for the innocent people," said Amarinder.
referring to defence minister manohar parrikar's claim that demonetisation had a positive impact on the kashmir situation, omarabdullah said, instead of continuing to invest in delusions and deflections, there is a need to understand real issues so that a solution can be worked out.
At a separate briefing Thursday, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said that 50 per cent worth of the withdrawn currency would be in circulation by the end of the month.
prime minister modi on november 8 announced the scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, which formed about 86 per cent of total currency in circulation, with an aim to curb blackmoney and corruption.
attacking modis policy, gandhi said that two months after the conclusion of demonetisation drive, the government has failed to provide even estimate of black money unearthed.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , a strident modi critic, told journalists after the opposition meeting that all parties criticised the governments handling of kashmir, caste clashes in saharanpur, demonetisation and incidents of cow vigilantism.
(file)hitting out strongly at the centre over its unplanned and inhuman demonetisation move, punjab congress chief amarinder singh on tuesday said that the step would backfire on the modi government.
lashing out at the prime minister for taking refuge in histrionics and falsehoods to cover up his failure in managing demonetisation, amarinder said contrary to modis claims, poor of the country were suffering the most from the move.
the finance ministry has urged people to withdraw only as much cash as they need from atms, and the ministry is looking into complaints about atms running dry, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said here on wednesday.
This is ridiculous, said Rajkamal Das, who is a bank employee himself.
announcing the use of indelible ink, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said: we have received reports that certain unscrupulous elements, who are trying to convert black money into white, have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another to exchange notes and get rs 4,500 each.
the govt seems to have reached its levels of desperation to overcome the initial blunder it created, through the unplanned and unthought process of demonetisation, gandhi said in his facebook post.
accusing prime minister narendra modi of impinging upon the autonomy of institutions like the rbi, congress vice president gandhi said on monday the central banks governor was informed of his decision on demonetisation just a day before the move.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo) west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo)west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said the centre must announce a farm loan waiver across the country and claimed that the farmers were in distress due to demonetisation.
modi could easily have rolled back the demonetisation decision within the first few days of its announcement, as soon as it became evident that far from meeting its objective of curbing black money and corruption it was actually creating unprecedented problems for the innocent people, said amarinder.
reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the congress comes to power in the state, amarinder said modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban.
asked if it was now clear that demonetisation led to lower growth, arunjaitley said: what you think is very clear is not very clear.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, however, termed the byelection result as a mandate against the Centre's decision of demonetisation.
scuttling the debate on demonetisation for than two weeks and not allowing parliament, staging dharnas, going to the well of the house, abusing the prime minister, raising slogans is in no way going to help democracy, naidu said.
even countries which are technologically far more advanced than india with comparatively much smaller size population do not have such a system in place, said mukherjee, while complimenting the government for promotion of digital transactions.
despite those problems, prime minister modi says his november 8 demonetisation decree has succeeded in uncovering tax evasion and cracking down on graft.
THE SUPREME Court on Thursday asked the Centre how crores in new currency were being seized every day, even as banks have expressed their inability to dispense Rs 24,000 to each account holder  the weekly withdrawal limit set after demonetisation.
WATCH VIDEO: Demonetisation: Supreme Court Refuses To Stay ProceedingsThe apex court had on November 18 dubbed as a serious issue the long queues outside banks and post offices and expressed its reservation on the Centres plea seeking a direction that no other court in the country should entertain petitions challenging the November 8 notification demonetising Rs 1,000 and Rs 500 currency notes.
no quick result: pm prime minister manmohansingh today said there was no instant solution to bring back black money.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , a strident modi critic, told journalists after the opposition meeting that all parties criticised the government's handling of kashmir, caste clashes in saharanpur, demonetisation and incidents of cow vigilantism.
The Congress has already decided to raise demonetisation as a poll issue.
on the controversial noteban decision, former prime minister manmohansingh said scars and wounds caused by demonetisation are getting more visible with time and second anniversary is a day to remember how economic misadventures could roil the nation.
a day after four militants were killed in kashmir, punjab congress chief captain amarindersingh on monday said despite the narendra modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from pakistan.
In a statement issued here, Amarinder said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake Rs 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi.
79 million followers and other twitterati to take part in her suggested social media movement against demonetisation, which prime minister modi had announced on november 8 last year.
finance secretary ashok lavasa had earlier said withdrawal limits will be reviewed after december 30.
many atms, which reopened four days after prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of two higher value currency notes, ran out of cash in few hours, leaving people frustrated.
A persons, as per the revised guideline, is allowed to exchange old notes totalling up to 4,500 on a single day.
atms, which reopened two days after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of two biggest currency notes, had people queued up since early morning.
WATCH VIDEO: Demonetisation: Banks Provide New Rs 500 NotesThe DEA Secretary revealed that the finance ministry has received reports of many trying to convert their black money by sending people in groups to swap currency at bank counters.
after the government's decision of withdrawing rs. 500 and rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, jaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies.
those indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said in a tweet.
a day after prime minister modi announced ban on rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes to tackle corruption and black money, government had on november 9 said that no toll fee would be collected on national highways till november 11 midnight.
in a bid to promote aadhaar-based payment system, especially in rural pockets, uidai has favoured incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions, in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents.
with the impact of demonetisation largely over and the gst unlikely to substantially derail consumer spending, ihs markit forecast real gdp growth to hit  7.3 per cent for 2017- 18 as a whole," lima said.
After the government's decision of withdrawing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, Jaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies".
it has come to notice of the government that in many places the same people are coming back again and again and we have also received reports that certain unscrupulous elements who are trying to convert black money into white have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another branch to exchange notes and get rs 4500, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das told reporters.
In order to ease cash situation, the government has formed a team of seven joint secretaries to monitor on regular basis the shortage of the currency.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth Rs 8000 crore collected by DCCBs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth Rs 8000 crore collected by DCCBs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
on november 8, 2016, prime minister babu in a televised address to the nation had announced demonetisation of the old high-value currency value notes.
finance minister arunjaitley today in his talk on note ban to ndtv said that security printing of currency is a time-consuming exercise, however, rbi is calibrating release of currency.
b'union finance minister pranabmukherjee on saturday said that the government has sent notice to 17 persons in connection with stashing black money in foreign banks but it was not possible to reveal their names.
on disclosure of names of black money, arunjaitley said, we cannot make the names of black money holders public at will.
there is a move to set up a new agency for probing anomalies in income tax returns filed by 18 lakh people after demonetisation, union minister radhamohansingh said on wednesday.
on other measures to boost digital transactions, mr. das said the telecom regulator trai has decided to reduce the ussd (unstructured supplementary service data) charges from the current rs.  1.50 per session to 50 paise per session for transactions relating to banking and payments.
On augmenting delivery channels, Das said cash availability with the District Central Cooperative Banks (DCCBs) and  1.3 lakh post offices has been enhanced which should be able to meet the requirements of rural population.
He said over Rs 3 lakh crores have been deposited in various banks thus far and the government is expecting more Rs 11 lakh crores by December end.
while announcing its quarterly result, sbi chairperson arundhatibhattacharya also said that the bank has got deposits worth rs 53,000 crore and has exchanged currency worth rs 1,500 crore after demonetisation move.
And central government employees, up to Type C, can withdraw their salary in advance up to Rs 10,000, Das said.
Earlier in the day, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said it was noticed that the same people were coming back again and again to exchange notes, causing the long queues and creating hassles for genuine people to get their cash.
gujarat leads the pack in seizures of fake rs 2,000 notes between november 9 last year, a day after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, and march 7 this year, followed by delhi and karnataka.
Each joint secretary has been assigned three or four states to make action plans, Das said.
in a few months, rs 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market, said economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das while addressing the economic editor's conference here today.
The over-the-counter exchange of Rs 500/1,000 in return of new currency will be available "once per person till December 30"".
we have also noticed that people are trying to convert black money by sending many people to different branches, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said.
Each joint secretary has been assigned 3-4 states and banks for constant monitoring of currency supply situation and make action plan, Das said.
Taking cognisance of the hardship faced by small traders, the government has decided to increase the cash withdrawal limit to Rs 50,000 per week.
on november 8, prime minister modi in a surprise move announced demonetisation of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes and since then, long queues before banks and post offices are seen to deposit or exchange these currencies.
addressing the media in new delhi about prime minister's meeting on sunday to review, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said monday that the atm re-calibration has started and some of the atms will start dispensing higher denominations, including 2000 rupee notes, from today or tomorrow.
For over the counter exchange of old Rs 500/1000 notes, with effect from Nov 18, Rs 4,500 limit will be reduced to Rs 2000, DEA Secretary Shaktikanta Das said.
Various wings of the government, the RBI and banks are working to ensure that the situation eases fast.
Rohatgi said that the Centre had filed a reply in the Supreme Court in compliance with the top courts earlier order on the issue.
To make this whole process faster, a task force was decided to be set up under the chairmanship of the RBI deputy governor, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters here on Monday.
The RBI has infused more than Rs 5 lakh crore of currency notes into the banking system since November 8.
a total of rs 450 crore had been deposited in the branch since november 8, the day prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1.
many educational institutions had been under the government scanner over alleged monetary discrepancies even before prime minister modi announced the demonetisation exercise on november 8.
gandhi said that in parliament he had asked modi four questions on his promises of bringing back black money and depositing rs 15 lakh in everybody's bank account, the recent budget proposal of turning black money to white, rohith vemula's suicide, kanhaiya kumar and jnu and finally about the number of youths employed as a result of his 'make in india' scheme.
To help small traders meet their business requirements, Das said the government has decided to increase the cash withdrawal limit to Rs 50,000 per week for small businesses".
Earlier on December 9, the apex court asked the Centre whether its decision to bring in demonetisation was taken in absolute secrecy while hearing a bunch of petitions questioning the Narendra Modi governments rationale behind the implementation of the policy.
addressing the media in new delhi about prime ministers last night meeting to review the demonetisation and its impact, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said the atm re-calibration has started and some of the atms will start dispensing higher denominations, including 2000 rupee notes, from today or tomorrow.
Explaining the reason for holding back the release of Rs 1,000 currency notes, Das said maintaining secrecy about the entire exercise was topmost priority, prompting the government to rope in only two to three people for designing the new notes.
Seized notes are also being put into circulation as soon as possible.
The RBI has already pumped in Rs 5 lakh crore worth 500 and 2,000 rupee notes and by month end about 50 per cent of the Rs 15 lakh crore worth demonetised currency would be injected into the system, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters here".
New Delhi, Feb 3, 2017 (PTI) 14:36 ISTThe exercise of remonetisation that began after scrapping of the old Rs 500 and 1,000 notes on November 8 is "nearly complete" as practically there are no restrictions on withdrawals, said Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das".
Together, these  2.5 lakh delivery points, mostly in rural areas, would be able to give bigger quantum of cash to the public, he added.
India vs England Live scoreWATCH VIDEOEarlier, the government has introduced the use of indelible ink at select metro cities to deter unscrupulous element from sending honest people in groups to convert black money to white.
Replying to Thakur, Rohatgi said that some bank managers are allegedly involved in illegal activities and the government is acting against the culprits.
New Delhi, Nov 17, 2016, PTI: 15:43 ISTWith the demonetisation creating hardships in the middle of marriage and sowing seasons, government today allowed witdrawals up to Rs  2.5 lakh for weddings and up to Rs 50,000 for farmers but more than halved the limit of exchange of defunct notes to Rs 2,000.
With regard to indelible ink mark, Das said the operational guidelines would be decided by the banks.
To solve this problem we have decided to use indelible ink marks, similar to the one used in elections, at cash counters, Das said.
Das said the remonetisation process has reached near completion in less than 90 days of announcement of the demonetisation by the Prime Minister on November 8".
it should make public how much money has been pumped back into the economy and the amount of money states have received post demonetisation, mamatabanerjee said.
on november 8, 2016, prime minister modi announced the withdrawal of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
prime minister narendramodi announced about the demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 pm on the same day after cabinets approval.
In order to ease cash situation, the government has formed a team of seven joint secretaries to monitor on regular basis the shortage of the currency.
with opposition parties alleging that top bjp leaders knew about demonetisation in advance and protected their ill-gotten gains, prime minister modi asked all his party mps and union ministers to share their bank transaction details from november 8 to december 31 with party chief amit shah.
after prime minister narendramodi announced the withdrawal of old currency notes of rs 1,000 and rs 500 on november 8, 2016, atms across the country had to be recalibrated to fit new notes of rs 2,000 and rs 500.
thomas said the pac has asked reserve bank of india (rbi) to come out with the exact number of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes which were demonetised and deposited with banks after prime minister modi announced the move on november 8.
gandhi said finance minister arun jaitley had recently said economic decline had nothing to do with the demonetisation.
Those indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared," Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said in a tweet".
on the issue of demonetisation, arunjaitley said the congress government had not initiated any step against black money.
The emphasis now is to provide cash to rural areas from where reports of inadequate availability of cash are coming in, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikant Das told reporters.
what jaitley is not telling you is that modi did not even asked him about demonetisation that is the way government of india is being run.
citing an example, rohatgi said petrol pumps deposited mostly rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes in banks when the exemptions were allowed.
the pmo direction came after it emerged that rs 1,238 crore was deposited in these entities during the november-december period after prime minister modi announced demonetisation.
These are being replaced with new currency bills of Rs 500 and Rs 2,000".
das said it had been decided to constitute technology teams to hasten the pace of recalibrating the atms for the new high-denomination notes.
b'for promoting digital transactions there is a need to popularise rupay card among people, bihar cm nitishkumar said.
in a surprise move on november 8, prime minister narendramodi had announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
in an attempt to weed out black money, prime minister modi had announced the decision to scrap old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
soon after prime minister modi announced that rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes would be scrapped, prices touched rs 32,500 (24 karat) and rs 31,500 (22 karat).
it is january 12, 2017, 66 days since prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
new delhi: battling the oppositions criticism on its sudden move to ban the big currency notes to check black or untaxed money, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das on friday said the people who are indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared.
79 million followers and other twitterati to take part in her suggested social media movement against demonetisation, which prime minister narendramodi had announced on november 8 last year.
So the RBI has given necessary instructions to connected banks to give necessary cash required by Royal Monetary Authority of Bhutan," he said.
bengaluru: demonetisation has been the talk of every home, street and by-lane of the country since prime minister modi announced the withdrawal of rs 500 and rs 1000 notes on november 8.
also, over rs 25,000 crore in cash was deposited in dormant bank accounts, while nearly rs 80,000 crore of repayment of loans was done in cash since november 8, 2016 when prime minister modi announced demonetisation.
2 crore have been seized across the country since prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8.
In less than 90 days, the whole process of remonetisation is almost complete.
prime minister narendramodi on november 8 last year had announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikant Das Tuesday announced that banks will be using indelible ink, similar to the one used in elections, to deter unscrupulous people from making multiple visits to cash counters in a day.
while announcing the demonetisation, prime minister modi had asked holders of such notes to deposit or exchange them in banks till december 30.
the misery of artisans like hakak ended when prime minister modi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8.
demonetisation, doubtless one of the most significant decisions of independent india that shook the entire nation, was there merely as a passing reference although prime minister modi had claimed india would emerge like gold after the ordeal of the first 50 days.
prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation on november 8, a decision that sucked out 86  of the currency notes in circulation and left millions lining up at banks and atms for cash.
referring to his november 8 announcement cancelling the legal tender status of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, modi said the government had not done it all of a sudden.
ever since prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, 2016, there has been talks of a new denomination of currency possibly being introduced.
Meanwhile, the government has set up a special task force headed by Deputy Governor of RBI to expedite the process of re-calibrating the ATMs to make them fully functional, which will work with different banks in this direction.
In Delhi, Economic Affairs Secretary Das also said that the government was keeping a close watch on deposits in Jan Dhan accounts as, in many cases, such accounts are being misused for deposit of black money.
prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation of high denomination banknotes on november 8.
Answering questions as to why the RBI has not yet come out with the amount of scrapped notes deposited with the banks, Jaitley said they were computing and will not hurriedly give the numbers as it concerns their reputation.
prime minister narendramodi had announced on november 8 last year the governments decision to scrap rs 500 and rs 1000 bank notes, in a move aimed at tackling black money.
prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation move on november 8 last year under which the old rs 500 and rs 1000 note were rendered illegal tender.
in his november 8 speech announcing the demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi had said people could deposit their old 500 and 1,000-rupee notes in their bank accounts till march 31.
in a few months, rs 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market, said economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das while addressing the economic editors conference.
in a surprise move on november 8, prime minister modi had announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
it was this deposit made three days after prime minister modi announced scrapping of 500 and 1,000-rupee banknotes that caught the attentions of tax authorities, who are closely examining all suspicious high-value transactions done after the november 8 demonetisation announcement.
In the last about five weeks, the lower denomination notes of Rs 100, Rs 50, Rs 20 and Rs 10 have been supplied three times more than their normal yearly supply.
to enable larger number of people to get benefit of over-the-counter exchange of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, the existing limit of rs 4,500 will be reduced to rs 2,000 with effect from tomorrow, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das told reporters.
data showed black money holders started couriering cash just two days after prime minister modi announced the invalidation of the higher denominations.
Speaking on "Indian economy: The new normal" in the aftermath of demonetisation, Jaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges.
Speaking on Indian economy: The new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, Jaitley said for the first time, such a decision was taken which was difficult to implement because of many challenges that came with it.
prime minister modi on tuesday night announced the surprise demonetisation of higher denomination notes.
Finance Ministry, RBI and enforcement agencies are working in tandem so that situation eases out.
an mp recalled that last year when urjit patel faced angry members over demonetisation, former prime minister manmohansingh told patel that he can skip answers to questions he considers uncomfortable.
The Supreme Court on Thursday said that the Centre should adhere to its notification allowing withdrawal of Rs 24,000 per week from bank accounts after demonetisation of high-value currency notes.
rohatgi said there were approximately one lakh branches of various banks and two lakh atms besides the post offices across the country to dispense cash to common people and the restriction on withdrawal is there to ensure that the money be paid to maximum number of people.
Among other measures, it has allowed up to Rs  2.5 lakh cash withdrawal from bank account of a bride or groom or their parents for a marriage during the ongoing wedding season".
asked about recalibration of atms and banks, meghwal said out of total  2.18 lakh atms across the country, around  1.98 lakh have been recalibrated as on january 4, 2017.
Giving details of the high-level meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi late last night, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said it was decided to activate all channels for dispensing cash.
This landmark move is being hailed as the biggest currency conversion in the world both in terms of value and quantity.
Addressing the media in New Delhi about Prime Ministers last night meeting to review the demonetisation and its impact, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said the ATM re-calibration has started and some of the ATMs will start dispensing higher denominations, including 2000 rupee notes, from today or tomorrow.
Besides, the religious organisation or temple trust are encouraged to deposit smaller denomination of notes which usually come to them, he said, adding that it will help increase supply of lower denomination currency into the market.
new delhi: advocating for cashless transactions, the prime minister modi has said that the large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money.
to combat evils of black money, corruption, counterfeit currency and terror financing, pranabmukherjee said the government took the decision on november 8 to demonetise old 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes.
mangaluru: december 8, 2016, dhns 0:09 ista month after demonetisation, getting change a problem for citizensit will be one month on thursday since prime minister modi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes and the cash withdrawal limit at atms has been increased to rs 2,500 per day by the rbi.
there will be no charge on use of debit cardsthe move will help in greater penetration of digital transactions into our economy and hope that more and more people will move to digital transactions, said das.
its been just over a month since prime minister modi announced that rs 14 lakh crore worth of rs 500 and rs 1,000 denomination notes will be taken out of circulation, in a surprise move to unearth piles of illicit cash hoarded by the citizens via tax non-compliance/evasion, corruption, criminal activities etc.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth Rs 8000 crore collected by DCCBs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
rohatgi told the court that black money destabilises economy and the country.
we can 'clean' india: modimumbai, nov 20, 2016, dhns 1:09 istindia would be free from all forms of filth in one generations time, prime minister modi said on saturday night, sending out a strong message that there is no looking back on the mega-drive against black money and corruption.
admitting that the demonetisation drive has caused some short-term pains to the public, modi said this will bring in benefits in the long-term.
lucknow: in a message to those criticising note ban, union home minister rajnathsingh today said they should show patience for the 50-day period as the decision has been taken keeping national interest in mind and the situation will normalise after that.
modi said his drive against black money had caused consternation among his enemies and made them come on a common platform.
collect details and prepare a comprehensive report on how demonetisation has impaired the finances of anti-national elements and groups, rajnathsingh told the intelligence agency at the inaugural 51st post-independence dgps/igps conference-2016 at the sardar vallabhbhai patel national police academy in hyderabad on friday.
WATCH VIDEOAddressing a press conference today, Das announced that families celebrating weddings can withdraw cash up to Rs  2.5 lakh per wedding.
in the coming few months, rs 1,000 notes will be brought in with a new design, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said.
prime minister modi on november 8 last year had announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
indias economy should get a lift from the launch of the goods and services tax (gst), finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday, putting a brave face on a slowdown in growth that followed a government crackdown on black money.
there were 17,165 million pieces of rs 500 notes and 6,858 million pieces of rs 1,000 notes in circulation on november 8, 2016, the day prime minister modi announced demonetising the two high denomination notes.
If the money is legitimate which had been previously withdrawn from bank or earned legally and saved and had been disclosed, there is nothing to worry about," he told DD.
After the government's decision of withdrawing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, Jaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies".
we explained to him about the critical issue going on in the country (after demonetisation), mamatabanerjee said after meeting the president.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth Rs 8000 crore collected by DCCBs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
The government believes that this decision has been welcomed everywhere.
lauding prime minister narendra modi for his decisiveness, arunjaitley said unlike the previous prime minister (manmohan singh), modi has been decisive in taking steps with regard to demonetisation, surgical strike against pakistan and the goods and services tax (gst).
new delhi: the withdrawal limit of savings bank account of rs 24,000 per week will soon go, and the government is in discussions with the reserve bank of india (rbi) to issue lower-denomination notes, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said here on friday.
stating that none of the objectives mentioned by the centre for note ban have been achieved, modi said campaign would expose the real motive behind demonetisation scheme.
new delhi: advocating cashless transactions, prime minister modi on friday said large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money.
those who did not consider the generation of so much black money and scams during their regime as blunder are now finding the crusade against black money as blunder, arunjaitley said.
It has come to notice of the government that in many places the same people are coming back again and again and we have also received reports that certain unscrupulous elements who are trying to convert black money into white have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another branch to exchange notes and get Rs 4500," Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters".
A task force has also been set up that will draw a plan of action for shifting of the old notes and storing of the old notes in other place so that banks and post offices continue to get new notes.
speaking on indian economy: the new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, jaitley said for the first time, such a decision was taken which was difficult to implement because of many challenges that came with it.
on november 8, modi announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes as part of the combat against the menace of black money, corruption and terror funding.
in a few months, rs 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said while addressing the economic editor's conference in new delhi on thursday.
96 lakh in malda district since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8 2016 culling 86  of the currency in circulation on november 8 last year.
economic affairs secretary subhashchandragarg said that the government will step up printing of rs 500 notes by five times in order to meet an unusual spurt in demand for cash.
new delhi: the reserve bank was fully prepared to deal with currency shortages post demonetisation and has enough currency in its chests to last far beyond december 30, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
All restrictions have been removed except on savings bank account of Rs 24,000 per week.
mangaluru: december 8, 2016, dhns 0:09 ista month after demonetisation, getting change a problem for citizensit will be one month on thursday since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes and the cash withdrawal limit at atms has been increased to rs 2,500 per day by the rbi.
indian prime minister modi on november 8 had announced the demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes.
to further bolster the cashless transactions, arunjaitley said that sidbi will refinance merchants and businesses based on transaction history.
in his november 8 speech announcing the demonetisation, prime minister modi had said people could deposit their old 500 and 1,000-rupee notes in their bank accounts till march 31.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi told the apex court bench headed by Chief Justice of India TS Thakur that he had placed the affidavit on record in connection with the demonetisation issue.
of these, 21,000 atms were functional and the rest are cdms, sbi chairman arundhatibhattacharya said.
To solve this problem we have decided to use indelible ink marks, similar to the one used in elections, at cash counters, Das said.
while announcing the demonetising the rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, prime minister modi had asked holders of such notes to deposit them in banks.
after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless, had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0.
To enable larger number of people to get benefit of over-the-counter exchange of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes, the existing limit of Rs 4,500 will be reduced to Rs 2,000 with effect from tomorrow," Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters.
jaitley and his team of officers in the finance ministry had their task cut out, especially after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of 50 days on november 8, 2016.
the government and opposition parties were thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister arun jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend demonetisation while congress president rahulgandhi said the note ban cost 1.
Taking up four PILs filed against the controversial scheme, which has caused massive upheavals across the nation, the apex court asked the union government as to what further steps it is exploring and considering to address the inconveniences caused to people.
prime minister modi tonight announced demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes with effect from midnight, making these notes invalid in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption.
after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless, had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0.
prime minister modi announced about the demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 pm on the same day after cabinets approval.
The bench led by Chief Justice of India T S Thakur was hearing a bunch of petitions challenging the demonetisation of old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes.
Speaking on "Indian economy: The new normal" in the aftermath of demonetisation, Jaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges.
prime minister narendramodi , on november 29 last year, had asked bjp mps and mlas to submit their bank account statements of transaction between november 8, the day he announced demonetisation, and december 31 to party chief amit shah on january 1.
thomas said the pac has asked reserve bank of india (rbi) to come out with the exact number of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes which were demonetised and deposited with banks after prime minister narendramodi announced the move on november 8.
Two categories of people have not changed - politicians and media people.
The defunct currency (File Photo) The defunct currency (File Photo)The Supreme Court on Friday said that it will on December 2 hear all pleas including the transfer petition filed by the Centre on the demonetisation of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 currency notes.
Considering the cash availability, (for) the business entity having current account for past three months, the limit has been increased to Rs 50,000 per week to pay wages and meet sundry expenses, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said.
as part of the operation clean money launched on january 31, 2017, arunjaitley said the i-t department would leverage technology and data analysis for e-verification of cash deposits made during the demonetisation period.
modi said that global universities would come to do research on results of the digital transaction programme.
attorney general mukul rohatgi told the apex court bench headed by chief justice of india ts thakur that he had placed the affidavit on record in connection with the demonetisation issue.
in a separate reply, when asked how much old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes (sbns) were deposited/exchanged upon being de-legalised, meghwal said specified bank notes (sbns) worth rs  12.44 lakh crore were returned to currency chests of rbi by december 10, 2016.
ATM limit has also been increased to 2,500 rupees, however it will be disbursed only by the re-calibrated ATMs.Saying that there is no need for public to panic, Das assured that there is enough cash available in the system and situation will ease in coming days.
Many Jan Dhan accounts are reportedly getting deposits of Rs 49,000, against the limit of Rs 50,000.
it is people's mandate for the prime minister's decision of demonetisation, sonowal told reporters.
months before prime minister modi announced demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country, a low level government karmachari in jharkhands latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction.
A MYSORE company, the only recognised producer of indelible ink or voters ink in India, is scrambling to ramp up production on a war footing after the Centre Tuesday asked banks to start tagging those exchanging old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes to prevent unscrupulous elements from sending people to exchange money multiple times at different branches.
sharma said prime minister modi , during bjp's poll campaign, had claimed that black money was to the tune of rs 85 lakh crore.
the beneficiaries would be able to get cash through banks, atms and even mobile banking when the projects take off.
notebandi (demonetisation), prohibition and goods and services tax (gst) were very courageous steps, but many times i feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than demonetisation, deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said at de-addiction day celebrations in patna in the presence of nitish and prohibition, excise and registration minister bijendra prasad yadav.
Das said the currency notes continued to be airlifted to non-metro cities and rural areas.
Depositing the old currency notes in the banks will not provide any relief from taxation," said Jaitley".
prime minister modi on november 8 announced the demonetisation, effective that midnight, of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes.
the withdrawal limit from atms has been increased to rs. 2,500 but this will apply only to the recalibrated atms, mr. das said.
trinamool mp sukhendu sekhar roy said wednesday marked the 90th day since modi announced the demonetisation decision.
while acknowledging that the cash crunch would only ease post december 30, jaitley said that the amount of cash to be issued in the form of new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes would not be the same as the amount circulating before november 8, when prime minister modi announced the so-called demonetisation.
5 (pti): underlining that fighting corruption and black money is key to effective financial governance, prime minister narendramodi today asked g20 leaders to act to eliminate safe havens for economic offenders, unconditionally extradite money launderers and end excessive banking secrecy that hide the corrupt.
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places.
The currency notes of lower denomination of Rs 100 and Rs 50 will continue to be the legal tender, he said, adding the Reserve Bank will come out with new series of such notes with new design and added security features.
after prime minister modi announced the demonetisation move on november 8, 2016, there was a liquidity squeeze in the market and the demand for jewellery went down by around 80 per cent.
the arrangements made by the banks were poor, said naidu , a tea shop owner from akkayyapalem, after exchanging rs 500 notes to get a new rs 2,000 note.
prime minister narendramodi had announced the demonetisation move on november 8.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley earlier in the day had said that deposits of the now defunct Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 currency notes in bank accounts will not enjoy immunity from tax.
a day after prime minister modi announced ban on rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes to tackle corruption and black money, the government had on november 9 said no toll fee would be collected on national highways till november 11 mid-night.
minister of state for finance arjun ram meghwal told the rajya sabha that rs  15.44 lakh crore in high-value notes were in circulation when the prime minister announced the demonetisation move on november 8.
prime minister modi announced about the demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 pm on the same day after cabinet's approval.
jaitley told yadav that the government was ready for discussion on both demonetisation and terror attacks.
96 lakh in malda district since prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8 2016 culling 86  of the currency in circulation on november 8 last year.
during an emotional address to the people in goa, prime minister modi said he left his family and home to serve the nation and added that he understands the pain of the people who have been waiting in long queues to exchange their currencies.
on demonetisation and the gst implementations, gandhi claimed that people have confusion about these.
this is the demonetisation period and compared to november, december was more challenging for the reason that in many areas old currency was allowed to operate, arunjaitley told cnbc tv18 in an interview.
after prime minister modi announced the withdrawal of old currency notes of rs 1,000 and rs 500 on november 8, 2016, atms across the country had to be recalibrated to fit new notes of rs 2,000 and rs 500.
With the existing RBI norms allowing only Rs 24,000 withdrawal a week from savings account and Rs 1 lakh from current account, it is not possible for the candidates to defray their expenditure given the two weeks they would have for campaigning, from January 21 (when final list will be announced by EC after scrutiny of nominations) to February 2 (the last date for electioneering), he wrote in the letter.
The government applied fresh curbs on over the counter exchange of old Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes on Thursday, by reducing the limit from Rs 4,500 to Rs 2,000.
prime minister modi had announced on november 8, 2016 that rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes, which constituted about 86 per cent of total currency in circulation, will cease to be legal tender.
when prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation, he had said the new year would see new india.
New Delhi, Nov 15, 2016, (PTI): 18:21 ISTA small mark of indelible ink, used mostly during elections to prevent multiple voting, will be put on the right hand finger of those exchanging banned 500 and 1,000 rupee notes for new ones from tomorrow to prevent crowding at banks by repeat exchangers.
the pmos directions came after it emerged that rs 1,238 crore has been deposited in cash in such entities in november-december 2016, soon after prime minister modi announced demonetisation of high-denomination notes.
The Centre in its affidavit told the apex court that demonetisation is a step to reduce ratio of cash transactions, adding the objective is to unearth illegal parallel economy.
rohatgi told the bench that various petitions have been filed challenging the demonetisation move before different high courts across the country and these matters should be transferred to the apex court or one of the high courts.
The emphasis will be on providing lower denomination notes.
prime minister modi had announced the demonetisation move on november 8.
The government also has plans to introduce Rs 100 and Rs 50 currency notes with a new design and enhanced security features.
The new notes come loaded with enhanced security features, besides having peculiar colour, theme and size which differentiate the new bills from the earlier series.
many atms have not been dispensing money since four days and the others run out of cash in no time, said kumarravi who was waiting for money at the icici bank , akkayyapalem.
on november 8, 2016, prime minister modi in a televised address to the nation had announced demonetisation of the old high-value currency value notes.
the decision to ban cash transactions beyond a threshold is based on the recommendation of the special investigation team on black money that was set up by the supreme court, arunjaitley said while presenting union budget 2017-18 in parliament.
However, he clarified that the higher cash withdrawal limit of Rs 2,500 is only for recalibrated ATMs.Additionally, a large number of micro-ATMs will be deployed to help people withdraw cash through debit cards.
das said, jan-dhan account holders should not allow other people to use their accounts to convert their black money into white.
while acknowledging that the cash crunch would only ease post december 30, arunjaitley said that the amount of cash to be issued in the form of new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes would not be the same as the amount circulating before november 8, when prime minister narendra modi announced the so-called demonetisation.
new delhi: all automatic teller machines (atms) will be re-calibrated in the next few days to ease the flow of currency notes and to reduce the inconvenience faced by the public, says the economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das.
modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of bhim app, a digital payment application, by educating the masses about it and helping them download it.
In a few months, Rs 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market," said Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das while addressing the Economic Editor's Conference here today.
For the urban population, Das said recalibration of ATMs has already started and they will start dispensing the new Rs 2,000 currency notes from today or tomorrow.
prime minister modi , in a sudden address to the nation on tuesday, announced that rs 500 and rs 1,000 denomination notes are being withdrawn from midnight and will now become mere paper.
Answering questions as to why the RBI has not yet come out with the amount of scrapped notes deposited with the banks, Jaitley said they were computing and will not hurriedly give the numbers as it concerns their reputation.
the government should regularise atms so that banks are made to store maximum cash in the machines, jain said.
The Department of Financial Services is collecting details about money in ATMs. There might be a few operational issues in some locations I get report on a daily basis we are monitoring it so that these kinds of situations do not arise.
prime minister modi on november 8 announced the junking of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes and replaced the currency with new rs 2,000 and rs 500 notes.
2 crore have been seized across the country since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation on november 8.
demonetisation to push digital economy, says nilekaninew delhi, nov 28, 2016, pti: 22:21 istdemonetisation would see a massive activation of digitisation of financial services in the country, although there will be some amount of short term pain in the coming weeks, former uidai chairman nandan nilekani said today.
in respect of private banks, arunjaitley said: reserve bank of india (rbi) has informed that 11 employees have been placed under suspension where bank employees have been found involved in irregular exchange of transaction of specified bank note (sbn) during the phase of demonetisation.
new delhi: dispelling rumours that finance minister arun jaitley was unaware of demonetisation, power minister piyushgoyal today said he knew it and kept it as secret despite being very friendly and open.
We welcome the demonetisation move.
digital payments will help fight corruption and proliferation of black money, said pm modi.
buoyed by the success of his bjp in local body elections in maharashtra and some other states after demonetisation, prime minister modi today said he was committed to root out corruption.
The government believes that this decision has been welcomed everywhere.
prem nath pandeynaik mahendra singh, 30, was serving at roughly 20,000 feet above sea level in siachen when prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
GST, he said, will also check tax evasion and help in increasing the revenue of Centre as well as states.
prime minister narendramodi had announced the demonetisation of high denomination banknotes on november 8.
in a bid to promote digital transactions, modi said, for entrepreneurs dealing in such transaction, tax will be calculated at 6 per cent, not 8.
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places.
after the government's decision of withdrawing rs. 500 and rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, arunjaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies.
modi said that immediately after coming to power in may last year, the bjp government constituted a special investigation team (sit) on black money and later enacted a black money (undisclosed foreign income and assets) and imposition of tax act, 2015.
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan.
modi said demonetisation would curb terrorism, but it is maximum under his government, she said.
have been trying to analyse reasons for long queues,it has come to notice that same people are coming again at same place, das said.
(express photo by vishal srivastava)attributing demonetisation of higher denomination notes to the economic thinking of babasaheb ambedkar, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath today said the centre displayed immense political willpower and courage in demonetising the currency notes of rs 1,000 and rs 500.
By-elections for four Lok Sabha seats - Cooch Behar and Tamluk in Purba Medinipur district in West Bengal, Shahdol in Madhya Pradesh and Lakhimpur in Assam will be held on November 19.
while announcing the demonetisation, prime minister narendramodi had asked holders of such notes to deposit or exchange them in banks till december 30.
jain said there would be a distance of 400 meters between two water atms which could be adjusted according to the convenience of people.
To mitigate their hardship, the RBI has started distributing high security Rs 500 notes from yesterday.
devoting considerable attention to demonetisation and its aftereffects, arunjaitley said the surplus liquidity in the banking system created by the note ban decision will lower borrowing cost and increase access to credit.
new delhi/kolkata/lucknow: with his government under opposition fire over demonetisation both within and outside parliament, prime minister modi has asked bjp mps to publicise the benefits of the exercise and steps taken for mitigation of their problems.
slamming congress and left parties for focusing only on difficulties seen after demonetisation drive, jaitley said they were completely ignoring the economic and moral objectives behind the move.
participating in the debate, naresh agarwal (sp) said former prime minister manmohansingh , who was in the house, had earlier said that gdp growth will slowdown by 2 percentage points due to the impact of demonetisation.
all that modi said in 2014 is jumla  bringing back black money, giving employment to two crore people, implementing the recommendations of the swaminathan committee report to help resolve farmer woes.
prime minister modi had told a rally in agra yesterday said that political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams were attacking him because they had been hit hard by demonetisation, indirectly referring to mamata banerjee.
after the note ban, modi made honest and hardworking citizens to stand in queues outside banks, gandhi said.
The Congress has already decided to raise demonetisation as a poll issue.
economic affairs secretary subhashchandragarg said the reserve bank will increase five-fold the printing of rs 500 notes to about rs 2,500 crore a day to deal with the cash shortage.
speaking in a public rally in goa, a few days after announcing demonetisation on 8 november, 2016, prime minister modi had asked for 50 days from the people of india for note-ban related hardships to endit has been 100 days since modi announced the scrapping of 86  of indias currency in circulation.
we must make the transactions cost-effective and strengthen cloud servers on the bank side, andhra pradesh chief minister naidu , who heads the panel, said after submitting an interim report on digital payments to prime minister narendra modi.
referring to government's decision of demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, modi said the decision has not been taken to harass people but to help poor, marginalised and honest people.
prime minister narendramodi had announced the note ban on november 8 last year, and rjd chief lalu prasad on monday said the decision destroyed the country's economy.
das further said all government offices have been asked to use only digital payment methods for making payments to stakeholders, contractors and employees.
in last november, after the decision (demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes) to fight black money and corruption, many lies were hurled, rumours were created and allegations were levelled that everything will disintegrate now and the economy will finish, modi said.
sharing the pain and miseries of the people are facing due to demonetisation of high value currency notes, modi said that history would not remember which prime minister enforced demonetisation but it would certainly remember how the people fought war on black money braving all troubles.
in response, attorney general mukul rohatgi said that there is no shortage of funds as rs 100 notes are in circulation and the atms needed to be re-calibrated to issue new currency notes of rs 500 and rs 2,000.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said demonetisation resulted in formalisation of economy and increased tax base, prompting the government to earmark more resources for the poor and infrastructure development.
gujarat leads the pack in seizures of fake rs 2,000 notes between november 9 last year, a day after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, and march 7 this year, followed by delhi and karnataka.
In a letter to Chief Election Commissioner Nasim Zaidi, Amarinder said that, given the time constraints, the matter needed urgent attention of the EC and the RBI, to facilitate fair play of democratic processes.
(source: pti photo)stating that demonetisation has had no impact on gdp, prime minister modi citing testimonials by apple chief tim cook, microsoft founder bill gates, world bank chief kristalina georgieva, nobel laureate for economics muhammad yunus and others, on tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect.
the mother-son duo should not forget that it was due to the demonetisation that several shell companies were busted and because of this, your company was caught, modi said.
asked whether he would support yoga guru baba ramdev in his fight against black money and corruption, nitishkumar said every person has the right to express his views in a democratic manner, which is a step in the right direction.
modi also said that political and business leaders globally have supported the demonetisation move.
being a delhi girl, i challenge you to fight the last two phases of the lok sabha elections on the issues of demonetisation, gst, women's security and the false promises made to people of the country, priyanka gandhi had said during the roadshow.
cash crunch: finance minister arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain states is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation.
reacting to congress claim that note ban brought hardship to the farmers, arunjaitley said the opposition should stop bringing in farmers on every issue.
saying that he supports digital payment, chidambaram also said that high value transitions should be digital but we should not force grocer to accept card payment.
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places.
bhubaneswar: union finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said prime minister narendra modi has created a 'new normal' for the country's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
(File Photo)Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of ATMs on a daily basis to sort out operational issues.
The DEA Secretary revealed that the finance ministry has received reports of many trying to convert their black money by sending people in groups to swap currency at bank counters.
There may even be riots, observed a bench of Chief Justice TS Thakur and Justice A R Dave.
officers said this was the biggest haul of scrapped notes in the calcutta police area since prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation of the two categories of notes on november 8.
on november 8 (when modi announced demonetisation) modiji told you that i am your pm and listen to my mann ki baat.
not much has been done to address the adverse impact of demonetisation, naveenpatnaik said and added that specific concerns of odisha relating to development of kbk region, opening of bank branches in unbanked gram panchayats and meeting of developmental aspirations of scs and sts have not addressed.
it is january 12, 2017, 66 days since prime minister modi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
after december 30 scheme (the last date for depositing demonetised notes) if you feel that there will be no action, there is no guarantee that something new will not be introduced to punish you (thikane lagane ke liye), modi said.
In future, the proportion of hard currencies in India is set to become less just like the other developed nations.
agra, nov 20, 2016 (pti) 18:32 istprime minister narendramodi today said political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by demonetisation, in remarks seen as sharp attack on west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee.
now there will be less cash transaction and an increase in digital currency, jaitley said.
so more black money will not be generated, modi said in an interview to network 18.
referring to demonetisation, modi said he will not stop until and unless he recovers the black money and said it was congress which has a problem with the ban.
Rs 1,000 currency notes to be back soon: CentreNew Delhi, November 11,2016, DHNS: 0:58 ISTThe Union government plans to re-introduce Rs 1,000 currency note with a new design and additional security features once the dust settles on the decision to demonetise high denomination bank notes.
say 'yes to digital payment, no to cash': pm modi in a fresh push towards digital payments, prime minister modi on thursday told businesses to shun cash and go digital to bring transparency and root out black money.
dubbing demonetisation as a shameless flop show, mamatabanerjee asked the common people to rise in protest even as tmc activists staged dharnas in front of rbi office in kolkata as well as cbi office besides many places in the districts in west bengal.
after that, the sufferings of the masses will lessen, and the real problems will begin for those handful of people indulging in corruption and black money hoarders, modi said.
Citing an example, Rohatgi said petrol pumps deposited mostly Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes in banks when the exemptions were allowed.
a shift to digital payments has huge benefits for the common man it has a transformative impact in terms of greater formalisation of the economy and mainstreaming of financial savings into the banking system, arunjaitley told parliament.
asked whether his criticism of the centre appeared to be hypocritical, given that the telugu desam party (tdp), of which he is the president, had been part of the national democratic alliance (nda) government till march this year, babu said, i was against the demonetisation of the high-value currency notes, and said so after the move was announced.
Obviously there is some inconvenience for a couple of days or a couple of weeks, but that cannot be an alibi that India continues to live (with black money and parallel economy), Jaitley said".
vijayawada: the decision of demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 currency would help both the centre and states garner more revenue, but the black money hoarders would search for alternatives to protect their illegal money and the centre should be well prepared to deal with it, finance minister ram said here on friday.
patna, may 5: the rjd has raked up the issue of demonetisation again, even though its ally jdu's chief nitishkumar had said the note ban had found resonance among the poor.
indias economic growth of 7  during october-december has sparked a debate on how output grew so fast at a time when the country was facing its biggest-ever cash crunch after prime minister modi announced on november 8 the demonetisation exercise, which weeded out 86  of the currency notes in circulation.
kochi: chief economic advisor ram has said demonetisation can be called successful only if the amount of currency in circulation comes down over time and there is an increase in tax compliance.
it would be good if the banks make some arrangements to ensure smaller denomination notes are made available in atms.voicing similar opinion, subitha kumar from shantinagar said, we have been struggling ever since prime minister modi announced the demonetisation.
admitting that demonetisation has affected finances of the state, finance minister ram said that there is a decrease in tax revenues for the last four months -- from november, 2016 to february, 2017.
normalcy has returned to the currency system post demonetisation and the pace of cash withdrawls has come down, said r gandhi who retired as deputy governor of reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday and was in charge of the currency management division.
agreeing to the fact that jan dhan accounts had been misused by high and mighty to convert their black money into white, akhileshyadav said even his government was against such corruption.
in remarks apparently aimed at former reserve bank governor raghuram rajan, who friday blamed the goods and services tax roll-out along with demonetisation for lower gdp growth, arunjaitley said the economy recovered fast from the limited disruptionist impact of the tax reform.
to be honest, even december and january was good, but there were few sectors in which industries like hindustan unilever and others saw a decline because of demonetisation but the trend now is upwards, said modi , president, federation of telangana and andhra pradesh chambers of commerce and industry (ftapcci).
captain amarindersingh says, nri money has come in despite demonetisation through some channels, but, i am more concerned with the ideology of the extreme left and the khalistanis who are supporting the aap.
prior to november 8, the day prime minister narendramodi announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 banknotes, around rs 13,000 crore was fed daily into the countrys 220,000 atms.read | 50 days of demonetisation: atm queues shorter but ripples to remain in januarythough cash situation is better, queues can still be seen outside several atm kiosks, primarily due to withdrawal restrictions  rs 4,500 per day and rs 24,000 a week.
it is a fact that perhaps the demonetisation process, as was pointed out, it may cause a momentary setback or momentary slowdown (to india's exports)," commerce secretary rita teaotia said.
New Delhi, Nov 14, 2016, PTI: 14:02 ISTAllaying fears of shortage, the Finance Ministry today said there is enough cash in the system and delivery channels are being augmented across the country to help cash-starved citizens.
However, with effect from tomorrow individuals can exchange invalid 500 and 1,000 rupee notes totalling Rs 2,000, as against Rs 4,500 earlier, only once till December 30.
on demonetisation, pranabmukherjee said the move may have led to a temporary slowdown in the economy, but would bring more transparency into the system.
modi said this was necessary to combat corruption, black money and terror funding.
in his television address, modi had said: honest citizens want this fight against corruption, black money, benami property, terrorism and counterfeiting to continue.
Q3 growth negates negative speculations about note ban impactNew Delhi, Feb 28, 2017, (PTI) 20:46 ISTElated at the GDP numbers, Finance Ministry today said the 7 per cent growth in the third quarter has negated the negative projections and speculations about the impact of demonetisation on growth.
indias economic growth of 7  during october-december has sparked a debate on how output grew so fast at a time when the country was facing its biggest-ever cash crunch after prime minister narendramodi announced on november 8 the demonetisation exercise, which weeded out 86  of the currency notes in circulation.
speaking about demonetisation, modi said it was not an unexpected jolt, as the government had given warnings over a period of one year to hoarders of black money to declare their assets and pay penalties.
The number of ATMs which will be recalibrated and which can dispense Rs 2,000 notes will be stepped up.
on the occasion, union minister m naidu said that the demonetisation was also a part of the digital india.
A large number of micro-ATMs will also be deployed across the country to facilitate disbursement of new currency.
With regard to the impact of demonetisation on rabi sowing, Das said the total sowing area so far is almost at par with last year and whatever shortfall has happened will be made good in the coming weeks.
(Source: File)In a stern warning to black money hoarders, the Finance Ministry today said those indulging in money laundering activities and converting their ill-gotten money into white will not be spared as law-enforcement agencies are already chasing such trails.
modi government will tackle black money issue: amitshah delhi, may 26, 2015, (ians) 11:23 istthe narendra modi-led central government is determined to tackle the black money issue, bjp president amitshah said here on tuesday.
The Centre had submitted an affidavit last week on the demonetisation move in the Supreme Court, saying it is an attempt to unearth black money stashed over the last seven decades.
in an address to the nation on december 8, 2016, prime minister modi had said the note recall was aimed at tackling corruption, black money, terror funding and fake currency.
Despite all odds, the people of the country have accepted this reality with enthusiasm and have shown greater maturity.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said it will be erroneous to attribute the sharp slowdown in economic growth in the fourth quarter of 2016-17 solely to demonetisation since several factors, including the global situation, pulled down the gdp growth to 6.
Expressing serious concern over the fallout of demonetisation in terms of its impact on the common people, Amarinder said his personal view was that its objective to eliminate black money was good, but implementation was poor.
The Prime Minister redefined the new normal though his bold initiative of demonetisation of high currency notes.
his plans were pushed back when prime minister modi announced demonetisation on november 8.
prime minister modi while announcing the demonetisation decision on november 8 had said there will be some inconvenience to people for the initial 50-day period after which the situation will ease out.
watch video | nitishkumar , sitaram yechury, kapil sibal in an engaging discussion at p chidambarams book launchcalling demonetisation a big blunder, chidambaram said it is possible that popular silence is being interpreted as popular support.
sack gandhi , says gandhi delhi, june 16, 2015, dhns 23:29 istcongress vice-president gandhi on monday asked prime minister narendra modi to sack external affairs minister gandhi swaraj for helping former ipl chief lalit modi who is the symbol of black money.
punjab congress chief captain amarinder singh on sunday asked prime minister narendra modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his demonetisation move.
long queues have been seen outsides banks since prime minister modi announced scrapping of banknotes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 to curb black money.
when you make comments on steps we are taking on black money, please honestly consider your track record, arunjaitley said attacking the congress whose vice president had last week alleged in lok sabha that the disclosure scheme was fair and lovely to allow conversion of black money into white.
expressing serious concern over the fallout of demonetisation in terms of its impact on the common people, amarinder said his personal view was that its objective to eliminate black money was good, but implementation was poor.
in his address, pranabmukherjee said that demonetisation has resulted in the temporary slowdown of the economy but as more and more transactions become cashless, it will improve the transparency of the economy.
bal thackeray would've backed demonetisation: pm to sena mpsmumbai, nov 22, 2016 (pti) 21:45 istamid shiv sena's growing criticism of centre's demonetisation move, prime minister modi today told the party mps had former party patriarch bal thackeray been alive, he would have supported the move.
the move had branded 86 per cent of the currency in circulation black money and everyone a criminal, he said adding when modi announced the plan it was expected that adequate arrangements would be made for dispensing new notes.
responding to a question on the present nda government bringing back black money, shashitharoor said what the current government has brought back is the money that the previous government was already in the course of getting back.
bal thackeray would've backed demonetisation: pm to sena mpsmumbai, nov 22, 2016 (pti) 21:45 istamid shiv sena's growing criticism of centre's demonetisation move, prime minister narendramodi today told the party mps had former party patriarch bal thackeray been alive, he would have supported the move.
hitting back at singh, who had called demonetisation an organised loot and legalised plunder, modi said, he (manmohan) had perfected the art of bathing under a shower with raincoat on and so there was no blot on him despite all the scams that occurred during his tenure.
the contraction in industrial production in december as per the latest data is the fallout of demonetisation and expansion is expected in the coming months, finance minister arunjaitley said on friday.
pm wants 50 pc farmers to join crop insurance scheme in 2 yrsnew delhi, jan 31, 2016, (pti) 14:22 isthighlighting benefits of the just- announced crop insurance scheme, prime minister narendramodi today said awareness about it should be spread across the country so that at least 50 per cent of the farmers join it within two years.
union urban development minister m.venkaiahnaidu in gandhinagar on monday announced that the centre will decide on relaxing guidelines to pay compensation to farmers who sustained 25 per cent to 50 percent damage to their crops.
badal said that the state government was leaving no stone unturned to ensure that more and more such centres were opened in the state for the larger interest of the farmers adding that special thrust was being laid on promoting the cultivation of vegetables and citrus fruits through them.
(source: pti)despite the ongoing tension at the indo-pak border, the farmers in the states border-belt with pakistan would be allowed to harvest their produce at every cost, punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal said on sunday.
addressing local farmers, modi said that when he became the pm, sugarcane farmers were to be paid rs 14,000 crore.
according to reports, modi told pawar that fadnavis would take a call on loan waiver.
modi, who was replying to a debate on the motion of thanks to the president's address, said his government wanted to make changes in the land act passed during the upa tenure because all the chief ministers had said it was against farmers' interest and hampered development and infrastructure creation.
during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
on the farm sector loan, pranabmukherjee said, against the target of flow of rs 3,75,000 crore as agricultural credit in 2010-11, the achievement has been over rs 4,46,000 crore.
in a bid to counter patel who has been raising the issue of suicides by farmers,modi also announced to hold a series of farmer development conventions at all the 115 dam sites in the region before october 7,when the cm completes 11 years in office.
vardhan said, prime minister narendramodi had asked multi-national companies to mix their carbonated drinks with fruit juices to help farmers of the country.
the enhanced fund limit by nabard for district central cooperative banks will be passed on to the primary agricultural cooperative societies and they will get activated and will meet the crop loan requirement of the farmers for rabi season, said das.
making drought-proofing a priority area, arunjaitley said as many as 28.
we will take action against those who fired at the farmers, he said, inviting cheers from the crowd that had braved scorching heat for over four hours to hear him speak.
exhorting fish farmers in the presence of animal husbandry and fisheries minister awadhesh kumar singh, agriculture minister ramvichar rai, cooperatives minister alok kumar mehta and food and consumer protection minister madan sahni, to take a pledge to produce more fish to fulfil bihar's demand and also export to other states, nitishkumar said the blue revolution in fisheries sector was a part of his concept of rainbow revolution to improve the income of people, raise their standard of living and bolster the revenue of the state.
challenging congress vice-president rahul gandhi to come clean on loan waiver to big business houses, naidu said non-performing assets worth lakhs of crores of rupees were waived off during upa rule.
chandigarh: addressing a protest rally at chandigarh on tuesday, former punjab chief minister parkash singh badal advised farmers not to pay their debt stating that his successor captain amarinder singh had given them sworn affidavits stating he would pay their debts.
in his message, siddaramaiah said the state hit by monsoon failure and drought will be blessed with a good north east monsoon that will raise the hopes for rabi crops.
it's not possible to release tamil nadu's share as per the award as our (karnataka's) farmers very much need water during this four-month period, siddaramaiah said in the assembly, briefing the members on the deliberations.
we are going to waive farm loans, gandhi told the media here asserting that his party would fulfil the promise of waving loans of farmers in all the three states within 10 days of coming to power.
he added that hed meet chairmen and senior officials of nationalised banks about farm loans in their banks to seek their feedback on loan waiver and frame guidelines accordingly.
by ptinew delhi: the bjp government is sincerely working to solve the problems faced by farmers, who were treated merely as vote bank by previous governments, prime minister modi said at the saffron party's national convention here saturday.
the first guarantee given by any government should be that it will not let farmers die, modi said.
mentioning the government programmes, modi said the crop insurance under the prime ministers fasal bima yojana has recorded a seven-fold jump in just one year of its launch.
bjp in its lok kalyan sankalp patra (manifesto) had promised to waive loans of small and marginal farmers, and prime minister modi had said in his election speeches that writing off the farmers loans would be among the foremost tasks of the partys government.
while claiming that total investments in agriculture sector would in his tenure of five years (2014-2019) would surpass the past records of 50 years, fadnavis said, rs 34,000 crore loan waiver to 89 lakh farmers would reach the truly deserving and genuine individuals.
during his political address at churu, modi said that under the scheme, 1 crore small farmers had received rs 2,000 each without any middleman transferred into their bank accounts.
in response to a question, amarindersingh said his government, which had inherited a bankrupt punjab, had made a good start with the farm loan waiver and employment generation schemes.
at a meeting held with top officials of national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), and the ministries of agriculture and finance, fadnavis said, crop loan (disbursements) should be raised to cover larger number of farmers with an attempt to lessen their dependence on private money lenders.
modi, who is trying to boost investment in industry that would create new jobs outside agriculture, said farmers should increase productivity so that they can prosper even as the average size of farms shrinks due to a growing population.
misuse of relief amountearlier in the day, speaking to reporters at the mysore airport at mandakalli in mysuru, siddaramaiah said on friday that there was no question of protecting any tainted persons over embezzlement of relief amount meant for farmers for land acquired from them.
assuring that his government was duty-bound to fulfill every promise made to the people in its election manifesto, amarindersingh said the state had approached the union government for the loan waiver.
besides taking a scientific approach to soil treatment and embarking upon a mammoth tree plantation drive, the cm said he has roped in experts from the agro-sector.
pm-kisan, which will involve a cost of rs 75,000 crore, will eventually enable farmers to increase their income, modi claimed, adding that there would be no place for any syndicate or middlemen as money would be transferred directly into farmers accounts.
(source: ani photo) rahulgandhi said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
now as we have started the waiver despite odds against us we will continue providing assistance and will reach out to all 10.25 lakh small and marginal farmers out of total 17.50 farming families in punjab.
fadnavis on wednesday announced that the government would provide financial support of rs 1,500 per farmer up to two hectares for resowing if necessary.
bhopal: before ending his 28-hour-long fast, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan today announced a series of measures for farmers, including declaring purchase of farm produce below the minimum support a criminal act.
i am going to waive off farmers loans, kumaraswamy told reporters in bengaluru after being sworn in as chief minister.
chief minister park on sunday told leaders of the 17 farmers unions that the state will cancel the notification for acquisition of 171 acres of gobindpura village for the upcoming power plant of indiabulls,and they can start tilling their land.
a sincere attempt will be made to provide water to standing crops of our farmers, siddaramaiah said.
the ministers have been told to tour all talukas and find out whether the steps taken and government schemes being implemented were reaching the farmers and whether the villagers had any grievances to make, he said.
during this interaction, modi said he would be speaking to farmers on june 20 on developments and advancements in the agriculture sector.
siddaramaiah also said that the four cabinet sub committees on drought will tour the drought-hit areas to review relief works.
terming it as his scheme aimed at increasing productivity, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said the farmers will be paid rs 200 bonus on every quintal they sold to the government in the last rabi season.
making a strong outreach to the crisis-ridden farming community, modi said the kisan channel is aimed at helping drive farm income by supplying key information, such as weather, market and demand.
the ruling bjp does seem to have realized that climate change and droughts are a growing concern, and prime minister modi announced a separate ministry for water called jal shakti.
our mantra is to provide education to boys and girls, income for youth, irrigation facility to farmers and medicines to elders, modi said.
patna: india and china can benefit and learn more from exchange in the fields of education, tourism, industry, agriculture and infrastructure technology, chief minister nitishkumar on thursday said while welcoming a 12-member chinese delegation led by communist party of china secretary of gansu province lu hao.
laying stress on setting up more ultra-modern centers of excellence for undertaking research and design (r&d) to promote agriculture diversification in the state, punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals on tuesday said that these were the 'temples of second green revolution' which were required for bailing out the farmers from the current agrarian crisis.
allocations for schemes in agriculture, rural development and infrastructure have been hiked, while electronic manufacturing and textiles have been specially marked for investment for job creation, modi said.
(source: pti photo)exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology, prime minister narendramodi on monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when india would celebrate 75 years of independence.
in his message, ram said the state hit by monsoon failure and drought will be blessed with a good north east monsoon that will raise the hopes for rabi crops.
after being conferred with the cauvery award at a programme organised at chandravana ashrama near here as part of navaratri celebrations, kirankumar said that the satellites are used for collecting information on weather, for use in agriculture, education, communication, television and other fields.
you just count for 10 days  our government will come up with policy to waive farmer debt, said gandhi.
gandhi said, if farmers are in distress, waiver is the immediate step that needs to be taken.
reiterating the decision to hike milk procurement price for farmers by re 1 from existing rs 4 to rs 5 per litre of milk, siddaramaiah said the new price will come into effect from december 10.
we have procured crops of rs 8,900 crore at the minimum support price (msp) and will disburse rs 80,000 crore worth interest-free crop loans to the farmer by the end of this year, which will be highest in the country, she said.
however, siddaramaiah earlier told representatives of various farmers organisations that the online system had been working effectively and helped lakhs of farmers get judicious price for their produce at apmcs.
new delhi, may 26, 2015, (pti): 18:21 istmaking a strong pitch for growth of farmers, prime minister narendramodi today said the country cannot move forward without their progress and called for increase in crop productivity by 50 percent.
neeraj jain,conveynor,lokayat,pune,said contract farming is paving way for the government to pull out of its traditional role and give way to corporatisation of agriculture.
on a trip to villages in his lambi assembly constituency last week, badal, while speaking on the amarinder singh govts debt waiver scheme during an interaction with the media, said he was willing to talk to top brass of the government for the sake of debt-ridden farmers.
heres a look:change in fiscal yearin his opening remarks, modi said that in a country like india where agricultural income is exceedingly important, budgets should be prepared immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year.
the sco has a rich agenda for cooperation, ranging from fighting terrorism, separatism and extremism to promoting cooperation in connectivity, commerce, customs, law, health and agriculture; protecting the environment and mitigating disaster risk, and fostering people-to-people relations, modi said in a pre-departure statement.
kishore tiwari, leader of farmers advocacy group vidarbha jan andolan samiti, said, hostile counselling alone will not work and distressed families should be assured of health, educational benefits, food security, special long-term loans for their daughters wedding.
kau vice-chancellor r babu said, the proposal to establish a caast for knowledge and skill development on coconut-based secondary agriculture has been approved by the icar.
all-party delegation to be taken to delhi to resolve sugar cane issuebelagavi: july 1, 2015, dhns 1:10 istthe state government will pay the sugar cane farmers after auctioning the sugar stock seized from the factories, chief minister siddaramaiah has said.
(source: ani photo) rahul gandhi said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
by ianspalamau: in an obvious attack on the congress, prime minister modi on saturday said that he preferred to complete the pending irrigation projects to empower farmers instead of waiving their loans.
our pro-poor schemes such as cheaper foodgrain to poor people, free milk supply to students, interest-free loans to farmers and welfare schemes to other sections of society are benefiting the people across the state, ram said.
the state governments impetus on greater investments in the agriculture sector has resulted in generation of rs 40,000-crore income to farmers in the last one year in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
at the meeting of the bjp parliamentary party yesterday, prime minister narendramodi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by congress-ruled states and their chief ministers.
28 crore in 2015-16 benefiting 2,00,947 farmers, babu said, adding that rs 415.
(source: pti)despite the ongoing tension at the indo-pak border, the farmers in the states border-belt with pakistan would be allowed to harvest their produce at every cost, punjab chief minister park said on sunday.
uninterrupted power to farmers in two years: piyush goyalpatna, nov 15, 2014, (ians): 17:38 istthe narendra modi government will provide uninterrupted electricity through dedicated feeders to farmers across india in the next two years, union power minister piyushgoyal said saturday.
speaking at a rally after participating in a padayatra with rahul from maidur to gudagur in ranebennur taluk on saturday, chief minister ram said the compensation to families of farmers who have committed suicide will be increased from rs 2 lakh to rs 5 lakh.
yesterday, punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal had said that he would denotify the land acquired for the sutlej-yamuna link (syl) canal and return it to farmers.
stop bringing in farmers on the issue of black money, farmers money is white and there is no tax on their money, said arunjaitley in lok sabha during the discussion on the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, 2017.
interacting with party workers during his visit to hassan, on sunday, dr harshvardhan said, the centre was pro-farmer and was concerned about chalking out plans for the overall development of the country.
raje said earlier farmers used to get insurance of rs 50,000 on death or permanent disability under raj sahakar personal insurance scheme, which now has been increased to rs 10 lakh.
modi said that these problems were being faced by sugarcane farmers across the country and the union government was a taking a number of steps to address them, said a press release from the prime ministers office.
chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on monday claimed that nearly rs 30,000 crore reached farmers bank accounts in the last one year.
fadnavis told the villagers, we are making effort to ensure the investment cost in the agriculture is reduced to minimise the financial losses incurred by the farmers.
the congress vice president said he will force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
niti aayog vice-chairman nagar niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariyaniti aayog vice-chairman nagar today said there is a need to formulate proper policies to ensure farmers get better prices for produce and asserted that there is no question of taxing their income.
gandhi said his party had promised loan waiver for farmers during polls in punjab and karnataka and kept its word after coming to power in the two states.
in a recent letter to the prime minister, siddaramaiah said his government is willing to consider waiving 50  of farm loans extended by co-operative banks if the centre accepts his request.
last updated: 11 december, 2011kolar/chikkaballapur, december 11, dhns: 23:53 iststrategy meet: in search of permanent solutions for water scarcity in districtssinking borewells would not be a permanent solutions for perennial water crisis in the districts of kolar and chikkaballapur, said dr ram , professor at the university of agriculture science, bangalore.
agriculture minister ram told toi that all officials had been instructed to prepare contingency plans to handle the eventuality of a monsoon failure.
gurdaspur: punjab chief minister captain amarinder has announced to give debt relief certificates worth rs 156.
to overcome the problem, modi has asked scientists to work closely with farmers to introduce high-yielding crop varieties.
modi said the new tunnel would not only help farmers in the region take their produce to the capital in less time and avoid weather disruptions, but would potentially double tourism in the state.
speaking to dh, farmer leader sunanda ram said, give us water, or give us compensation for crop loss.
playing the pro-poor and pro-farmers card, a plank bjp has assiduously tried to claim for some time, modi said the recent budget was all about them besides the middle class.
we have to mount pressure on the government to ensure justice to farmers, naidu told tdp lawmakers at a meeting at his residence.
bikaner: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh today said 'the pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojna (pmksy)' will help deal with the menace of drought as more area will be covered under the irrigation scheme.
the bidding process and final bid price are prominently displayed to the farmers on a lcd screen in the auction floor, ram said.
however, ram earlier told representatives of various farmers organisations that the online system had been working effectively and helped lakhs of farmers get judicious price for their produce at apmcs.
chief minister yogiadityanath in a statement in the assembly on tuesday said that his government has decided to provide subsidy to potato farmers for transportation of their produce to other places for better prices.
new delhi, may 26, 2015, (pti): 18:21 istmaking a strong pitch for growth of farmers, prime minister modi today said the country cannot move forward without their progress and called for increase in crop productivity by 50 percent.
earlier, union home minister rajnathsingh told the gathering that the nda government had raised the amount of compensation to farmers who suffered due to vagaries of nature.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state cabinet would give one more chance to farmers who could not submit their loan waiver application.
in april this year, chief minister devendrafadnavis had told the indian express that the government has put in several plans in place to reduce the farmer suicides and the efforts will take time to show results.
modi had said that as millions of people buy pepsi and coke the companies could put 5 per cent natural juice in their drinks and it would help farmers make a lot of money and not throw their fruits away.
meanwhile, siddaramaiah on sunday told reporters in mysuru that he is waiting for union governments stand to take a decision of farm loan waiver.
when specifically asked as to what he found out after interacting with farmers, fadnavis said, when i spoke to farmers and villagers, they seemed satisfied with schemes being implemented by the government.
maharashtra bjp chief devendra fadnavis on sunday said the state would have a separate budget for agriculture to tackle the socio-economic problems of farmers, if the bjp-led alliance was voted to power.
in order to give them some relief, we have decided to buy 28,000 tonnes of potato per month directly from the farmers for mid-day meal scheme and anganwadi centres, mamatabanerjee said.
speaking at an interactive session with the members of merchants chamber of commerce and industry in kolkata on thursday, smritiirani said, nsc will supply these certified seeds to the jute farmers in the state through different central and state government agencies.
the fund was released based on recommendations were by a high-level team of officials from the centre which visited drought-hit areas recently, union agriculture minister radhamohansingh told reporters here.
during afghan president ashraf ghani's visit to india last week, prime minister modi announced allocation of usd 1 billion to afghanistan to meet requirements for capacity and capability building in spheres like education, health, agriculture, skill development, empowerment of women, energy, infrastructure and strengthening of democratic institutions.
bhopal: chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on saturday announced major sops for farmers, including an export agency to help them sell their produce outside the country and bonus of rs 100 per quintal for gram, lentil and mustard in addition to msp .
chhapar (ludhiana): amid ongoing protests by farmers over meagre compensation for the cotton crop loss in malwa, punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals announced rs 600-crore relief for the farming community here on monday.
watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers(file photo) chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers(file photo)in a move to quell the tension that arose after farmers protest turned violent on tuesday in madhya pradesh, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on wednesday said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers.
recalling the contributions of the wadiyar kings, especially nalvadi, to all fields to make mysuru a welfare state, including education, agriculture, irrigation, and industries, siddaramaiah said, since he became chief minister, roads measuring a total of 1,000 km have been laid across the district at a cost of rs 1,580 crore.
modi also said that food processing, dairy, agriculture and the related areas, including their supply chain, have a lot of scope for cooperation.
modi said farmers should employ modern techniques like greenhouse farming,tent-house and polyhouse farming.
partys general secretary digvijaya singh asked: upa had waived loans of farmers worth rs 72,000 crore.
i live for the farmers, modi said as he appealed to the agriculture community to make ample use of the crop insurance scheme as it will help them during the time of crisis.
action will be taken as per law, against all those (mills) not abiding by the law, siddaramaiah told reporters here in response to a question that a few mill owners - who are ministers in his cabinet - are allegedly not abiding by rules about payment of dues to sugarcane farmers.
amid the din, parliamentary affairs minister m naidu said the government was ready to discuss the farmer's suicide, which is a important, serious and urgent.
they are urging prosperous farmers to undertake hydroponic experiments and help bridge the gap in supply of fodder in their respective villages.
you just count for 10 days our government will come up with policy to waive farmer debt, said gandhi.
highlighting pradhan mantri kisan bima yojna, smritiirani said that the centre has approved kisan vihaan kendra in amethi and if the state government provide land it would be started soon.
in madhya pradesh, where five farmers were shot dead by police during a protest on june 6, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said purchasing farm produce at rates lower than the minimum support price (msp) will be treated as a crime.
karnataka milk federation (kmf) director, who looks into co-operative societies, dr babu said the societies started putting money directly to the farmers/producers account after demonetisation move.
earlier, a rift developed among agitators as a group of farmers decided to call off the protest after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a partial loan waiver for small and marginal farmers on june 3.
while pitching in for a deeper india-africa partnership on clean energy, sustainable habitats, public transport and climate resilient agriculture, modi said it is also true that the excess of few cannot become the burden of many.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavisaurangabad: the maharashtra government has launched some schemes which will help make the perennially parched marathwada region free of drought, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday.
reiterating his governments commitment to the poor, farmer and women, modi said keeping his promise over 1500 villages had received electricity during the last two and a half years.
prime minister narendramodi who held series of meeting with chief ministers of several states on drought and crop loss issue recently, also said the government will come out with a scheme to address the perennial drought-prone areas.
state seeks rs 362 crore for flood reliefbangalore, oct 31, 2014, dhns: 13:10 istcentral teams will visit drought-hit areas on nov 7 and 8: cmchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday said the state government had convinced two central teams, which visited nine flood affected districts, about the severity of the devastation and was confident that the centre would approve the relief package of rs 362 crore it had sought.
skeptical about up farm loan waiveron the uttar pradesh government waiving farm loans, benefiting 86 lakh farmers, siddaramaiah said he does not know if the centre had chipped in.
earlier, mamatabanerjee had announced that land would be returned to farmers after the end of durga puja.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das told presspersons that the rs. 21,000 crore would enable these banks to sanction and disburse crop loans to farmers through the network of primary agricultural cooperative societies.
modi, who has set a target of doubling farmers income by 2022, said work was underway on reforming the agriculture market.
siddaramaiah said the centre has been asked to release rs 4,500 crore to state under national disaster relief fund as 139 taluks are reeling under drought.
when pointed out that government officials were allegedly not put in their might to stop the farmer suicide saga, fadnavis said all efforts are underway and things would soon change in marathwada.
cm warns of action against usurious lendersjuly 19, 2015, bengaluru, dhns 1:16 istmoneylenders pressuring farmers for high rates of interest and eventually driving them to suicide will be held responsible for their death, chief minister siddaramaiah said on saturday.
clarifying on the assistance to be given to farmers affected from hailstorms and pink bollworm attack, fadnavis said the survey has been completed and actual disbursement is in process.
according to a note being circulated by the department of economic affairs within the government, modi has asked the officials to seek aiib fund particularly for pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana (prime ministers agricultural irrigation scheme) or pmksy, rural housing programme and some projects in railway sector on priority.
it has not given funds for drinking water and fodder, which we had sought, ram said, adding that the state would spend any amount of money to meet the requirements of drinking water and fodder during drought.
punjab chief minister park (file photo)punjab chief minister park on monday announced a grant of rs 10 crore as compensation to farmers whose cotton crops were extensively damaged due to the whitefly menace.
devendra fadnavis (file) devendrafadnavis (file)while loan waiver is going to lead to financial constraints, it will not impact development projects in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
in the first meeting of the cwc since the prime minister declared that land ordinance would not be repromulgated, gandhi said that due to congress' sustained campaign, the government has been compelled to withdraw its anti-farmer amendments.
modi also said the poorvanchal and bundelkhand expressways would transform the economy of the two regions as farmers and traders would get national and international connectivity.
there cannot be any justification to financial institutions turning down loans to farmers on the pretext of non-recovery or outstanding debt, fadnavis said.
protecting the interest of the farmers, their right to fair compensation, rehabilitation, resettlement and financial compensation has been refined, pranabmukherjee told the joint sitting of parliament on the opening day of the budget session.
talking about the governments objective of doubling the farmers income by 2022, modi said swaminathan had recently given him some suggestions on which he was working.
(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that micro-irrigation for agriculture will not only save water but also increase the productivity.
4: prime minister manmohansingh today asked states to waive local taxes, including octroi, as well as reform the outdated agriculture produce marketing committee act, or mandi act, to help control a runaway food inflation.
crop sown not getting insurance is being taken up, ram said during zero hour, adding crop insurance coverage is being increased.
dcc president t p ram said the budget has announced welfare programmes for farmers, women and deprived class.
deputy commissioner babu said the assessment of the damages in the district is on and initiatives would be taken to benefit the farmers according to the governments direction.
speaking further, nitishkumar said that restoration of lakhandei to its old course was very important because its drying up and the river shifting and taking another course had led to a situation in which farmers were not getting water for irrigating their crops.
it's not possible to release tamil nadu's share as per the award as our (karnataka's) farmers very much need water during this four-month period, ram said in the assembly, briefing the members on the deliberations.
modi said up, tamil nadu maharashtra and other governments have submitted the list and their farmers are getting the benefits.
if theres no loan waiver after that, we should put up a fight to ensure kumaraswamy is stripped of power, he said.
the congress government, on the other hand, had waived over rs 70,000 crore in farm loans across the country, he added.
at the states annual kharif review meeting held on friday, chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the government would prioritise agriculture, water conservation and finance and was planning to consolidate the agriculture (and allied sector) growth from 12.
we have written to ipc bank to examine amount as shown in list of beneficiaries with loan amount they had actually borrowed and the revised list with actual figure of loan amount should be further sent to state government to square accounts of farmers agriculture loan, assistant commissioner (cooperative) babu said.
chief minister ram who was in a hurry to return to the state capital to chair an all party meeting, said the government decided to keep the festivities low key as the state is battling continuous droughts.
sugar minister h s ram said water resources minister m b patil would hold a meeting of sugar cane farmers and factory owners in bijapur on thursday to resolve local issues pertaining to payment of sugar cane dues.
prime minister modi , while addressing kisan morcha karyakartas of karnataka through modi (namo) app, said that a change in the government is needed to bring changes in the farmer's condition.
compensationsuresh ram said he would make all efforts to ensure that the farmers who had lost their land under the hemavathi scheme, will get compensation at the earliest.
his observation is in contrast with its alliance partner congress demand for a complete loan waiver.
chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals may have announced that families of suicide victims will be given `3 lakh in compensation `50,000 in cash and the remaining to be deposited in the familys account.
hyderabad: ma&ud minister kt ram said on saturday that people of andhra pradesh were so impressed with the farmer-friendly measures implemented by chief minister k chandrasekhar rao that the telangana rashtra samithi (trs) may branch out to ap.
farmers in maharashtra, who had been on a war path from june 1 to press for their various demands, had on june 11 called off their stir after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced loan waiver for them.
the decision has helped to get rid of exploitation of farmers by private money lenders, fadnavis said on sunday.
this would be complete with strong agro-industrial linkages to ensure assured dividends to small and marginal farmers in 14 suicide-prone districts, fadnavis said.
i am confident that this statue will become a centre to improve agriculture as well as the lives of local tribals here, modi said.
lawyer-turned-organic farmer and founder of the green path, h r ram said: the festival enables farmers to sell their produce directly to consumers.
later in the day, punjab chief minister park said payment to farmers for their harvest would flow electronically from tuesday, and rs 4,000 crore would be disbursed with 24 hours.
gujarat chief minister vijayrupani on sunday announced changes in the norms for spending annual grant of rs 1 crore to each mla for local area development (lad) to help projects like swachh bharat mission and farmers market, as per the recommendations of the cabinet sub-committee.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on sunday announced loans for farmers and their wards under an entrepreneurship scheme, in his maiden talk show, dil se, akin to prime minsiter narendra modis monthly radio address, mann ki baat.
yesterday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said the government will announce a loan waiver before october 31 and about 1.
pm wants 50 pc farmers to join crop insurance scheme in 2 yrsnew delhi, jan 31, 2016, (pti) 14:22 isthighlighting benefits of the just- announced crop insurance scheme, prime minister modi today said awareness about it should be spread across the country so that at least 50 per cent of the farmers join it within two years.
meanwhile, in an effort to cool tempers, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced more sops for the farmers.
the developments come a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver for farmers before october 31, which will benefit 1.
during the deliberations, the chief minister informed the delegation, led by the chairman of punjab mandi board ajmer singh lakhowal, that the state government has already released funds worth rs 80 crore to ensure free crop loan of farmers upto rs 50000.
mumbai: after his controversial remarks on reservations ncp chief sharad pawar on tuesday demanded quotas for farmers to tackle the agrarian crisis and halt the sudden spurt in suicides.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday asked district officials in drought-hit parbhani district in the marathwada region to set up cattle camps and deploy more water tankers.
from seed to market, give all facilities to the farmers, modi said.
during the talks, modi said india and vietnam agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors like oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
our government has brought the most comprehensive fasal bima yojana for the farmers, says modi.
sugar minister h s ram said none of the sugar factories across the country had cleared dues of farmers within 14 days of procurement of sugar cane.
let centre also waive farm loans, cm sayshubballi, oct 02, 2015, dhns: 0:35 ista day after the state government announced waiver of interest on farmers medium- and long-term loans borrowed from co-operative banks, chief minister ram asked bjp leaders to pressure the union government to waive farmers loans borrowed from the nationalised banks, or, at least the interest.
fadnavis said, the state has decided to include 25 lakh farmers in value chain for all major crops.
this would be in addition to the rs 25,000 crore promised by the state government to mobilise resources through agriculture tax to invest in the farm sector.
modi also said that soil health cards were given to 14 crore farmers in the country, including 1.
we have been told to launch a special drive to get those farmers who are in need to avail of the scheme.
in september 2014, modi had asked multinational cola giants pepsico and coca-cola to help indian farmers in increasing their fruit sales by adding fresh fruit juices to their fizzy drinks.
modi said he needs the maximum help from people about spreading awareness regarding the pradhan mantri crop insurance scheme which was launched earlier this month.
flaunts states achievements across power,agricultural and other sectors,modi says this makes the model worthy of transplantation across the country.
addressing the convention organised by the bharatiya janata party at the angadi institute of technology and management, modi said farmers who are not able to cultivate lands due to dry spells during the sowing season would also get insurance cover.
finance minister arunjaitley said nabard provides refinance to approved financial institutions out of the nrc (long term operation) fund and nrc (stabilisation) fund for undertaking agricultural activities.
in his address at 'future india: science and technology at the science congress', modi said, today's new slogan is jai jawan, jai kisan, jai vigyan and jai anusandhan.
claim: mr modi claimed that the governments schemes will double farmers income by 2022.
in the run-up to the elections, his party had promised to effect a complete loan waiver within 24hours of coming to power.
if every farmer can grow a few trees, he adds to his income, while the country cuts down import, modi said.
lets resolve that by 2022 we will no longer have to import pulses i have been telling our universities our agricultural universities should take up each variety of pulses how to do research in it, how to do genetic engineering in it, how to increase productivity, how to increase protein content so that farmers get good prices, modi said.
elaborating on his fate line comment, modi said the tunnel will greatly benefit the people of kashmir, particularly the farmers who would suffer losses because their produce like fruits and vegetables would perish due to prolonging of their journeys from the valley to other parts of the country.
now it is time to do a bit for the farmer who ensure food security of the country, badal, who was speaking in punjabi, said referring to the slogan 'jai jawan, jai kisan' given by late prime minister lal bahadur shastri, which modi too had echoed as a poll promise.
stating that agriculture remains a most potent sector to push up country's economy, modi said the farmers should be led towards modern amenities and his government's efforts to distribute soil health cards is a sincere attempt towards that endeavour.
we have to mount pressure on the government to ensure justice to farmers, babu told tdp lawmakers at a meeting at his residence.
rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje in the budget for 2018-19 announced a one-time loan waiver of up to rs 50,000 for small and marginal farmers along with a budgetary provision of rs 2,000 crore.
modi said the budget had focussed on womens empowerment, the housing sector and agriculture.
improved insurance coverage to crops is being ensured under the pm fasal bima yojna, naidu said, while pointing towards other initiatives such as soil health cards, organic farming, agri-markets, kisan suvidha and better minimum support prices.
later in the day, ending his road show in the old city, rahul told a gathering that economists have told him that the schemes like mgnrega and loan waiver had helped the overall economy of the country and not just the farmers.
so far, an amount of rs. 999.67 crore had been disbursed as relief to about 2.02 lakh farmers, he added.
our pro-poor schemes such as cheaper foodgrain to poor people, free milk supply to students, interest-free loans to farmers and welfare schemes to other sections of society are benefiting the people across the state, siddaramaiah said.
inaugurating the first international agro-biodiversity congress here in the national capital, prime minister modi said it was high time that the stakeholders in the agriculture sector change the way they look at preserving the agro-biodiversity and its inhabitants.
because, if a farmer joins the scheme, he will get a huge help during a natural calamity, modi said.
assuring the farmers about the governments focus on agriculture, pranabmukherjee said: my government has taken various steps to transform the lives of our farmers.
making a statement in the assembly later in the day, siddaramaiah said: it is not possible to release tamil nadus share according to the final award as our farmers very much need water during this four-month period.
in a bid to tackle drought effectively, the maharashtra government has planned to link its water conservation projects with environmental preservation.
with regard to taxation of agriculture income, jaitley said centre does not have the power to impose tax on agriculture.
referring to isros feat, modi said scientists had brought laurels to the nation and felt that the launch will be of great help in mapping of resources, evaluating development and help farmers.
the additional tax for crop compensation, crop insurance and integrated watershed management was levied in october 2015 after severe agrarian crisis in several parts of the state.
we will form government in uttar pradesh, will waive loans of small farmers, modi said.
boosting moralewith collective initiative, we have to boost the morale of farmers and help them tide over the crisis, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
speaking to reporters in bengaluru, ram said that rahul would visit the houses of farmers who ended their lives due to debt in mandya district on october 9.
by ptinew delhi: the leaders of all opposition parties stand united with farmers in ensuring their good future, congress president rahulgandhi said on friday and called for a farm loan waiver.
chief minister siddaramaiah , who described puttaiah as a model farmer, said, though the latter lacks education (he quit studies while in class eight), he has vast experience in agriculture.
we dont want an india where only a handful get everything, fly in aeroplanes and travel in big cars and our farmers are turned into labourers, rahul said.
the state government has issued a clear target to the financial institutions to ensure allocation of agriculture loans and credit disbursement is also enhanced to arrest the dependence of over 70 per cent of the farming community on private money lenders.
on farm loans, cm devendra fadnavis said the centre was positive about institutionalising the credit system and the state will bear its share.
it will also help farmers earn more, modi said.
at the core of all my governments policies is the welfare of the garib, dalit, pidit, shoshit, vanchit, kisan, shramik and yuva, pranabmukherjee said in his address.
coke heeds to pm's call,to launch fizzy drink with fruit juicenew delhi, feb 11, 2016, (pti): 14:48 istbeverages giant coca-cola is set to launch a new 'juice with fizz' drink, more than a year after prime minister narendramodi had asked the multinational cola giants to add fruit juices to their drinks to help indian farmers increase sales.
district president of bhartiya kisan union (bku), digambar singh, said, chief minister yogiadityanath had announced that 18 hours of power will be supplied in rural area and 24 hours in district headquarters.
reiterating his commitment to waive farm loans, chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys on sunday said that he will not hesitate to resign in case he is unable to do so.
yogi yogiadityanath (source: file photo) yogiadityanath (source: file photo)uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath has said that exploitation of farmers will not be tolerated, and officials, who ignore their interests, will not be spared.
we are fully committed to double the income of farmers by 2022, says pm modi modi.
gandhi said the agriculture loans of farmers in madhya pradesh, including the kin of former chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, have been waived by the congress government in the state.
chief minister prithvirajchavan said talks were on with the karnataka government to get water from the almatti dam to tackle the worsening drought situation in the state.
capt amarindersingh , who met congress president rahul gandhi earlier in the day, said prime minister narendra modis allegations on the punjab governments loan waiver scheme were completely incorrect.
faridkot sub-divisional magistrate (sdm) gurjit singh said the government has issued guidelines to make people aware that loan of the remaining farmers will be waived off in the next phase.
this story is from december 12, 2018picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: a year after the incident of firing in mandsaur leading to death of six farmers, the congress president rahulgandhi in june this year announced that the farmers loan would be waived within 10 days if his party comes to power in madhya pradesh.
pti photothe odisha govenrment will explore the proposal to waive agricultural loans of farmers in the state, chief minister naveenpatnaik said on wednesday.
the committee that will be set up to monitor its implementation will have farmer representatives and ministers.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has already said loan waiver to farmers will be considered at an appropriate time.
on charges of ap copying telangana schemes, babu said andhra pradesh achieved 11  growth in agriculture and allied sectors in the last four years whereas the overall growth of telangana stands at 0.
but prime minister modi told a rally of farmers at sehore, about 40km west of capital bhopal, his governments farmer-friendly insurance is criticism-proof.
raje said in this scheme, after waiving off interest and penalty on overdue loan till september 30, 2017, of small and marginal farmers, loan up to rs 50,000 have been waived off from the remaining loan.
reminding the gathering that the upa government had waived farmers loans worth around rs 70,000 crore, rahul said that congress leaders including him, the then prime minister manmohan singh as well as party president sonia gandhi had held a big rally to inform the public about loan waivers.
mumbai: cm devendrafadnavis told toi on tuesday that two lakh additional farmers would be beneficiaries of the state governments move to take the cutoff date for the farm loan waiver back to 2001.
he also fought for the unification of the state and worked for the welfare of the farming community, ram said.
fee waiver for farmers' kids in drought-hit areasdharwad, sep 22, 2013, dhns: 13:44 istchief minister siddaramaiah on sunday announced that the state government would bear the educational fees of children of farmers of drought-affected areas in the state.
the new capital region will be just 18km from the krishna riverfront and the farmers who part with their fertile land in this region will benefit immensely, babu said, trying to allay their fears.
we are ready to render all possible support to our farmers, babu said.
the lake is being renovated at a cost of rs 17 crore and on completion, about 23,000 acre of land would get irrigation facilities, manoharlalkhattar said.
(source: ani photo) rajnathsingh on thursday said the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man.
on friday, as he got up to welcome m venkaiah naidu as rajya sabha chairman, pm narendramodi said that it is a reflection of the strength of our constitution and the maturity of our democracy that all top constitutional positions today are occupied by the poor and sons of farmers or commoners.
prime minister narendramodi on april 8 had announced higher compensation and government aid for farmers suffering due to unseasonable rains.
once we are voted to power again all farmers would be covered under financial assistance scheme instead of present coverage to farmers having land holdings up to five acres, modi said.
press trust of india, dharwad, may 28 2017, 0:17 istthe future of agriculture in india depends on reclaiming 147 million hectares of land which has been degraded for various reasons, a s kirankumar , the chairman of indian space research organisation (isro), has said.
chief minister siddaramaiah announced cloud seeding, in the backdrop of five consecutive droughts.
rahul gandhi in congress president gandhi addresses an election campaign rally for lok sabha polls, in samastipur, (pti)congress president gandhi on tuesday said no farmer in the country will be jailed for not repaying loans if his party comes to power at the centre.
prime minister narendramodi has said that steps will be taken to double the incomes of farmers in five years.
works under the jalyukt shivar-aimed at a drought proof maharashtra would have to be completed in these districts before june 15.
making a strong outreach to the crisis-ridden farming community, modi said the kisan channel is aimed at helping drive farm income by supplying key information, such as weather, market and demand.
the makers of our constitution laid such strong foundation of indian democracy that today people holding constitutional posts are those who represent poor and marginalised and do not come from rich background, said modi , referring to naidu who is a farmers son.
during his poll campaign, prime minister narendramodi had said the first decision of the new up government under the bjp would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers.
finance minister arunjaitley (file photo) finance minister arunjaitley (file photo)finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the government does not plan to impose any tax on agricultural income, dismissing the suggestion of niti aayog member bibek debroy.
kumaraswamy also said he would call a meeting of representatives of nationalised banks in 2-3 days and seek information about farm loans extended by them.
rahul will visit kin of peasants who ended lives: siddaramaiahbengaluru, july 25, 2015, dhns: 0:58 istcongress vice president rahul gandhi will soon visit karnataka again for two days to meet some of the family members of farmers who committed suicide recently, chief minister siddaramaiah said on friday.
naidu also said that all the farm and gold loans taken by farmers will be waived by the government by january 22.
prime minister narendramodi on saturday announced the creation of a high-powered committee on structural reforms in agriculture, saying this panel would include some chief ministers and take a holistic approach on the subject.
in his closing remarks at the meet, modi also said that corporate investment in agriculture is very low in india and urged the state governments to formulate policies to promote industry participation in the farm sector.
chief minister devendra fadnavis said the decision was historic as the farmers who could not benefit from the loan waiver given by the previous government in 2008-09 have been incorporated in the waiver announced by the present government.
on friday, as he got up to welcome m venkaiah naidu as rajya sabha chairman, pm modi said that it is a reflection of the strength of our constitution and the maturity of our democracy that all top constitutional positions today are occupied by the poor and sons of farmers or commoners.
chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals may have announced that families of suicide victims will be given rs 3 lakh in compensation `50,000 in cash and the remaining to be deposited in the familys account.
speaking to reporters after the congress legislature party meeting on friday morning, kpcc president g ram , who is yet to be relieved as home minister, said that all cases registered against farmers during protests, whether it was cauvery riots, mahadayi waters issue or protests by sugarcane growers seeking payment of their dues, would be withdrawn.
the success in agriculture needs to be extended to eastern india and scientific and technological interventions are required to make this a reality, said modi.
modi said on ambedkar jayanti on april 14 he would launch national agriculture market e-platform for farmers enabling them to know market price of their produce through mobile phones.
these can be converted into opportunities if you (farmers) help me and states implement the various schemes properly, modi said.
addressing a rally in february, modi said farmers are his top priority and explained that  top means tomato, onion and potato.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said an integrated scheme to ensure economic sustenance for small and marginal farmers was being worked out to put an end to farmer suicides in maharashtra.
action will be taken as per law, against all those (mills) not abiding by the law, ram told reporters here in response to a question that a few mill owners - who are ministers in his cabinet - are allegedly not abiding by rules about payment of dues to sugarcane farmers.
during his africa visit, there were discussions on encouraging engagement, especially in the areas of agriculture, health, pharmaceuticals, ict, minerals and mining, diamond trading, railways and infrastructure and logistics, naidu said.
this has gone a long way in tackling the agrarian crisis.
prime minster narendramodi has said that the government was taking steps to double farmers income by 2022, and let me say that if we fail to do so then you can kick the bjp out of power, he added.
the ruling bjp does seem to have realized that climate change and droughts are a growing concern, and prime minister narendramodi announced a separate ministry for water called jal shakti.
prime minister modi has said that steps will be taken to double the incomes of farmers in five years.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, ram has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
it is for agro product value addition, modi said after laying the foundation stone of an agriculture research institute in northern assams gogamukh.
ap announces debt cut for farmershyderabad, dec 4, 2014, dhns: 1:08 istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of andhra pradesh, chief minister narachandrababunaidu announced waiver of loan not exceeding rs 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013.
speaking on use of technology in agriculture, ram said, karnataka is in the forefront.
purnendu bera of nandigrams gokulnagar village said: on the very first day after taking oath as chief minister, mamatabanerjee had announced that the land taken from unwilling farmers in singur would be returned.
guwahati: prime minister modi on friday announced a food processing scheme, sampada to integrate current and new schemes aimed at reducing food wastage and doubling farmers income.
people from far and wide will land here to study agriculture adding to the prosperity and urbanisation of the region, nitishkumar said.
cong won't allow govt to take land of farmers easily: rahulanantapur (ap), july 24, 2015, pti: 12:58 isthitting out at the nda government over the contentious land bill, congress vice president gandhi today said he would not let prime minister narendra modi take farmers' land easily.
to ensure farmers get credit at lower rate, the chief minister said that the government should raise the subsidy from 2 per cent to 3 per cent on crop loans for cooperatives.
we would also be happy to share best practices in organic farming with kenyan farmers, said modi at a joint press conference with kenyatta.
fadnavis said the immediate concern is to provide relief to farmers.
kishore tiwari, activist who heads the commission for farmers in distressed districts, said, the biggest relief to farmers during the drought is assured food and health care.
fadnavis also said increasing investment in agriculture, making farmers capable and ensuring that a majority of farmers opt for crop insurance would be the best way to tackle situations such as drought.
speaking at the opening ceremony for the ninth edition of the hugely-popular league, shukla said, the ipl and bcci are committed to the welfare of the farmers.
naidu announces schedule for massive loan waiver initiativehyderabad, dec 4, 2014, (pti) 19:39 istseeking to fulfill a key election promise, andhra pradesh chief minister n naidu today announced to waive off farm loan of up to rs 1.
by 2022 when the country would be celebrating the 75th year of its independence, the income of an indian farmer should be more than two times what he is earning now, modi said while addressing a farmers rally in bargarh town in odisha.
chief minister ram announced cloud seeding, in the backdrop of five consecutive droughts.
union home minister rajnathsingh on friday said that the nation cannot be prosperous unless the farmers of the country earn more.
earlier, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath had announced crop loan write-offs of not more than rs one lakh costing the exchequer to the tune of rs 36,000 crore.
siddaramaiah also said that the prime minister promised him to study the proposal on granting fund and take immediate steps to release rs 723 crore for disbursal among farmers who have suffered crop loss during the rabi season.
speaking on use of technology in agriculture, siddaramaiah said, karnataka is in the forefront.
terming the rail roko agitation by farmers as unfortunate, punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals said the state government was ready to accept every genuine demand of the peasantry.
drawing an analogy between the economic acumen of indira gandhi and modi, ram said the former took a revolutionary step to nationalise 14 banks in 1969 to enable farmers, daily-wagers and others to avail benefits of banking.
water and power are two things we are committed to provide to farmers to make them self-reliant.
(file photo)union agriculture minister radhamohansingh said in lok sabha thursday that he would be happy if the new bjp government in uttar pradesh waived farm loans as promised by the party before the assembly elections.
now, with the government extending its loan waiver scheme to all debt-ridden farmers who had taken loans between 2001 and 2016, around 60 to 67 lakh farmers are set to benefit.
but for realising the slogan of 'jai jawan, jai kisan', the plight of farmers should also be addressed, badal said.
on the occasion, chief minister nitishkumar had said: no farmer would be allowed to remain dissatisfied.
emphasising the significance of the cooperative sector in development, chief minister devendra fadnavis said how the demonestisation drive was a leap forward to fix corruption and deliver results and dividends to hardworking farmers across rural maharashtra.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi, who has been holding khat sabhas (cot meetings) with the farmers in the state, said on wednesday that his party will launch an agitation to force the centre to waive loans of the farmers.
mansa, punjab: launching the much-awaited controversial loan waiver scheme for farmers, punjab chief minister amarinder singh on sunday said his government would also waive loans of farm labourers.
during his poll campaign, prime minister modi had said the first decision of the new up government under the bjp would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers.
referring to two young entrepreneurs working in sikkim on an agriculture start-up, pm modi said, it is a great way of linking agriculture to the start-up india campaign.
for the farmers welfare, modi said that the centre has framed many model acts and urged the states to implement them.
when i talk of development, i want to put emphasis on six things, modi said, adding that this six-point programme will ensure irrigation facilities to farmers and power connection to villages and industries.
prime minister modi had announced the pm crop insurance scheme, the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana, in 2015.
agriculture patna: deputy chief minister modi said the centre should extend its full economic co-operation to the state to achieve the goal of a second green revolution.
launching pradhan mantri kisan maan dhan yojana, prime minister modi said that every farmer will get rs 3,000 per month after attaining the age of 60 and the scheme will ensure benefit to over 5 crore small and marginal farmers across the country.
congratulating finance minister arun jaitley and his team, modi said farmers, dalits and tribal communities will gain from the budget.
after assuming power, chief minister yogiadityanath had announced loan waivers of up to rs 1 lakh relating to small and marginal farmers.
(source: ap)prime minister modi has asked 11 drought-hit states including maharashtra to take measures on a weekly basis for drought-proofing of villages till the monsoon arrives in the first week of june.
indian prime minister modi announced a 0 million line of credit to kenya for agricultural mechanisation.
we have set up an agriculture price commission with rs.1,000 crore revolving support price fund for market intervention to ensure farmers do not suffer losses in the event of prices for their crops fall below production cost, ram said.
new delhi, june 11: prime minister narendramodi today said improving agriculture productivity through modern farm techniques and university-farmer collaboration held the key to check price rise.
after finance minister sudhir muntangiwar presented the budget, chief minister devendrafadnavis told mediapersons, the budget reiterates governments commitment to accord highest priority to welfare schemes for upliftment of farmers, poverty alleviation and generating employment for youths.
chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)asserting that he was not against a loan waiver for farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said it wasnt a lasting solution for their problems and that the state government had made investments worth rs 30,500 crore to make farmers self-reliant in the state.
b'prime minister manmohansingh today said the government will focus on modernising the agricultural marketing system and brining in private players to this sector in the 12th five year plan beginning 2012.
budget is close to dreams of people: pmnew delhi, feb 29, 2016 (pti) 19:05 istterming the budget as one close to dreams of the people, prime minister narendramodi today said its biggest focus is on villages, poor people, farmers, women and youth to ensure a qualitative change in their lives and alleviate poverty through a slew of time-bound programmes.
taking to twitter, gandhi said he will make every effort to secure the future of the farmers.
sena chief uddhav thackeray told his legislators to continue to press for the demand, and not let the house function till such a time that the state government, of which it is a component, gives in to it and announces a loan waiver.
as whether the land in singur would be fit for cultivation again, mamatabanerjee said: according to some agricultural experts, as no farming had taken place there for a decade, it was now more fertile than before.
fadnavis said, the allocation of rs 25,000 crore for agriculture is a big leap forward.
to boost bamboo cultivation and sustainable supply, the forest development corporation of maharashtra (fdcm) is also planning to take up tissue culture bamboo plantation on turnkey or sharing basis with private partners for supplying biomass of bamboo for industrial uses like production of ethanol, bio cng etcwe are even ready to help as service providers to interested farmers and parties with minimum 25 acres of commercial plantation project, said n ram , managing director of fdcm.
but, modi said he wants farmers to reduce the use of chemical fertilisers by 30-40 per cent to save the mother earth from degradation.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis announced a rs 30,000 crore loan waiver  the biggest such write-off in the states history.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state cabinet would give one more chance to farmers who could not submit their loan waiver application.
chandigarh: punjab will disburse rs 209 crore as debt relief to 38,000 marginal farmers who are members of cooperative societies in the state in 10 days, said chief minister amarinder here on wednesday.
modi said the budget has a distinct focus on farmers, youth, poor and neo-middle class and delivers on growth, equity and job creation.
congress spokesperson sachin sawant said that modi , speaking in the temple town of shirdi on october 19, said that 16,000 villages in maharashtra have become drought-free thanks to the jalyukt shivar scheme.
defence food lab should work for farmers'mysuru, may 8, 2016, dhns: 23:57 istunion defence minister manoharparrikar on sunday said he has directed the defence food research laboratory (dfrl) authorities to utilise their technical skills for the benefit of local farmers and producers to increase their economic status.
we sell around 5,000 roses a month, says ram , a farmer.
at a meeting in nilanga village, where the cm addressed officials, ministers and local politicians, fadnavis said the government was banking heavily on jalyukt shivar yojana as it will ensure that every farmer in a village gets enough water to cultivate crop and villagers get sufficient stock of water.
chief minister devendra fadnavis on friday said an integrated scheme to ensure economic sustenance for small and marginal farmers was being worked out to put an end to farmer suicides in maharashtra.
whatever legal action would be taken against the offending company would take its own course but we feel the farmers should not lose out in the meantime, mamatabanerjee said.
we may not be in power at the centre or in the state, but we will launch an agitation to force the government to concede to our demand of waiving farmers loans, rahul said, while addressing farmers in kushinagar and gorakhpur districts.
niti aayog vice-chairman arvindpanagariya niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariyaniti aayog vice-chairman arvindpanagariya today said there is a need to formulate proper policies to ensure farmers get better prices for produce and asserted that there is no question of taxing their income.
about the steps taken by government to protect farmers like setting up of enforcement cells at district level to keep a check on private money lenders and repayment of dues to sugarcane farmers, ram said government is planning to constitute an expert committee.
farmers should have confidence as the government is with them, ram said.
modi said rs 603 crore would be made available with karnataka in 2016-17 for water conservation and drought proofing under various central government schemes.
bjp in its lok kalyan sankalp patra (manifesto) had promised to waive loans of small and marginal farmers, and prime minister narendramodi had said in his election speeches that writing off the farmers loans would be among the foremost tasks of the partys government.
(source: pti photo) the animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, arunjaitley said, adding that this is the only effect of the notification.
(pti photo)calling for a relook at the proposal to link rivers in the country, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said that if water management is given importance, there would be no farmer suicides.
on sunday, state secretary modi announced that the cadres will fan out to build houses for the homeless, become part of palliative care initiatives, do organic agriculture, clean rivers and ponds, work to raise the standards of government schools and the quality of public hospitals and so on.
addressing a farmers rally at raigaon village in kadegaon taluka of sangli district, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, overall, our budgetary allocations for the agriculture sector has gone up many folds.
over and above msp, we have decided to give a bonus of rs 425 per quintal for pulses and rs 100-200 per quintal for oilseeds, agriculture minister radhamohansingh told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
these interest-free loans were extended by banks to sugar mills as additional working capital specifically for clearance of cane price arrears of previous seasons and timely settlement of cane price to farmers for that years sugar season.
likewise, badal said that the announcement on embarking kisan yatra, a special travel scheme to help farmers to learn about new farming and marketing techniques, would also go a long way in bailing out the farmers from current agrarian crisis.
laying stress on setting up more ultra-modern centers of excellence for undertaking research and design (r&d) to promote agriculture diversification in the state, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal on tuesday said that these were the 'temples of second green revolution' which were required for bailing out the farmers from the current agrarian crisis.
modi announces 50 pc increase in compensation for distressed farmersnew delhi, april 09, 2015, dhns: 2:28 istin a reprieve to farmers whose crops have been hit by recent unseasonal rain, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday announced a 50 per cent increase in compensation and also eased criterion for providing financial relief.
he said it is because he is in a coalition government, but he wouldn't go back on his promise of completely waiving all the loans, said kodihalli chandrashekhar, the chief of krrs, a farmers' body.
the injustice done to the farmers will be revealed by the investigation, manoharlalkhattar said during the ongoing budget session of the vidhan sabha.
fadnavis, who himself toured a few villages and interacted with farmers, told the indian express that the government has gone all out to initiate a slew of measures to alleviate the miseries of the villagers and farmers in eight districts of marathwada.
on tuesday, gandhi had said the opposition will not rest till the narendra modi government waives farm loans across the country.
on tuesday, rahulgandhi had said the opposition will not rest till the narendra modi government waives farm loans across the country.
besides seeking immediate decision on creating vidarbha state, we are demanding waiver of farm loans, accountability for the wrong monetary policies and charging of heavy fees for every banking operation, said ram of vras.
addressing the agitators, congress chief rahulgandhi said, farmers are not asking for a reward or free gift, but only their rightful due.
patna, march 4: chief minister nitishkumar today said a cabinet committee would be formed to ensure proper monitoring of agricultural roadmap in the state.
deputy commissioner n ram told reporters on thursday that government had released rs 52 crore for the district to provide compensation for the farmers in gokak, raibag, athani and ramdurg taluks who had suffered losses due to the hailstorms.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: deputy chief minister modi on saturday announced that a bamboo policy will be made for the state and the government will send farmers, artisans and entrepreneurs to north-eastern states for training in bamboo cultivation as well as industries.
a.c. jain , the nodal officer, it department of agriculture, said: altogether, 82 district agriculture officers, joint directors, deputy directors and junior plant protection officers would benefit under the scheme.
on the cooperative departments appeal to the government to expedite the loan waiver, amarindersingh said the commission set up by his government to ascertain the quantum of farm loans in the state and to work out the modalities for their waiver would soon come out with its recommendations in thematter.
these are being worked out to make agriculture a sustainable sector, he said.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced a slew of schemes aimed to benefit farmers.
i have said time and again i am ready to accept any suggestion that is in farmers' interest, said modi.
we have decided to purchase the required quantity directly from the farmers, state chief minister mamatabanerjee said on tuesday.
(mea twitter) during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
siddaramaiah said he has already instructed the district in-charge ministers and legislators to visit the farmers' families.
modi said numerous measures and schemes have been initiated from making school toilets to setting up iits, iims and aiims, from providing vaccination cover to children to initiating a people-driven swacch bharat mission, from ensuring a minimum pension to labourers to providing social security to the common man, from enhancing support to farmers hit by natural calamities to defending their interests at wto.
this (agriculture) is an area where india and the bank can fruitfully join hands, prime minister modi said while formally opening the 52nd african development bank's (afdb) annual event on tuesday.
the controversy comes just days after uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath announced rs 36,350-crore farm loan waiver and punjab cm capt amarinder singh set up an expert group to assess the agriculture debt and suggest ways for its waiver to help farmers.
praising madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, prime minister modi said, cm @chouhanshivraj, who has revolutionised agriculture sector in mp, will share a presentation on the roadmap to double income of farmers.
chief minister ram , while replying to a debate on the issue in the assembly, said the arecanut farmers need not panic following the ban.
ahead of the assembly elections due next month, chief minister manoharlalkhattar on monday announced waiving interest and penalty on crop loans of farmers from cooperative banks  to the tune of rs 4,750 crore  under the one-time settlement scheme.
describing the channel as an open university, modi said: kisan tv channel is a channel where both the teacher and the student are farmers.
1: chief minister mamatabanerjee today said farmers in singur would get back their land within 12 weeks as ordered by the supreme court and added that the plots that would be handed back would be cultivable.
chief minister siddaramaiah said, we are committed to protect the interest of farmers and people of karnataka.
farmers should have confidence as the government is with them, siddaramaiah said.
prime minister modi has asked the top officials to move fast to approach the aiib for loans for some of the flagship projects of his government, particularly in agriculture, rural housing and railway sectors.
those opposing the bill want three conditions incorporated in it no forcible acquisition of land from farmers, mandatory social impact assessment and clarity on industrial corridor.
salem: as part of the measures being taken to improve agriculture, a special scheme for development of rainfed agriculture has been conceived, said chief minister edappadik.palaniswami at a mega government scheme distribution function in salem on tuesday.
after inspecting the rain-hit areas, animal husbandry minister radhakrishnan said the department officials were instructed to provide enough fodder to the cattle and also conduct a survey on the death toll to assist the cattle farmers.
i have launched an initiative to double farmers' incomes by 2022, said pm modi.
chandigarh: haryana cm manoharlalkhattar on friday announced that compensation of rs 12,000 per acre would be given to those farmers whose crop has been damaged due to water logging and said that it has also been decided to give compensation of rs 6000 per acre to those farmers who were unable to sow their crop due to the water logging.
elaborating on the ownership of the farmers, ram said, starting from a princely rule and followed by elected governments, the farmers have been granted both revenue and forest documents related to land holdings for tilling the same.
(source: pti photo/file)the state government will distribute land parchas  documents establishing the ownership of pieces of land in revenue records  among unwilling farmers at singur in hooghly on september 14, chief minister mamatabanerjee said on monday.
asserting that the interests of farmers will be protected, ajitpawar , who also holds finance portfolio, said, the state government will do nothing that will adversely affect farmers in maharashtra.
amarinder also announced upgradation of cooperative sugar mill at paniar in gurdaspur district for making it economically viable.
modis predecessor manmohan singh had waived farm loans worth rs 72,000 crore, ram said.
share this article related article centre, state have allocated rs 51,000 crore for irrigation projects, says devendrafadnavis , state have allocated rs 51,000 crore for irrigation projects, says devendrafadnavis states vision document 2030 lays stress on solar power for farmersstates vision document 2030 lays stress on solar power for farmers maharashtra to revive 5 rivers to ensure perennial water flow: cm fadnavismaharashtra to revive 5 rivers to ensure perennial water flow: cm fadnavis devendrafadnavis prescribes drip irrigation for sugarcane, solar-powered pumpsdevendra fadnavis prescribes drip irrigation for sugarcane, solar-powered pumps maharashtra govt plans to make agriculture sector run on solar energymaharashtra govt plans to make agriculture sector run on solar energy maharashtra will require rs 1 lakh crore for irrigation projects : cm fadnavishe added, the agrarian crisis in a state reeling under drought can be effectively tackled only through making the farmers self reliant with water and power.
whether it is the ration of the poor of the country, and of poor farmers, or deals relating to defence of the country, whoever has taken commission, their numbers are coming down one after other, modi said.
it is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods, siddaramaiah said.
our endeavour is to lead the revival of coconut farming and provide support to farmers with scientific protocols for value addition and processing, babu said.
karnataka to clear rs 923 crore arrears to sugar cane farmersbelagavi, june 30, 2015, dhns: 2:13 istchief minister ram on tuesday announced that the state government would further absorb the dues to be paid by sugar factories to farmers for 2013-14 by releasing rs 923 crore in two installments.
sharing india's experiences in meeting common challenges such as uplifting farmers and the poor, financial access and building infrastructure, modi said paying subsidies directly had helped his government save over $4 billion dollars in cooking gas.
(file photo)making yet another pro-farmer announcement in election year, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on sunday said a board on the lines of apeda (agricultural and processed food products export development authority) will be set up in madhya pradesh to help farmers export and get remunerative price for their produce.
fee waiver for farmers' kids in drought-hit areasdharwad, sep 22, 2013, dhns: 13:44 istchief minister ram on sunday announced that the state government would bear the educational fees of children of farmers of drought-affected areas in the state.
speaking on the occasion, ashok chavan said the congress will fight for the farmers and push ahead with its demand to waive their crop loan.
soil samples collected from different lands and test reports would be made available to farmers that would guide them for taking remedial measures to change crop pattern, fertilsiers and other measures, modi said and called young innovators to invent systems that would help the farmers test soil on their land.
in modis home state of gujarat  a state with one of the highest rain deficits in the largely normal monsoon of 2016, as indiaspend reported in october 2016  a fourth of farmers have benefitted from the flagship crop-insurance scheme, not 60-70  as modi claimed.
when he had taken over the reins, the dues of sugarcane farmers ran up to rs 14000 crore, which had come down to about rs 700-800 crore now due to measures taken by his government, modi said and warned the sugar mill owners against treating the farmers the way they did in the past.
chief minister yogiadityanath on saturday announced an ex gratia of rs 4 lakh to families of the deceased and directed district magistrates to assess crop damage and identify farmers eligible for financial aid.
apmc secretary ram said that online trading will ensure that farmers are not cheated.
smriti irani: watchful calcutta, april 14: union textiles minister smritiirani has asked the jute corporation of india and the national jute board to help increase the supply of certified jute seeds at a cheaper price to farmers in consultation with the national seeds corporation.
chairing a district-level drought review meeting here on tuesday, ram asked the officials to work on a war footing to ensure proper drinking water supply, availability of fodder, increased number of man days under mgnreg scheme and proper healthcare in affected areas.
i have also launched an initiative to double farmers incomes by 2022, modi said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the schemes are oriented to make farmers self-reliant and double their income.
questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers, amarinder asked, if a bankrupt state like punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver, why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme?
mumbai: the state has decided to stay recovery of power bills run up by farmers given their current hardships, chief minister devendra fadnavis told the assembly on thursday.
pointing out that karnataka was witnessing one of its worst droughts in the last 46 years, siddaramaiah said the state government had sought rs 4,702 crore from the centre for drought relief works.
modi announces 50 pc increase in compensation for distressed farmersnew delhi, april 09, 2015, dhns: 2:28 istin a reprieve to farmers whose crops have been hit by recent unseasonal rain, prime minister modi on wednesday announced a 50 per cent increase in compensation and also eased criterion for providing financial relief.
(pti photo)calling for a relook at the proposal to link rivers in the country, prime minister modi on saturday said that if water management is given importance, there would be no farmer suicides.
chief minister parkashsinghbadal on sunday told leaders of the 17 farmers unions that the state will cancel the notification for acquisition of 171 acres of gobindpura village for the upcoming power plant of indiabulls,and they can start tilling their land.
responding to a starred question by congress mlc h m revanna in the legislative council, ram said that around 2,000 farmers had applied for subsidies for installing shade nets and polyhouses in their field.
the deputy cm said the issue of farm loans had been tackled holistically by coming out with the settlement of indebtedness bill besides ensuring that farmers were not charged excessive interest.
the state government needs to design farmer-friendly policies, he said.
justifying free power to farmers,deputy chief minister sukhbirsinghbadal said that most of the states do it to provide support to farmers.
continuing his drive to directly connect with the beneficiaries of his governments pet schemes, prime minister narendramodi today said he will on june 20 speak to farmers on issues concerning them and the agriculture sector.
b'five days after a congress delegation led by aicc general secretary rahul gandhi met the prime minister demanding loan waiver for weavers,union finance minister pranabmukherjee announced a rs 3,000 crore allocation for the weavers cooperative societies on monday.
modi said after the poll results on march 11 bjp would celebrate vijayi holi and then after forming the government in the first cabinet meet it would waive off the loans of the farmers.
uttar pradesh, telangana and andhra pradesh have announced loan waivers on their own and maharashtra will have to follow the same, naidu told reporters.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan of the bjp also announced several measures, including bonus above the minimum support price to ensure farmers get fair prices for their produce.
flanked by punjab pradesh congress committee president and mp sunil jakhar and local bodies minister navjot singh sidhu, amarindersingh said the process of farm loan waiver would begin after the elections and distribution of smart phones would also begin soon.
no incentive for sugarcane farmers, says cmmandya: oct 18, 2014, dhns: 23:22 istchief minister siddaramaiah said, no incentive will be paid to sugarcane farmers like last year as a committee has been formed to fix price for the produce.
responding to a question from s r vishwanath (bjp), siddaramaiah said farmers, from whom 1,810 acres had been acquired for the project, would be given an option of either financial compensation or sites.
modi said the scheme has been brought into effect after rectifying shortcomings in the earlier version and appealed to farmers to avail of its benefits.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh on saturday said he is committed to farm loan waiver and his government would soon find ways and means to bail out the debt-ridden farmers-- with or without the centres aid.
the move was aimed at saving groundwater while ensuring that farmers also get an incentive in the form of cash for their personal use, he said.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath announced waiver of rs 36,000 crore farmers loan as the state has other sources of income and generous support by the union government.
the government should give rs 5 lakh cash to the family of a farmer who commits suicide, a job offer, besides waving the debts, said jagmohan singh, state secretary of the bharatiya kisan union, punjab.
addressing the states during niti aayog governing council meeting on april 23, modi had said, in a country where agricultural income is exceedingly important, budgets should be prepared immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year.
urging the farmers to partner with the state in generation of power, modi said, farmers can install solar panels on their farm borders.
modi said that his governments journey toward developing india is built on investments in infrastructure, agriculture, manufacturing and services.
the developments came a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver before october 31, which will benefit 1.
pointing out that online trading of agriculture produce has been introduced in around 30 apmcs in the state to minimise the role of middlemen and make farming profitable, siddaramaiah claimed that it was a first-of-its-kind experiment in the nation and was being replicated in other states.
by express news servicebhubaneswar: urging people to vote for bjp and oust the bjd government to ensure speedy development of the state, union home minister rajnathsingh on friday announced that all farmers will be provided interest free loan of rs 1 lakh for five years if the saffron party comes to power in odisha.
fadnavis announced three-pronged strategy to provide compensation to the farmers families through insurance and even approached the centre for national disaster response fund (ndrf).
however, keeping the drought in view, ram has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to aadhaar till april 30.
pm modi invokes chaudhary charan singh to woo farmers in jatland bijnorin a bid to woo the farming community, prime minister modi said bjp will waive off loans of all small farmers once voted to power.
sources said it will not be practically possible to write off the entire loan amount, but siddaramaiah may announce a partial loan waiver, thus offering some relief to small and marginal farmers, reeling under severe drought.
union home minister rajnathsingh on friday said the nda government was working hard to improve the condition of farmers, claiming it was the first government ever to have resolved to double farm incomes by 2022.
on the first day in office as the chief minister, siddaramaiah announced housing loan waiver for dalits and backward classes and introduced shaadi bhagya for minorities.
(file)chief minister manoharlalkhattar today said land in the state will not be acquired without the consent of farmers and rates prescribed for acquisition will be paid to them without any delay.
prime minister narendramodi said, the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run india but to create a new india, adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last five-years during which the youth, women, farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes.
pm modi said he believes the only way to provide relief to distressed farmers is through a successful and effective crop insurance scheme.
modi said that several measures have been taken for the farmers and poor and counted that the poor are getting better treatment under the aayushman bharat scheme and getting medicines at cheap rates.
on pusa 16, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said, this new variety will be released for commercial cultivation in january and will be available for sowing in the kharif 2017 season.
it opens new avenues for cooperation, including in areas like agriculture and healthcare, modi said in a joint press interaction with sirisena.
speaking to reporters after holding a video-conference to review the drought relief work with deputy commissioners and chief executive officers of zilla panchayats of 12 districts of north karnataka, siddaramaiah said the initial response from maharashtra had been positive.
last week, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced in the assembly that farmers need not worry; we will buy doda chura from them and burn it.
in february 2016, prime minister modi had said farmers' income would be doubled by 2022 to mark 75 years of india's independence.
dh news service, bengaluru, jun 10 2017, 1:10 istchief minister ram announced that he would meet the president to seek his assent for karnatakas land reforms bill which provides for giving agriculture labourers rights over houses built on land not belonging to them.
addressing a kisan chetna dharna organised by the partys kisan cell here, he also sought to allay apprehensions about the feasibility of the debt waiver in view of punjabs financial situation.
notably, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said in december last year that the bjp-led state government succeeded in curbing the farmers suicides by nearly 40 per cent in the worst-affected yavatmal district of vidarbha with the help of baliraja chetna abhiyan.
noting that agriculture development is the top priority for mozambique, modi said india would be partnering this endeavour through development of agricultural infrastructure and productivity in this country.
karnataka to clear rs 923 crore arrears to sugar cane farmersbelagavi, june 30, 2015, dhns: 2:13 istchief minister siddaramaiah on tuesday announced that the state government would further absorb the dues to be paid by sugar factories to farmers for 2013-14 by releasing rs 923 crore in two installments.
meanwhile, fadnavis also said that the state would pay the power bills due from gram panchayats.
the congress will waive the loans of each farmer in chhattisgarh within 10 days, gandhi said.
komul aims to double productionshidlaghatta, apr 3, 2012, dhns: 2:04 istkolar-chikkaballapur milk union has ensured that dividends reach the farmers directly through its transparent administration, said dr m n ram , the managing director of the karnataka milk federation on tuesday.
government ready to include ragi, jowar under pdsbangalore, july 10, 2013, dhns: 1:52 istthe state government is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers are willing to grow more of these crops and sell them to it, chief minister ram said on wednesday.
inaugurating a three-day international conference on organic bihar, nitishkumar said: to achieve sustainable agriculture growth, organic farming has to be expanded.
haryana chief minister manoharlalkhattar said that farmers covered under the scheme would get enhanced insurance compensation ranging between rs 10,000 and rs 25,000 per acre as against the prescribed rates fixed between rs 7500 and rs 12,000 per acre for damage to the crop.
siddaramaiah further said compensation would be distributed to the kin of the deceased farmers.
badal also asked the additional chief secretaries development and revenue to seek legal opinion from legal remembrancer (lr) for making suitable amendments in the land tenure act 1953 for facilitating the farmers to get better prices of their produce.
chief minister yogiadityanath on thursday said the state government had decided to waive off electricity surcharge for farmers in west uttar pradesh.
chief minister capt amarindersingh on monday said the state government will allow the farmers in punjab to sow paddy a week before the scheduled date of june 20, as part of a string of sops he announced to woo the farming community.
emphasising that broad-based and wide-ranging cooperation in agriculture and food security was a shared priority, modi said the two sides were collaborating to raise agricultural productivity in kenya.
also read | punish congress for treachery against farmers, honest taxpayers, says pmsix crore women belonging to all sections and categories were provided with lpg connections under the centre's ujjwala scheme in the last 32 months, modi said, adding, all the welfare schemes are being implemented in a balanced way to benefit all.
terming the rail roko agitation by farmers as unfortunate, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal said the state government was ready to accept every genuine demand of the peasantry.
piloting the legislation, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said the bill only shows the commitment of the modi government towards northeastern states.
even as the increased provisions for infrastructure, railways, roads, ports and agriculture to double the farmers income in the last five years is praiseworthy, ram said yet the expectations of corporate sector, industry and trading bodies were not fully met.
state failed to utilise grants from centre, say bjp leaderstarikere, oct 05, 2015, dhns 23:48 iststate bjp president pralhad ram said the yediyurappa government had sanctioned upto rs 2 lakh interest-free loans for farmers and the ram government has just raised the limit to rs 3 lakh and there is no question of interest here.
at a meeting held with national agriculture cooperative marketing federation of india (nafed), chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the state government was committed to provide both financial and logistic support to farmers cultivating cereals such as tur and harbara.
b'gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (file photo) gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (file photo)gujarat chief minister vijayrupani on friday said that the state government was helping mitigate losses by purchasing their commodities at minimum support price (msp) but added that he wants farmers to upscale their production further and earn dollars by exporting their produce.
the focus will be in making available affordable credit, ensuring assured supply of seeds and fertilisers, improving irrigation facilities, comprehensive risk coverage, improving productivity through soil health cards, assured market and remunerative prices for the produce through e-nam (national agriculture market), pranabmukherjee said.
at a meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the government is all set to put the entire agriculture sector on separate solar feeder to provide quality and consistent power supply to farmers in the state.
referring to gandhis loan waiver promise, a lady, avisha rokde, asked why not give good price so that question of loan waiver doesnt arise at all, gandhi said, if farmers are in distress, waiver is the immediate step that needs to be taken.
commerce secretary rita a. teaotia on monday said the union commerce ministry would support goa governments policy to develop the state as a agriculture hub.
in his address to the joint session of parliament, pranabmukherjee said the government attaches paramount importance to safeguard the interest of farmers and families affected by land acquisition.
we would also be happy to share best practices in organic farming with kenyan farmers, prime minister modi said in a statement following the talks.
it is a tragedy that the same farmers who at one time provided food to the nation are now dying of starvation as they cannot make both ends meet, amarinder said, promising that their debts will be taken over by government.
about the recently-launched crop insurance scheme, modi said it will come into force in all states from april 1, this year.
tamil culture minister k pandiarajan , representing the aiadmk, justified the rs 71,000 crore spent annually for such schemes, saying initiatives like free cycles for girls had even won praise from the world bank, while manuraj ram (dmk) said provision of subsidized rice copped flak but after implementation actually liberated agriculture.
bhopal: farmers' protest continued unabated in many parts of western madhya pradesh today even as chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of agitating farmers.
similarly, rs 35,984 crore have been allocated to agriculture, while rs 9 lakh crore earmarked for crop loans this year, naidu said.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan (file photo) madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan (file photo)madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan has said that the state government would provide rs 25,000 as financial assistance to the farmers, who lost 50 per cent of their crops during the recent hailstorm, for marriage of their daughters.
using his personal app to connect with the partys kisan morcha leaders in karnataka , modi asked his party workers to propagate several farmerfriendly schemes introduced by his government over the past four years.
however, keeping the drought in view, siddaramaiah has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to aadhaar till april 30.
addressing media persons here on thursday to share his first impressions about the union budget, mr. rajender said that the centre had announced rs. 2,000 crore would be allocated for minimum support price (msp) operations for all crops but this amount should be increased if it is to truly benefit the farmers.
the government should give `5 lakh cash to the family of a farmer who commits suicide, a job offer, besides waving the debts, said jagmohan singh, state secretary of the bharatiya kisan union, punjab.
a bjp government in bihar will help us work seamlessly to create jobs for the youth, look after our farmers and ensure overall development, which is the antidote to every single problem, modi said, to rapturous applause.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said, farm ponds will be significant for farmers, as creation of permanent assets for holding water would help them reap their fields next seasons even if there is poor rainfall.
at the jammu rally, modi claimed that the pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi, under which farmers with two hectares of cultivable land or less would get rs 6,000 a year, as announced in the budget, had no precedent.
partha paula day after the supreme court verdict on singur, chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday said farmers would get back their land within the stipulated time-frame set by the apex court and the land would also be made cultivable before being returned.
in this year budget we have introduced a new scheme pm kishan sanman nidhi, under which an amount of rs 6000 will be deposited to the account of the farmers per year who have only five acres of cultivable land in order to support them, modi said and assured all possible support to the state.
fadnavis said the foremost task was to enhance the irrigation potential from 18 per cent to 27 per cent in phases.
gst is a once in a lifetime opportunity for the government to remove anomalies in tobacco taxation in india and bring a fair relief to the tobacco farmers without compromising on its tobacco control goals, faifa general secretary babu said in a statement.
last time,chief minister mamatabanerjee said she will not acquire land and that we could if the farmers were willing to sell.
pm modi said the budget for a 'new india' has a roadmap to transform the agriculture sector of the country.
farmers' suicide; cm siddaramaiah to lead all party delegation to pmhubballi(karna), aug 5, 2015, (pti) 16:53 istkarnataka chief minister siddaramaiah today said he will lead an all party delegation to the prime minister to seek more relief funds in the wake of farmer suicides, unseasonal rains and drought like situation in certain parts of the state.
lets resolve that by 2022 we will no longer have to import pulses i have been telling our universities our agricultural universities should take up each variety of pulses how to do research in it, how to do genetic engineering in it, how to increase productivity, how to increase protein content so that farmers get good prices, modi said.
chief secretary tom ram said the government decided to extend the moratorium considering the pathetic state of farmers.
contrary to what the badals are trying to project with their misleading propaganda, the fact is that capt amarindersingh has categorically said the debts of farmers in punjab will be waived off once he comes to power, the ppcc leaders said.
additional district magistrate ajaykumar said, we have already written to the insurance company to disburse the actual crop insurance money to the farmers.
earlier, after reviewing the drought situation, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said, the government has set up 12,064 cattle camps and deployed 4,774 water tankers in 12,116 villages.
reiterating state congress commitment to waive off farmers debts if it comes to power in punjab, amarinder assured the farmers that their plight would end after the assembly elections.
modi said girls were today doing well in sports, in education and health sectors, and contributed significantly even in agriculture.
reap crop insurance benefit: pm modibelagavi: feb 28, 2016, dhns: 1:43 istthe centre will not hesitate to spend for the welfare of farmers, said prime minister narendramodi , as he set out to explain details of the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana at a farmers convention in belagavi on saturday.
48pm: the government will set up gramin haats so that farmers dont have to go faraway to sell their produces, says modi.
in all, rs 75,000 will be transferred to farmers accounts, no broker or middlemen involved, modi said.
watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, arunjaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
congress vice-president gandhi said on wednesday the uttar pradesh governments decision to waive off crop loans of up to rs 1 lakh of small and marginal farmers in the state is a partial relief but a step in the right direction.
therefore, we have come up with this new idea so that the villagers can save their agricultural produce and also take shelter during the floods, tinsukia deputy commissioner s.s. meenakshi ram told the telegraph today.
earlier, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath had announced crop loan write-offs of not more than rs 1 lakh, costing the exchequer almost rs 36,000 crore.
jaipur: rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje on thursday said it was first time in the history of the state that a government has waived farm loans of up to rs 50,000.
coming under pressure from opposition and ally shiv sena, chief minister fadnavis said his government is in favour of loan waiver and was studying the up model.
chief minister siddaramaiah , who launched the integrated marketing project, said that it was a revolutionary programme which will help make agriculture a profitable business.
by ptinagpur: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has announced that paddy farmers in the state will get a bonus of rs 500 per quintal for the crop.
jind: chief minister manoharlalkhattar today said land in the state will not be acquired without the consent of farmers and rates prescribed for acquisition will be paid to them without any delay.
vijayawada: chief minister n chandrababu ram said on sunday that drone technology will be used in tourism, agriculture, mines, forests, irrigation projects, maintenance of law and order and municipal administration for real-time governance.
addressing a press conference in bengaluru, siddaramaiah said prime minister narendra modi had recently spoken about doubling the income of farmers by 2022, but no measure to make it a reality was reflected in the budget.
at the meeting of the bjp parliamentary party here, modi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by congress-ruled states and their chief ministers.
in case of rail transportation, the subsidy would be 50 paise per kg of potatoes and re one for a kg if it was shipped abroad, mamatabanerjee said adding these measures would help farmers to avoid distress sale.
responding to the opposition parties, commerce and industry minister nirmalasitharaman said the government was seized of the problems being faced by drought-hit farmers in tamil nadu and that finance minister arun jaitley, agriculture minister radha mohan singh and water resources minister uma bharti have already met delegations from the state.
picture by saikat santra kharagpur, april 3: bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee today announced a waiver of agricultural land tax that is expected to cost the government rs 200 crore in revenues annually and advised the centre to follow the example to write off farm loans.
latur district in marathwada, which is amongst the worst-hit this drought, has ensured that the government sends across at least 70 lakh litres of water through trains.
the chief minister also demanded that the farmers be paid the due price for their produce and in toto implementation of the swaminathan commission report.
modi said president karimov was also supportive of strengthening ongoing cooperation in the areas of agriculture, information technology and energy.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavischief minister devendra fadnavis on saturday stressed that fresh crop loans for the ensuing kharif season should be handed over to farmers on a mission mode to ensure that most small and marginal farmers find a place in the institutional credit mechanism.
farmers' income should double in six years: modibhubaneswar, feb 22, 2016, dhns: 0:42 istthe nda government at the centre wants to double the income of the farmers in the next six years and steps are being taken to see the target is achieved, prime minister modi said on sunday.
farmers aidguwahati: assam chief minister sarbanandasonowal on monday said the state government had envisaged to provide accident insurance coverage to one lakh fish farmers.
modi said the bridge would open new road for the high- quality ginger grown by farmers of the region and improve their economic condition.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, siddaramaiah has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
the alternative source of livelihood such as dairy, fisheries or poultry farming is being worked region wise to ensure farmers can survive even if their crops fail.
speaking at a rally after participating in a padayatra with rahul from maidur to gudagur in ranebennur taluk on saturday, chief minister siddaramaiah said the compensation to families of farmers who have committed suicide will be increased from rs 2 lakh to rs 5 lakh.
siddaramaiah said he had convened a meeting of deputy commissioners of all districts on september 23 and the progress made in drought and flood relief works would be discussed.
before ending his 28-hour-long fast, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on sunday announced a series of measures for farmers, including declaring purchase of farm produce below the minimum support a criminal act.
we spend a lot of money to import lentils and (edible) oils and we must resolve to raise production so that we become self-sufficient in the next 10 years, modi said after launching a tv channel for farmers.
modi said that the two sides will encourage industry and businesses in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare, tourism, information technology, agriculture, blue economy and energy.
ragi, jowar may come under pdsthe state is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers grow more of these crops and sell them to it, said chief minister ram on wednesday after launching the anna bhagya yojane, dhns reports from bangalore.
amid the din, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah ram said the government was ready to discuss the farmer's suicide, which is a important, serious and urgent.
b'during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
ap announces debt cut for farmershyderabad, dec 4, 2014, dhns: 1:08 istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of andhra pradesh, chief minister nara naidu announced waiver of loan not exceeding rs 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013.
by ptirajnandgaon: if the congress was voted to power in chhattisgarh, it will write off farmers' debts within 10 days, party president gandhi said friday.
at the meeting of the bjp parliamentary party yesterday, prime minister modi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by congress-ruled states and their chief ministers.
devendra fadnavis said the government would expose the rampant corruption in the cooperative sector in the larger interest of the farmers.
follow our full election coverage hereto win over the disgruntled farmers, modi announced an annual cash payment of rs 6000 in three equal installments to as many as 120 million farmers.
prime minister modi on saturday announced the creation of a high-powered committee on structural reforms in agriculture, saying this panel would include some chief ministers and take a holistic approach on the subject.
drawing an analogy between the economic acumen of indira gandhi and modi, siddaramaiah said the former took a revolutionary step to nationalise 14 banks in 1969 to enable farmers, daily-wagers and others to avail benefits of banking.
fadnavis also said that of the 36,000 cases related to transfer of forest land to tribals, 20,000 had been resolved.
this (agriculture) is an area where india and the bank can fruitfully join hands, prime minister narendramodi said while formally opening the 52nd african development bank's (afdb) annual event on tuesday.
we have given a package of roughly rs 5,000 crore to farmers, news agency pti quoted chief minister manoharlalkhattar said.
in a bid to ensure that all farmers get the minimum support price, arunjaitley said the states would be encouraged to take up decentralised procurement, undertaking online procurement of food grains through the food corporation of india and making arrangements for procurement of pulses, an area that has been in the domain of private traders so far.
reiterating his government's commitment to double the income of farmers by 2022, modi said that this requires to focus on fisheries, animal husbandry, horticulture, fruits, and vegetables.
chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys said he would cut down on expenditure on other heads to compensate the loss to the state exchequer on account of farm loan waiver.
modi also said the government was committed to double farmers' income.
shiv sena chief, uddhav thackeray, also said that the state government should follow in the footsteps of the up government and waive off the farmer loans.
the families of the farmers (who were killed in mandsaur last year) will get justice in 10 days and we will take action against those responsible for the firing, says the congress president.
we are committed to welfare of farmers.
this scheme has been made foolproof and will be implemented with complete transparency, modi said and asked state governments to come forward with list of farmers who would be its beneficiaries.
emphasising the importance of increasing farm productivity, modi said there was a need to use modern technique in agriculture because farm land was shrinking with the rising population.
bathinda deputy commissioner ghanshyamthori , who convened a meeting of senior officials of departments concerned, said whitefly-friendly weed would be destroyed under technical guidance from the agriculture department before march 11.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , even before he met a delegation of the left-affiliated all india kisan sabha (aiks) that led an estimated 40,000 farmers on a 180-km march from nashik to mumbai, told the vidhan sabha that the state government was sensitive and positive to the demands of the farmers, many of them tribals.
speaking to reporters at dharmasthala, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said that though his party did not get the mandate from the voters, he would announce plans for farmers after the swearing-in.
with farmers ending lives in the parched saurashtra region in an election year,chief minister narendramodi on tuesday announced an ambitious rs 10,000-crore irrigation project,to be called saurashtra narmada avtaran irrigation yojana (sauni),which aims to fill all 115 dams in the region with narmada water by interlinking a total of 87 rivers.
chief minister ram said 80  of farmers had availed loans from commercial banks which come under the jurisdiction of the centre.
on claims that names of many farmers have not figured in waiver lists, amarinder said names of only those had not been figured in the lists where some anomalies in names were there and the farmers should approach authorities concerned for corrections and waiver would be provided to the deserving farmers.
though the ban will help farmers get livestock at a lesser price, it cannot prevent the illegal sale of animals for meat, said radhakrishnan.
quota for farmers' children in agri varsitymysore, feb 24, 2014, dhns: 0:39 istchief minister ram on monday announced that 40 per cent of seats in agricultural universities in the state will be reserved for farmers children.
legislators taking part in a discussion on the drought situation of the state in belagavi on wednesday | rajesh sadarebelagavi: chief minister siddaramaiah has asked the district ministers to visit villages and ensure drought relief works are carried out expeditiously.
fadnavis said the bjp-shiv sena government was doing everything that is possible to help farmers, who have faced crop losses due to unseasonal rains and hailstorms, and bring them out of the prevailing situation.
while rs 58,862 crore was for crop loan, rs 27,973 crore was given for agriculture term loan.
legislators taking part in a discussion on the drought situation of the state in belagavi on wednesday | rajesh sadarebelagavi: chief minister ram has asked the district ministers to visit villages and ensure drought relief works are carried out expeditiously.
the cm also said rather than giving loan waivers, the state will focus on sustainable growth of agriculture.
state seeks rs 362 crore for flood reliefbangalore, oct 31, 2014, dhns: 13:10 istcentral teams will visit drought-hit areas on nov 7 and 8: cmchief minister ram on thursday said the state government had convinced two central teams, which visited nine flood affected districts, about the severity of the devastation and was confident that the centre would approve the relief package of rs 362 crore it had sought.
siddaramaiah said the excess grants had helped those states to take up drought-relief works.
responding to clarifications from members, ram said the government will constitute an agriculture price commission soon and come to the rescue of arecanut, coconut, coffee and cotton growers in distress.
modis predecessor manmohan singh had waived farm loans worth rs 72,000 crore, siddaramaiah said.
accusing the previous congress regimes of gujarat of creating polity of the love of chair,chief minister narendramodi today said unlike them,his government was working for farmers welfare.
farmers who have taken loans of amount rs 5 lakhs will now have to pay only 2 per cent interest instead 12-15 per cent, manoharlalkhattar said.
speaking at the csir's platinum jubilee, modi said that he looks forward to csir making an important contribution to the current governments mandate of doubling the income of the farmers income by 2022, the year the country celebrates 75 years of its independence.
also read| we will make them search for chillums at yogi's house: akhilesh yadavthe governments of the congress, the samajwadi party (sp) and the bahujan samaj party (bsp) were not concerned with development, whereas prime minister narendra modi worked for women, the poor and farmers, yogiadityanath said.
if elected to power, the congress will write off debt of each farmer in chhattisgarh in 10 days, gandhi told the gathering.
farmers' income should double in six years: modibhubaneswar, feb 22, 2016, dhns: 0:42 istthe nda government at the centre wants to double the income of the farmers in the next six years and steps are being taken to see the target is achieved, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday.
55pm:rahul gandhi says the congress has stood with the farmers from the fields to parliament.
allowing fdi in multi-brand retail will bring in much needed investments, technologies and efficiencies to unlock the true potential of the agricultural value chain, ram said.
madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister naidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
we have been with the farmers and we were asking for it, environment minister ram said.
punjab congress chief captain amarinder singh on sunday asked prime minister narendra modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his demonetisation move.
pm modi invokes chaudhary charan singh to woo farmers in jatland bijnorin a bid to woo the farming community, prime minister narendramodi said bjp will waive off loans of all small farmers once voted to power.
observing that the agriculture sector would do better than expected, babu said, the monsoon has been better and the manufacturing growth will pick up in the second half of the year.
loans taken by farmers from nationalised banks will be waived within 24 hours after the janata dal (secular) comes to power, h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys , party state president, has said.
the new capital region will be just 18km from the krishna riverfront and the farmers who part with their fertile land in this region will benefit immensely, naidu said, trying to allay their fears.
maharashtrathe government will strive to ensure that rehabilitation of flood-affected people is done in record time, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, adding that efforts will be made to make the state drought-free by diverting rain water from konkan region to north maharashtra and marathwada as well as water from wainganga river to vidarbha by constructing a tunnel.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh said the project would help in addressing the problem of the environmental pollution due to stubble burning besides providing additional income to farmers by helping turn the unmanageable agro-waste into raw material for producing bio fuel.
india and israel will strengthen the existing cooperation in agriculture, technology and security, modi said at a joint media event with netanyahu.
prime minister narendramodi had recently said the new uttar pradesh government would take a decision on a loan waiver scheme for farmers of the state.
open to changes in land bill that benefit poor: pmnew delhi: may 28, 2015, dhns 2:14 istparties should keep aside political motives: modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers, poor, village and nation will be accepted, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday asserting that along with gst bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time.
42 pm: maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said the budget this time will be farmer-centric.
briefing reporters after holding a meeting to review the drought and flood situation in the state, siddaramaiah said the food grain target for the 2014-15 was 135 lakh tonnes, but the actual production could be somewhere around 125 lakh tonnes.
speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the university of agricultural sciences, bangalore, siddaramaiah said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce.
a day after the state government agreed to meet demands of farmers, thousands of whom marched to the city from nashik, chief minister devendra fadnavis on tuesday listed decisions agreed upon in the meeting between the kisan morcha organisers and the state.
accusing the previous governments of being responsible for the sorry state of affairs in the state, yogiadityanath said work will be done to make development agriculture-based as it is main source of income.
about 33 lakh farmers have obtained farm loans worth rs 42,000cr from nationalised banks and 23 lakh farmers have drawn loans worth rs10,500cr through co-operative banks in the state, siddaramaiah said.
farmers in karnataka have hugely benefited from the scheme, says pm.
they used farmers, while we work for farmers, modi said, adding that the government of those people used loan waivers as a tool to win polls.
badal said a panel for farmers cause would be a real tribute to lok nayak jai prakash narayan.
prime minister narendramodi said he would lessen the suffering of farmers.
modi, who is addressing the summit along with us president barack obama, said heavy investments in infrastructure and agriculture will improve economy.
press trust of india, new delhi, jun 1 2017, 19:02 istthe animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, arunjaitley said, adding that 'this is the only effect of the notification.
prime minister modi who held series of meeting with chief ministers of several states on drought and crop loss issue recently, also said the government will come out with a scheme to address the perennial drought-prone areas.
speaking in the state legislative assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was open to talks with the farmers body, and that it was willing to consider all the demands put forth by farmers and tribals.
this story is from december 12, 2018picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: a year after the incident of firing in mandsaur leading to death of six farmers, the congress president gandhi in june this year announced that the farmers loan would be waived within 10 days if his party comes to power in madhya pradesh.
(source: ap)with uncertainly prevailing over the fate of ipl matches in drought-hit maharashtra, ipl chairman shukla shukla on friday said they are committed to the welfare of the farmers and will do whatever is suggested to them.
on claims that names of many farmers have not figured in waiver lists, amarindersingh said names of only those had not been figured in the lists where some anomalies in names were there and the farmers should approach authorities concerned for corrections and waiver would be provided to the deserving farmers.
in a recent letter to the prime minister, ram said his government is willing to consider waiving 50  of farm loans extended by co-operative banks if the centre accepts his request.
in the last 10 years, naveenpatnaik said, odisha has doubled farmers income and lifted eight million people above the poverty line.
we'll certainly examine it (proposal for waiving farm loans), naveenpatnaik said.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has recently announced that 128 kishan bazars have been set up across the state to ensure that farmers can sell their produce directly to markets in new delhi.
while talking after inaugurating the new service, haryana chief minister manoharlalkhattar said that the portal would help providing agriculture related information directly and online to the farmers.
a beaming mr. rajender, immediately after presenting his fifth budget to the state assembly on thursday, told a media conference that the budget was focussed on finer aspects of farming with the closure of loan waiver for farmers amounting to rs. 17,000 crore last year.
holding private money lenders responsible for most instances of farmer suicides in the region, ram said stern action will be taken against them.
today, i want to thank farmers of gujarat for accepting my vision of conserving water through sprinklers, drip irrigation and micro irrigation tools, which significantly brought up ground water levels, said modi.
mumbai: cm devendra fadnavis told toi on tuesday that two lakh additional farmers would be beneficiaries of the state governments move to take the cutoff date for the farm loan waiver back to 2001.
lauding the role played by punjabis in socio-economic development of gujarat,modi said: nearly 50,000 sikhs had lived peacefully in gujarat since centuries,thereby intermingling with other communities and playing a proactive role in the states development any officer of the gujarat government,compelling the farmers to leave the state,should understand clearly that in such a case,he will have to leave gujarat.
referring to the change in the budget dates, modi said it was in the interest of india's predominantly rural economy to prepare the budget immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year.
bhachau: prime minister modi today said the next generation should be taught to use water judiciously and advised farmers to use drip and sprinkler irrigation systems.
why they don't help farmers in distress, modi said addressing an election rally at rohaniya, on the outskirts of his parliamentary constituency varanasi.
van dhan (forest-based economy, jan dhan (financial empowerment of the poor), and jal dhan (water conservation to power irrigation of agriculture) could be ethical, economical and an ecological mean of making india a nation to reckon with by 2022 on the world stage, gadkari quoted modi having told the conclave.
a sensitive government, which works for the development of farmers, is needed in the state, prime minister modi said.
as bjp members including venkaiah naidu,najma heptulla and ravi shankar prasad disagreed and were up on their feet demanding immediate discussion on the chopper deal and defence minister a k antonys response on it,shukla said a debate on farmers problems was slated for tomorrow on naidus demand and if he agreed to change it government can discuss the chopper deal tomorrow itself.
jain said: the farmers will be provided with an online soil health card.
farmer suicides: increase in ex gratia effective from aprilbengaluru, october 15, 2015, dhns: 0:27 istcooperation minister h s ram on wednesday said hike in compensation to family members of farmers who have committed suicide and widow pension announced by chief minister ram recently, will have retrospective effect from april 2015.
at the meeting, fadnavis said he has asked agriculture universities in the state to prepare a earn while you learn stipend scheme for students to carry out field work.
we are asking the prime minister modi to spare some money from this huge amount for providing debt relief to the farmers, he said, while asserting that it is the duty of everyone including the government of india to save the farmers from committing suicide.
at the rally, which was organised as thanksgiving meet of farmers for the agricultural farm loan waiver executed by the kamal nath government, gandhi said the waiver is just the beginning, were also committed to starting food processing units and cold storages near farmers plots in every district of the state.
(source: ani_news/twitter) shivrajsinghchouhan said his government was pro-farmer and recalled efforts underway to make farming a profitable business in mp.
prime minister modi said he would lessen the suffering of farmers.
moreover, farmers could now pay electricity bills in four installments in a year, if the amount is above rs 10,000, energy minister shrikant ram said.
mr shah also attacked former prime minister manmohan singh, alleging that dr singh used to say that minorities have a right on the country's resources, however, mr modi said the first right on the country's resources should be of dalits, people from weaker sections and farmers.
prime minister narendramodi too had said in his campaign speeches that writing off farm loans would be among the foremost tasks of the bjp government in uttar pradesh.
siddaramaiah said that the government would increase the compensation from rs 1 lakh to rs 5 lakh to the families of farmers who committed suicide in the state.
by providing pos machines to traders, we will help farmers buy farm inputs without cash, fadnavis said.
reap crop insurance benefit: pm modibelagavi: feb 28, 2016, dhns: 1:43 istthe centre will not hesitate to spend for the welfare of farmers, said prime minister modi , as he set out to explain details of the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana at a farmers convention in belagavi on saturday.
speaking at a meeting to review preparations for the kharif season, fadnavis said; efforts to bring maximum farmers within the institutional credit mechanism through fresh crop loans should be taken up on a mission mode.
the congress will install a people's government in the state which will empower farmers, small and medium businesses and provide employment to the youth, gandhi said.
chief minister devendra fadnavis has warned district cooperative banks and other financial institutions of stern action if they turn down eligible loan requests of farmers ahead of the kharif season.
follow our election coverage hereassuring the farmers in particular, modi said: the nda government, soon after being voted to power for a second time, will start working on priority to double the income of farmers by 2022.
talking about development works taken during the four and a half years long regime of prime minister narendra modi led central government, smritiirani said: under the leadership of prime minister modi, whether it is the interest of the nation, farmers or common men, every sector has witnessed remarkable improvement.
after beginning his speech in yavatmal in the local banjara dialect, paying tributes to the communitys saints like sevalal and speaking for a while in marathi, modi said his government had worked tirelessly for farmers and pointed to the rs6,000 that his government would place annually directly in their bank accounts as income support and the sum of rs3,000 offered to workers in the unorganised sector as pension.
pointing out that online trading of agriculture produce has been introduced in around 30 apmcs in the state to minimise the role of middlemen and make farming profitable, ram claimed that it was a first-of-its-kind experiment in the nation and was being replicated in other states.
responding to clarifications from members, siddaramaiah said the government will constitute an agriculture price commission soon and come to the rescue of arecanut, coconut, coffee and cotton growers in distress.
they expressed solidarity with protesting farmers of the state and also unfolded a roadmap for farmers debt waiver plan if congress comes to power.
i will humbly ask the cm ashok gehlot to provide the required information in the interest of farmers, said modi.
finance minister arunjaitley may announce several measures to revamp farm infrastructure and support farmers as the national democratic alliance government seeks to win over this politically important section of society before crucial state elections next month, a top official familiar with the matter said.
modi said that under the bjp government's direct benefit transfer scheme, pm-kisan, rs 75,000 crore would be allocated annually.
in case the farmers suffer any loss, it would be compensated by this pradhikaran, manoharlalkhattar said.
hailing the farmers for record production, particularly production of pulses, modi said he wants to thank the farmers for keeping the poor in mind and adopting cultivation of various pulses, besides the traditional crops because pulses are the biggest source of protein for poor people.
union urban development minister naidu in gandhinagar on monday announced that the centre will decide on relaxing guidelines to pay compensation to farmers who sustained 25 per cent to 50 percent damage to their crops.
(pti file photo)congress vice-president gandhi on saturday said his mahayatra from deoria in eastern uttar pradesh to delhi from september 6 is a campaign to help secure rights of the poor, farmers and labourers in government resources.
chandigarh: the haryana government is in talks with various companies for the domestic production of bio-fuel from stubble and also has plans to provide agriculture implements to farmers on subsidised rates to keep a check on the practice of burning paddy stubble in the state, chief minister manoharlalkhattar said.
we will fix the msp of crops incorporating 50  profit in farmers cost of production including seed, irrigation, manure, and labour, modi had said at a rally in pathankot on april 25, 2014.
stressing on the importance of a second green revolution in the eastern states of odisha, jharkhand, bihar, west bengal and north-eastern states, modi said that by 2022, when india celebrates the 75th year of its independence, the income of farmers will have doubled.
unabated crisis over the decades* farmers suicides from 1995 to 2011: 53,818* farmers suicides from 2009 to 2014: 3,000 annually on an average (according to the national crime records bureau)* according to the state statistics, the figure from 2001 to 2014 is much less, at 17,645 deaths, or an average of 1,260 farmers annually# why the change in approach* while so far, successive governments in the state have focussed on large-scale schemes for entire regions and announcing of compensation packages after natural disasters, the new policy is trying to zero in on specific families* the decision for the change was taken after 11 bureaucrats went to visit villages in yavatmal in vidarbha and osmanabad in marathwada, two of the worst-affected rural regions in the state* the officials met families of farmers who had committed suicides, and also spoke to local administration officials to gauge the reasons behind the deaths* the state is looking at including farm labourers and marginal farmers in its net* these groups normally fall off the compensation net as they dont own land or may not have papers to show their debts* chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier asked the state administration to prepare a policy to tackle farmers suicides, which led to this exercise.
making a suo moto statement today in lok sabha on the trade pact clinched at the wto meeting at geneva last night, commerce minister nirmalasitharaman said besides accepting its concerns on public stockholding, the deal by the 160-member body allows india to continue with its policy to provide minimum support price to farmers.
bengaluru: anti-land grabbing action committee convener a t ram said action will be taken against land grabbers who have converted black money by buying agricultural land.
continuing the attack on congress at another rally, raje said, rahulgandhi says that we have not waived off loans of any farmer, but in reality we have done so for 30 lakh farmers for upto rs 50k.
modi said his governments focus was on agriculture and doubling farm income by 2022.
crediting the small and medium farmers of gujarat with revolutionising agriculture in the last one decade,modi said 95 per cent of our farmers are small or medium sized farmers.
promising to clear the dues of sugarcane farmers within 14 days, yogiadityanath announced five-six new sugar mills will be opened in the state over the next six months.
punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal (file photo)punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal on monday announced a grant of rs 10 crore as compensation to farmers whose cotton crops were extensively damaged due to the whitefly menace.
central teams will be visiting the drought hit areas on november 7 and 8, ram said.
siddaramaiah said primary agricultural credit co-operative societies in the state will be computerised in a phased manner during the next three years.
the separate state is not for the rich, it was for the poor farmers and the students who were subjugated by andhra rulers, tjac chief prof ram said.
speaking at a farmers rally in belagavi region of karnataka, modi said, we must strive to facilitate the linkage of rivers.
(file photo)to save farmers from distress selling of crops in open market, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal on monday approved setting up of a price stabilisation fund in the state.
echoing ravindranaths views, h c ram , president of advocates association of bengaluru, said, we have to give justice to the litigants and many of the litigants are farmers.
siddaramaiah, during the meeting today, also announced that all cases against farmers during kalasa-banduri protest will be withdrawn.
the changes in land act is aimed at ensuring faster processing without compromising on compensation or reclamation and rehabilitation (r&r) measures to farmers, prime minister modi said.
speaking about the farm crisis,naidu said the bjp will protect farmers and ensure that they can sell their agriculture produce anywhere in india.
crop insurancepatna: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh on friday said the centre has extended to august 31 the last date to enrol in the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana for bihar, aimed at enabling farmers to avail insurance cover against crop loss because of natural calamities.
we have set up an agriculture price commission with rs.1,000 crore revolving support price fund for market intervention to ensure farmers do not suffer losses in the event of prices for their crops fall below production cost, siddaramaiah said.
the project cost worked out to rs 18 lakh, involving 150 mushroom farmers, sanjeevkumar said.
recently, pm modi announced the decision to provide the msp (minimum support price) which shall be one and a half times the input cost for any agricultural produce for both rabi and kharif crops.
noting that they reviewed the full range of bilateral relationship, modi said the two sides will encourage industry and business in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare, tourism, information technology, agriculture, blue economy and energy.
(source: pti photo/file) as whether the land in singur would be fit for cultivation again, mamatabanerjee said: according to some agricultural experts, as no farming had taken place there for a decade, it was now more fertile than before.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: all bihar districts would get dedicated feeders for agriculture in the next two years, deputy chief minister modi said on wednesday.
though the ordinance is lapsing, 13 of its points, meant to provide direct financial benefit to farmers, are being brought under the rules effective from sunday so farmers do not face financial loss, said modi.
terming providing water for irrigation as a major thrust area of the bjp government, modi said pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana is a major step in this direction, which has helped farmers considerably.
seeking deeper economic engagement, modi said indias capacities in trade, investments, information and communication technology, space, agriculture, health care, small and medium scale industry can bring wide spread economic benefit to the sco countries.
addressing a gathering after distributing farm-debt waiver certificates at his ancestral village, mehraj, amarindersingh said influential politicians and officials would also be taken to task if they were found involved in cases of sacrilege and police firing the arrest of the former ssp turned into a talking point at the event.
modi claimed that the waivers announced by the congress governments in the states would benefit a maximum of 20 to 30 per cent farmers, while his scheme would reach 90 to 95 per cent farmers.
in his keynote address, c ram , president, indian society of agricultural economics and former vice-chancellor of agricultural university, coimbatore said the government could establish an agricultural marketing council, comprising both public and private stakeholders to monitor, investigate, analyse and advise market interventions.
the project, which is being undertaken to quench the thirst of drought-prone areas of kolar, chikkaballapur and bengaluru rural districts, has been prepared after obtaining opinion from technical experts on the pros and cons of the project, said siddaramaiah.
after a survey of crop loss and amid mounting criticism from the congress and resentment shown by the farmers, chief minister park announced a rs 600 crore relief for cotton growers.
while chief minister naveen patnaik thanked farmers for agreeing to leave their land for the refinery project, modi said: the paradip project has shown that farmers here are ready to give their land so that lakhs of youths get jobs, he added.
it was in january this year, while speaking at the state credit seminar 2018-19 organised by the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), manoharparrikar said the state government would go cashless by september 30.
siddaramaiah said all dcs and sps had been directed to take action against moneylenders if they harass farmers for loan recovery.
while appreciating the fellow countrymen on the ways in which demonetisation has shaped, pm modi in his speech said the following:the government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop, central bank.
comparing suicide of farmers in karnataka with up, yogiadityanath said up has a population of 23 crore, which is three times higher than that of karnataka, but there are no cases of farmer suicides in the northern state.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the extension will help farmers to avail loan waiver till may 20.
chief minister ram said that he has directed the cops to release farmers.
prime minister modi too had said in his campaign speeches that writing off farm loans would be among the foremost tasks of the bjp government in uttar pradesh.
however, the badals, with their selective memory, had conveniently forgotten about this fact while accusing me of cheating the farmers on the debt waiver issue, amarindersingh said, adding that the akali leaders should check out the facts before making such unsubstantiated statements.
naidu asked the congress to behave in a more mature and responsible manner to help restore normalcy in the hotbed of the farmers protest, instead of fanning sentiments.
sanjeev kumar vermasushil kumar modipatna: deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi on monday said weeding out middlemen from government schemes, ending dependence on kerosene lamps and enhancing farmers' income would be the three main achievements of the government in 2018.
if bjp forms government in up, modi said, i promise you we will form a special task force to ensure that lands looted from farmers and middle-class people would be restored.
puducherry lt governor kiranbedi on sunday said economic development of a country largely depends on the progress of its agriculture, industry, trade and service sector.
reacting to congress claim that note ban brought hardship to the farmers, arunjaitley said the opposition should stop bringing in farmers on every issue.
he used to wear rose and had the knowledge of gardens but did not know about farmers or farming, due to which the community faced hardship, modi said, without naming nehru.
if there is a ray of hope in the world economy today, it is india, modi said at the rally attended by thousands of farmers.
amid the ongoing agitation of farmers in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently announced the biggest-ever farm loan waiver in the state.
panaji: governor mridulasinha on tuesday said that her governments highest priority was alleviating farmers woes and raising their standard of living.
in her message to the family of jakhar, gandhi said, the congress party as indeed the entire nation will forever remember the contributions made by him during the course of his long public life, particularly to the cause of farming community.
a field survey would be conducted within four weeks, following which the physical possession of the land would be handed over to the farmers, mamatabanerjee said.
raje had said, in the history of rajasthan, this is the first government that has waived off crop loans up to rs 50,000; the last two governments at the centre had waived off farm loans up to rs 10,000 only.
blaming the then upa-ii government for its flawed policies at an election rally in sujanpur tira, modi had said, the farmers work hard, cultivate apples.
we have taken opinion of scientific community and considered interest of farming community in allowing their use, he said.
why can we not have a blue economy, and why should our farmers not export their produce, said modi.
the cm said that the state government had also decided to give a financial assistance worth rs. 50,000 each to landless labourers to bail them out of the current agrarian crisis.
the credit for this goes to every worker of the congress party, who under rahul's active guidance, carried out a sustained agitation, gandhi said, hailing the leadership of the congress vice president to the cause of farmers.
mandsaur farmers protest: union minister m.venkaiahnaidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
nakodar: on the occasion of farmers debt waiver function at nakodar, punjab chief minister amarinder on wednesday announced infrastructure project worth rs 113 crore for shahkot area, which is going to have a byelection after the death of sitting mla ajit singh kohar .
the drought areas will be notified in consultation with states, rural development secretary j k ram told pti.
siddaramaiah said that a report would be prepared after the cabinet sub-committees tour the state for assessing drought situation.
we are not going to take agricultural land tax from those outside the purview of land ceiling, mamatabanerjee told the rally in kharagpur.
prime minister narendramodi on saturday announced setting up of a high-powered task force to bring structural reforms in agrarian sector in the country, said niti aayogs vice-chairman rajiv kumar.
we will bring policies to facilitate investment by the corporate sector in agriculture, modi said.
modi said in the past four years at the centre and 13 years in madhya pradesh, the bjp had worked for the uplift and empowerment of poor, farmers and deprived sections of society.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh (pti/file) punjab chief minister amarindersingh (pti/file)punjab chief minister captain amarindersingh on friday said his government would soon announce its decision on farm debt waiver based on the recommendations of the t haq expert committee, which is scheduled to submit its report shortly.
finance minister arun jaitley has said his government will analyse and address rural india's issues, even going to the extent of saying that spending on rural india and agriculture is not populism.
modi to address farmers' rally in belagavi on february 27hubballi, feb 9, 2016, dhns: 3:11 iststate bjp president pralhad ram announced on monday that prime minister narendra modi would address a farmers convention to be held in belagavi on february 27.
expressing concern over the spate of farmer suicides across the country, modi said that the banks should be more considerate towards the debt ridden farmers.
terming his government as pro-farmer and pro-poor, modi said: we are a committed government.
later in the day, ending his road show in the old city, rahul told a gathering that economists have told him that the schemes like mgnrega and loan waiver had helped the overall economy of the country and not just the farmers.
mandsaur farmers protest: union minister naidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
sanjeev kumar vermasushil kumar modipatna: deputy chief minister modi on monday said weeding out middlemen from government schemes, ending dependence on kerosene lamps and enhancing farmers' income would be the three main achievements of the government in 2018.
modi said farmers income will be doubled in 6 years; it is a jumla-type statement unlikely to be achieved, he said.
perhaps seeking to counter this claim, modi said, economic growth has meaning only if it empowers the poor, farmers, women, as well as the middle and neo-middle classes of all communities.
ram prasad ram , secretary of the jamuna valley dairy cooperative society said the banks intervention has resulted in more income to the farmers which has motivated the producers to concentrate on cattle rearing.
when the members pressed for waiving of farm loans, siddaramaiah said farmers have availed rs 10,000 crore from co-operative banks and rs 35,000 crore from commercial banks.
prime minister modi on saturday announced setting up of a high-powered task force to bring structural reforms in agrarian sector in the country, said niti aayogs vice-chairman rajiv kumar.
after four years in office, prime minister narendramodi has announced his intention to give farmers msps that are at least 50 per cent above the cost (a2+fl and not c2).
budget is close to dreams of people: pmnew delhi, feb 29, 2016 (pti) 19:05 istterming the budget as one close to dreams of the people, prime minister modi today said its biggest focus is on villages, poor people, farmers, women and youth to ensure a qualitative change in their lives and alleviate poverty through a slew of time-bound programmes.
addressing a farmers rally which coincided with the 75th birthday of bjp state president b s yeddyurappa, modi told the massive crowd: this seeda rupaiyya sarkar should not be allowed to continue even for a minute.
once the report comes in, we will take measures to compensate farmers, nitishkumar said.
the families of the farmers (who were killed in mandsaur last year) will get justice in 10 days and we will take action against those responsible for the firing, says the congress president.
asked about farm loan waiver, a key pre-poll promise of the punjab congress, amarindersingh said he was fully committed to implementing the same and would ensure that adequate funds are released for it.
may these festivals bring abundance of happiness and prosperity in the lives of our hardworking farmers, modi said.
ram ram , a political analyst and former professor, haryana agricultural university, hissar, said that the bjp is likely to emerge as the winner in the region.
the distribution of food grains in the villages will ensure not a single farmer goes to sleep hungry, he added.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the extension will help farmers to avail loan waiver till may 20.
15: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh today announced setting up of a regional centre of the national centre of organic farming (ncof), headquartered in ghaziabad, uttar pradesh, to promote organic farming.
the decision was also evaluated by the j-pal south asia and the world bank following the announcement of the project, chief minister capt amarindersingh had claimed that the project would encourage farmers to save power and water and would also help in crop diversification and result in accurate energy accounting and curbing wasteful consumption.
(source: pti photo)exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology, prime minister modi on monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when india would celebrate 75 years of independence.
48pm: the government will set up gramin haats so that farmers dont have to go faraway to sell their produces, says modi.
siddaramaiah said he will soon write a letter to prime minister narendra modi, urging him to waive at least 50  of farm loans taken from various nationalised banks in view of the severe drought in karnataka.
vardhan said, prime minister modi had asked multi-national companies to mix their carbonated drinks with fruit juices to help farmers of the country.
not only farmers loans will be waived, but also educative programmes will be introduced, he said.
elaborating on the plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the long-term measures to root out drought and farmer suicides in the state would require environmental preservation.
ragi, jowar may come under pdsthe state is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers grow more of these crops and sell them to it, said chief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday after launching the anna bhagya yojane, dhns reports from bangalore.
(source: ap photo)saving farmers is the priority of his government, karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy said today, as he promised to honour his commitment to waive farm loans within 15 days and insisted there was no going back on it.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das also said a time limit for farmers to pay crop insurance premiums has been extended by 15 days.
jaipur: rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje on thursday said it was first time in the history of the state that a government has waived farm loans of up to rs 50,000.
modi wants rbi to prepare 20-yr road map for fin inclusionmumbai, apr 2, 2015, (pti) 13:41 istprime minister narendramodi today asked the reserve bank to prepare a 20-year road map for financial inclusion and nudged banks to be considerate in giving loans to the poor as also while making recoveries from them, especially farmers.
to obviate any confusion on the subject, i categorically state that the central government has no plan to impose any tax on agriculture income, arunjaitley said in a statement.
apologising for not visiting families of those farmers who have ended their lives, owing to the ongoing legislative session, ram said he would do so once the session concluded.
we have agreed to enhance our engagement in several areas including in agriculture, renewable energy, and power sector, said modi in a joint address to the media with suu kyi.
govt ready with contingency plan to deal with poor monsoon:minnew delhi, june 2, 2015, (pti) 22:53 istthe government is ready with contingency plans in 580 districts to deal with poor monsoon, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said today.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , who reviewed the drought situation in marathwada last week and sought to infuse confidence in farmers by announcing a slew of measures, told this paper that his government was concerned about the farmer suicides and has taken several steps to bring them down.
pointing out that a special crop loss assessment report was already being prepared to assess crop damage due to rain, amarindersingh said losses due to fire caused by any other reason will be compensated from the cms relief fund.
(file photo)as farmers in some parts of maharashtra on thursday went on a strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was trying to resolve the issue through talks but the opposition congress and ncp were instigating them for political gains.
market watchers claim many farmers had stopped repaying loans soon after aicc president rahulgandhi announced plans to waive farm loans up to rs 2 lakh in 10 days after coming to power in madhya pradesh.
in punjab's context, amarindersingh said the agriculture sector, which was largely dependent on cash transactions, had been hit hard, along with the informal sector.
read | amid complaints, up cm yogi orders framing of anti-romeo guidelinesfarmer loan waiverat his first cabinet meeting, yogiadityanath said the state government would waive loans of rs 36,359 crore taken by about 94 lakh small and marginal farmers uttar pradesh.
the congress vice president said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
what makes this more significant is that after a long gap of 10 to 15 years, a large chunk of farmers who were denied fresh bank loans because of past defaults, would now be eligible for crop loans providing an opportunity to start afresh in their struggle for existence, tiwari told toi.
a sincere attempt will be made to provide water to standing crops of our farmers, ram said.
in this situation, the centre will have to step in to help the farmers, said siddaramaiah.
modi said if sardar vallabhai patel had been the prime minister at the time, the condition of farmers would have been much better.
to fill the gap in storage capacity requirements, nabard should interact with private sector players, pranabmukherjee said, addressing the foundation day of national bank for agriculture and rural development, the apex bank for agriculture sector loans in the country.
prime minister modi said, the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run india but to create a new india, adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last five-years during which the youth, women, farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes.
we have agreed to set up a committee to allot agricultural land to tribals provided they submit proof of pre-2005 land cultivation, chief minister devendra fadnavis said.
bangalore, july 25, 2013, dhns: 23:32 istchief minister ram on thursday announced the formation of a cabinet sub-committee to suggest amendments to the forest dwellers (recognition of forest rights) act, 2006, to protect the interests of farmers who have been cultivating in forest land for many years.
virtually kicking off his party's campaign for the assembly elections due towards the end of the year, gandhi said if the congress comes to power in mp, those responsible for the death of the six farmers would face strict action within 10 days.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on saturday announced the setting up of commission which would assess the input cost of agriculture produce, and said he was pained to see the violence in the state during the farmers agitation.
we will create a food chain from where the produce will go the cities and farmers will directly receive the money due to them, rahulgandhi says.
modi said that he wanted to assure people that this chowkidar is determined to ensure that every drop of water meant for farmers reaches them.
open to changes in land bill that benefit poor: pmnew delhi: may 28, 2015, dhns 2:14 istparties should keep aside political motives: modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers, poor, village and nation will be accepted, prime minister modi said on wednesday asserting that along with gst bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time.
chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said that the centre must waive farm loans across the country and not pass the buck to the states.
chandigarh: trashing the union as a jumla , punjab chief minister amarindersingh on friday said it was a hogwash, which had nothing for farmers and youths but would burden the common man.
hemant said initially prime minister modi had said that his government would safeguard farmers' land, but later tried to bring in land acquisition bill to usurp farmland.
deshpande had also said that prime minister manmohansingh had announced a package for vidarbhas crisis-ridden farmers,which included one for irrigation.
speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the university of agricultural sciences, bangalore, ram said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce.
modi said loan waiver of small and marginal farmers would be the first decision if the bjp came to power in the state.
we dont want an india where only a handful get everything, fly in aeroplanes and travel in big cars and our farmers are turned into labourers, rahul said.
finance minister arunjaitley this month said the government will spend a record amount on rural areas and farming to help double farmers income by 2022.
in an indirect but obvious reference to nehru, babu said the leader who wore a rose knew about gardens but not farmers or farming.
farmers' suicide; cm ram to lead all party delegation to pmhubballi(karna), aug 5, 2015, (pti) 16:53 istkarnataka chief minister ram today said he will lead an all party delegation to the prime minister to seek more relief funds in the wake of farmer suicides, unseasonal rains and drought like situation in certain parts of the state.
sources said it will not be practically possible to write off the entire loan amount, but ram may announce a partial loan waiver, thus offering some relief to small and marginal farmers, reeling under severe drought.
modi told the lok sabha that the problems of the farmers were old, widespread and deep-rooted.
magisterial probe into farmer suicide orderedbelgaum, nov 28, 2013, dhns: 2:42 istchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday announced a magisterial probe into the death of sugarcane grower vithal bheemappa arabhavi amid opposition allegation that the state government was responsible for the farmers suicide and the demand for his resignation.
modi further said farmers of maharashtra had benefited and women got better employment opportunities in the last five years under fadnavis leadership.
finance minister arunjaitley (file) finance minister arunjaitley (file)soon after finance minister arunjaitley announced the centres disassociation with loan waivers for farmers, the congress party on tuesday lashed out at the former, saying the bharatiya janata party (bjp) must not make promises they cannot deliver.
chief minister ram , who launched the integrated marketing project, said that it was a revolutionary programme which will help make agriculture a profitable business.
with the number of farmers dwindling, time has come that experts in the field introspect and find reasons why the situation has come to such a passe, ram said in his presidential address at the inauguration of a two-day national agriculture conclave (nac) at a city hotel.
stating that the government has already made representation to the centre for setting up a corpus fund for crop failure compensation, chief minister vijayrupani said that for the year 2019, the state government has purchased crop insurance for rs 12,000 crore sum insured.
modi said that the pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana would offer credit cards, which could be used to offset any crisis and eventually help in preventing suicides among farmers and other poor sections.
my government is firmly behind the farmers in distress in parts of maharashtra and a total of rs 7,000 crore would be spent to tackle it, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced in the assembly, replying to a debate on the biting scarcity in many of the state's 48,000 villages.
on a day's visit to participate in the sabka saath sabka vikas (sssv) sammelan and other programmes organised by the bjp to mark three years of the narendra modi government at the centre, naidu said the waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual states.
he said today: modi said, 'i will change the life of farmers'.
by iansjaipur: the time has come to usher in another green revolution and the congress will do it if comes to power after the lok sabha polls, congress president rahulgandhi said at a farmers' outreach here on wednesday.
compensation to farmers after joint survey report: cmapril 18, 2015, gangavati (koppal dist), dhns 2:32 istcompensation to farmers for the crops they have lost to unseasonal rain in five districts of the hyderabad-karnataka region would be given once officials of agriculture and revenue departments conduct a joint survey and submit a detailed report, chief minister ram said on friday.
the upa government had waived off rs 70,000 crore loan of farmers.
continuing the attack on congress at another rally, raje said, gandhi says that we have not waived off loans of any farmer, but in reality we have done so for 30 lakh farmers for upto rs 50k.
pticongress leaders on sunday termed union agriculture minister radha mohan singhs remark on the ongoing farmers strike, or gaon bandh, as insensitive and full of arrogance.
dev rajpatna: chief minister nitishkumar on wednesday said the government had decided to implement the bihar rajya fasal sahayata yojna to protect farmers against the vagaries of nature as they were not benefiting from the centre's crop insurance scheme.
(source: ap)prime minister narendramodi has asked 11 drought-hit states including maharashtra to take measures on a weekly basis for drought-proofing of villages till the monsoon arrives in the first week of june.
aware that the government is often being criticised following the suicide of farmers, naveenpatnaik said: we are the only state to have doubled farmers' income in the last decade.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: all bihar districts would get dedicated feeders for agriculture in the next two years, deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said on wednesday.
almost all member states are opposed to the niti aayogs proposal to completely remove agriculture commodities from the essential commodities act, however, many are in favour of relaxation in stock restrictions for agriculture goods, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
earlier this month, just when the unrest has started, fadnavis had announced a rs 30,000-crore waiver for 40 lakh-odd small and marginal farmers whose loans were overdue.
prime minister modi on april 8 had announced higher compensation and government aid for farmers suffering due to unseasonable rains.
whatever may be the difficulty, our governmentis committed to maintaining fiscal discipline, and also saving you (farmers), kumaraswamy told the meeting after listening to farmers for about three hours.
meanwhile, ram on sunday told reporters in mysuru that he is waiting for union governments stand to take a decision of farm loan waiver.
chief minister ram said, we are committed to protect the interest of farmers and people of karnataka.
with farmers ending lives in the parched saurashtra region in an election year,chief minister modi on tuesday announced an ambitious rs 10,000-crore irrigation project,to be called saurashtra narmada avtaran irrigation yojana (sauni),which aims to fill all 115 dams in the region with narmada water by interlinking a total of 87 rivers.
on the pro-farmer initiatives in the budget, modi claimed that for many years, initiatives had been taken for peasants but many of them never came under the ambit of these schemes.
we will not let a factory (power plant) come up here until and unless farmers are paid compensation as per the coming bill of parliament, amarindersingh said,while accusing badals of speeding up the acquisitions for personal gains.
asked what could the government do to help farmers battling agrarian crisis and deficient rainfall, gandhi said we have made a slow transition from agricultural economy to knowledge economy and industry economy.
suicide not a solutioncommenting on the recent string of farmer suicides in the state, siddaramaiah said that suicide is not a solution.
after the meeting, ram told reporters that the veteran congress leader has asked the government to pay cash compensation to farmers in cauvery basin who have suffered crop losses due to non-release of water through the canals.
gandhi also said if voted to power, the congress will waive farmers' loans within 10 days of forming government.
share this article related article at drought meet, pm modi says learn from shivajiat drought meet, pm modi says learn from shivaji karnataka cm siddaramaiah meets pm modi , seeks rs 12,272 cr to tackle drought situationkarnataka cm siddaramaiah meets pm modi , seeks rs 12,272 cr to tackle drought situation up seeks rs 11,000 cr to meet drought situation as akhilesh meets pm modiup seeks rs 11,000 cr to meet drought situation as akhilesh meets pm modi ipl 2016: sewage water to run the cash-rich leagueipl 2016: sewage water to run the cash-rich league maharashtra to raise loans to tackle droughtmaharashtra to raise loans to tackle drought flood-like situation in parts of gujarat, toll reaches 27elaborating on gujarats efforts at water conservation, recharge and creation of water bodies, the cm said that 1.
now, we want to ensure 50  of the farmers avail the insurance, said modi.
quota for farmers' children in agri varsitymysore, feb 24, 2014, dhns: 0:39 istchief minister siddaramaiah on monday announced that 40 per cent of seats in agricultural universities in the state will be reserved for farmers children.
(file)karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy on monday said he is committed to waive farm loans or else he will retire from politics and asked people not to fall prey to the bjps conspiracy.
the farmers are suffering as a result of the central governments failure to waive their debts, which many state governments, including punjab, had been repeatedly seeking, and also to give them the due price for their produce, he said, reiterating his demand for implementation of the swaminathan commission report.
a minister who does not connect with the woes of the farmers had no business holding the portfolio, amarindersingh said in a statement released in chandigarh on sunday.
modi said india is currently in a crucial phase of nation building and the government's mission is to build a prosperous india where farmers are capable, workers satisfied, women empowered and youth self-reliant.
likewise, badal also asked him to issue tubewell connections for farmers having land near the border fence on the top priority.
farmers in karnataka have hugely benefited from the scheme, says pm.
stating that the government is working to strengthen agri-marketing in a big way, modi said the efforts are being made to link rural mandis to apmc wholesale markets to global market to enhance farmers income.
announcing relief for farmers, modi said, government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop, central bank.
speaking at the programme, ram said banks have been strictly told not to serve notices on farmers, demanding repayment of loans till the region receives a good spell of rains and yield.
agriculture minister ram said steps are being taken to provide counseling to the aggrieved farmers.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh said, when farmers, who feed the nation, are forced to take to streets to draw attention to their pitiable condition, then it does not augur well for the country.
responding to the opposition parties, commerce and industry minister ram said the government was seized of the problems being faced by drought-hit farmers in tamil nadu and that finance minister arun jaitley, agriculture minister radha mohan singh and water resources minister ram bharti have already met delegations from the state.
28 crore in 2015-16 benefiting 2,00,947 farmers, naidu said, adding that rs 415.
modi said fadnavis had provided political stability, social harmony, law and order opportunities for investment, better facilities for farmers and ensured benefits of central schemes for people of the state.
prime minister narendramodi has asked the top officials to move fast to approach the aiib for loans for some of the flagship projects of his government, particularly in agriculture, rural housing and railway sectors.
finance minister arun jaitley this month said the government will spend a record amount on rural areas and farming to help double farmers income by 2022.
d ram (cpi) said the government was waiving loans of other sectors and asked why it couldnt do the same for farmers.
later in the day, punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal said payment to farmers for their harvest would flow electronically from tuesday, and rs 4,000 crore would be disbursed with 24 hours.
chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys said the government has extended duration of the scheme for the benefit of the farming community.
as many leaders were opposed waving loans borrowed by mlas, mlcs, and representatives of local bodies, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said even employees of co-operatives earning a salary of rs. 3 lakh a year and some individuals paying income tax of rs. 3 lakh a year have borrowed farm loans.
also read: pm-kisan scheme an insult to farmers, says priyanka gandhiduring the demonetisation, no thief or person with black money, but farmers, youths, unemployed, and people of bundelkhand stood in the queues, said gandhi.
state bjp president pralhad ram said a delegation of party mps would meet chief minister ram in new delhi on tuesday to discuss the issue of compensation to farmers.
we have agreed to further strengthen our bilateral cooperation in defence and security, peaceful uses of atomic energy and outer space, science and technology, oil and gas, renewable energy, infrastructure development, agriculture and innovation-based sectors, naidu said.
instead, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced a new incentive scheme in which a farmer gets 10  subsidy on the principal amount while repaying the loan.
to this, modi said these problems were being faced by sugarcane farmers across the country and the union government is a taking a number of steps to address them.
siddaramaiah had announced that the government was allowing farmers to produce neera in the 2013-14 budget itself.
listing the sops offered by her government, mamatabanerjee said it has already given financial benefits to 30,000 farmers under 'krishi bondhu' scheme under which they will get the assistance of rs 5,000 per acre in two instalments, one during kharif and another during rabi season.
clarifying on the assistance to be given to farmers affected from hailstorms and pink bollworm attack, fadnavis said the survey has been completed and actual disbursement is in process.
rahul gandhi said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
apologising for not visiting families of those farmers who have ended their lives, owing to the ongoing legislative session, siddaramaiah said he would do so once the session concluded.
india has always been called an agrarian country but this is the first time that people have realised that with the budget being dedicated to farm sector, union minister mukhtarabbasnaqvi told reporters.
punjab is closely following the footsteps of uttar pradesh, where chief minister yogiadityanath announced a waiver of loans to farmers soon after taking charge.
we have been working speedily in all sectors, whether it is the jal jeevan mission, respect and help for each and every farmer in the country, setting free our muslim women from the malaise of triple talaq, or laws for strengthening childrens security, said modi.
last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the marathwada region will be made drought-free in the next few years.
on the pm-kisan scheme, under which rs 6,000 per annum are transferred to the accounts of farmers who have less than five acres of land, modi said after the lok sabha polls, the five-acre condition would be removed, and more cultivators would be covered.
with the maharashtra government set to expand the scope of its farm loan waiver scheme ahead of the state polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis told that the legislative assembly thursday that this could cost the state exchequer an additional rs 8,000 crore.
the requirement of funds for the infrastructure, agriculture, horticulture, animal husbandry, women and child development, health and education sectors in the region is rs 16,000 crore, siddaramaiah said.
we will waive off loans of farmers but at an appropriate time and will also take centres help for the same, fadnavis told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
naidu, in response, said the agriculture sector achieved 11 per cent growth rate during his government.
coke heeds to pm's call,to launch fizzy drink with fruit juicenew delhi, feb 11, 2016, (pti): 14:48 istbeverages giant coca-cola is set to launch a new 'juice with fizz' drink, more than a year after prime minister modi had asked the multinational cola giants to add fruit juices to their drinks to help indian farmers increase sales.
fadnavis said, apart from the budgetary provisions for irrigation projects, rs 1,000 crore for flagship jalyukta shivar abhiyan will help in rolling out several thousand water conservation works in 5,500 villages reeling under drought.
dh news service, bengaluru, jun 10 2017, 1:10 istchief minister siddaramaiah announced that he would meet the president to seek his assent for karnatakas land reforms bill which provides for giving agriculture labourers rights over houses built on land not belonging to them.
later, talking to media persons, amarindersingh said the state government will compensate the farmers if the centre does not meet their demand for withdrawal of value cut on the minimum support price (msp) in the procurement of wheat due to damage to crops by unseasonal rain.
although chief minister siddaramaiah claimed that the government has already distributed nearly rs 4,100 crore as relief to farmers who lost their crop, it's been a case of so near, yet so far.
fadnavis also said his government was positive about the loan waiver to farmers but did not promise an upa lokayukta for nagpur civic body.
in the union budget 2018, finance minister arunjaitley announced a 100 per cent tax deduction for farmer producer companies (fpcs) for the next five years.
there are incentives for farmers who repaid loans in time.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the government is working towards providing 12-hour uninterrupted power to the farmers across rural maharashtra.
i am very happy that the mp government is working on afforestation, pm modi said while promising that the government is committed towards doubling the income of farmers in 2022.
from land monetisation to seeking the help of financial institutions, the government will explore all available routes to help small and marginal farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on sunday.
when asked when was he planning to reshuffle his council of ministers, ram said he would do that after visiting drought-affected parts of karnataka.
finance minister arunjaitley has said his government will analyse and address rural india's issues, even going to the extent of saying that spending on rural india and agriculture is not populism.
chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan had on monday said that his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of the agitating farmers.
budget reactionsterming the budget as historic, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said it was largely a budget designed for the welfare of farmers, development of the poor and a budget that empowers women.
delivering the 38th edition of his 'mann ki baat', prime minister narendramodi said, can our farmers take a pledge to bring down urea use by half by 2022?
we have been raising the issue of loan waiver from day one and now its time to take it to people, as the government only wants to road roll on our demands and ignore the concerns of farmers, ashok chavan, state president of congress told ht, after a joint meeting of opposition leaders.
reiterating his partys promise to waive off farmers loans if voted to power, gandhi said, let our government assume power in mp.
pm modi told global leaders in attendance at cop 14 how india has 'soil cards' to help the farmers understand the health of the soil.
speaking to reporters after holding a video-conference to review the drought relief work with deputy commissioners and chief executive officers of zilla panchayats of 12 districts of north karnataka, ram said the initial response from maharashtra had been positive.
highlighting pradhan mantri kisan bima yojna, smritiirani said the centre has approved kisan vigyan kendra in amethi and if the state government provided land, it would be started soon.
as per the constitutional provisions, the scheme of crop loan waiver for farmers should be implemented by getting the budget passed, yogiadityanath said.
1:50 pm: meanwhile, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath has said that welfare of farmers is the welfare of the country.
39 pm: agriculture sector needs evergreen revolution sadakaal haritkaal, says pm modi.
the dasara fest is special this year as it is being held after rain gods blessed the state with bountiful rains during the monsoon to ensure a bumper harvest to farmers and prosperity to the 60 million people of karnataka, siddaramaiah told reporters on the occasion.
we have committed that in 2019, we will have a government that will make up for all the crimes that narendra modi has done against farmers in five years, gandhi said.
talking about ways to propagate about government schemes like crop insurance, arunjaitley said government should not leave any form of media as cost is limited and unlimited advantages like wide reach.
the monsoon has turned out to be little better than what was expected, therefore agriculture production may do better than what was originally expected, babu said.
addressing the opening session of the two-day conference in which union cabinet ministers, food and agriculture ministers from states and senior government officials are taking part, pranabmukherjee said procurement of foodgrains and enhancement of storage capacity in view of the proposed national food security act.
the banks have not bothered to inform farmers about the amount credited to their accounts as part of the waiver benefits, fadnavis said during the meeting of the state level bankers committee (slbc), which represents all types of banks, at sahyadri guesthouse in mumbai.
people used to say india cannot be changed, we have successfully changed that thought itself, modi said whileclaiming that the country was taking big strides in every sphere from sports to space, healthcare to agriculture, economy and education.
calling demonetisation a morally and ethically correct decision, arunjaitley asked the opposition not to defend black money in the name of farmers.
chief minister siddaramaiah said 80  of farmers had availed loans from commercial banks which come under the jurisdiction of the centre.
modi wants rbi to prepare 20-yr road map for fin inclusionmumbai, apr 2, 2015, (pti) 13:41 istprime minister modi today asked the reserve bank to prepare a 20-year road map for financial inclusion and nudged banks to be considerate in giving loans to the poor as also while making recoveries from them, especially farmers.
during his poll campaign, prime minister babu had said the first decision of the new up government under the bjp would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers.
seeking to turn the tables on congress over its president's 'hawabaazi' (empty talk) barb at modi, smritiirani said the real 'hawabaazi' would be rahul gandhi declaring himself to be a messiah of farmers as she attacked the congress vice president over the amethi land row.
the msp was arrived on the basis of an improper formula and, therefore, farmers will not get correct prices for their produce or labour, he added.
modi, during his lok sabha poll campaigns, had repeatedly announced that he would ensure adequate price to the farmers for their produce.
the farmers main demand was rights over forest land, and fadnavis told them the issue would be resolved within six months.
saying that the strike was a direct affirmation of the kisan virodhi policies of the modi government, a statement by congress spokesperson randeep singh surjewala said the mp state government was trying to suppress the protests by using illegal means.
explaining the project further, amarinder said if a farmer was given rs 10,000 for power consumption of his tubewell and he ended up spending rs 7,000, the remaining amount would go into his pocket and he would also contribute to saving the declining groundwater level in the state.
kr ram , congress floor leader, said though the state government had promised that it would not allow hydrocarbon project in neduvasal, it was not clear how agreements entered into between the local farmers with the ongc for acquiring the lands would be cancelled.
ncps sharad pawar asked the centre to chip in with more help and waive short-term loans, particularly crop loan and the interest on loans for purchase of agriculture equipment.
odisha chief minister naveenpatnaik today asked the district collectors to attach importance to farmers issues while opposition congress demanded constitution of a farmers commission in the state.
kumar uttam (@meetuttam) may 26, 20173:56pm: i want to assure people of india that the kashmir situation will soon be brought under control, says amit shah3:53pm: modi govt has met peoples aspirations, says amit shah3:51pm: ease of doing business improved, fdi inflow grew, says amit shah3:50pm: india has grown as an economic leader, says shah3:48pm: bjp president amit shah speaks to media on 3 years of modi govt2:37pm: ne of northeast would mean new economy, new energy, new empowerment, new engine, says pm modi2:32pm: pm narendra modi launches sampada yojana- scheme for agro marine processing and development of agro processing clusters2:29pm: in new india, we have to move towards ever green revolution, says pm modi2:27pm: if northeast starts working in this (organic farming) direction, india can become one of the biggest centres of organic farming, says pm modi2:26pm: in northeast, the likelihood of organic farming is very high: pm2:24pm: we laid emphasis on pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana, says pm modi2:19pm: we cant bring change in the country through tokenism, says pm modi at his dhemaji rally2:17pm: our dream is to double farmers income by 2022, the year when india completes 75 years of independence: pm modi2:15pm: we want to bring modernisation in agriculture, says pm modi2:12pm: pm narendra modi is addressing another rally in assams dhemaji12:19pm: pm renames dhola sadiya bridge as bhupen hazarika bridge12:18pm: within the first year of bjp rule in assam, the state is getting rid of many of its problems, says pm modi12:14pm: the bridge will save time, says pm12:12pm: the bridge will be a link in the development of two states- arunachal pradesh and assam: pm12:10pm: prime minister modi says the bridge will bring an economic revolution12:08pm: this bridge will open new avenues for the farmers, says pm modi in assam12:04pm: it is a proud moment for the country that indias longest bridge has been constructed in assam, says pm modi12:00pm: pm modi is addressing a rally in dhola, assam11:50am: congress leader kamal nath said bjp spending rs 2000 cr on celebration,3 years of modi govt can be summed up as bhashan aur aashwaasan, yeh hai mera shaasanfuturistic infrastructure that will power india's growth.
pawar said he would discuss the farmers problems with the state and central governments and try to find a solution without politicising it.
by ptiwashington: the maharashtra government is aspiring to make the state the first trillion-dollar economy by 2025, five years early, by investing in infrastructure, agriculture and services and by leveraging foreign investments in various sectors, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
sources said that modi could also announce a host of welfare schemes for the farmers at the rally, which comes two days before former prime minister chaudhary charan singh's birth anniversary.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said friday, the budget has given greater impetus to tackle the agrarian crisis in wake of recurring drought for the fourth consecutive year.
reiterating the decision to hike milk procurement price for farmers by re 1 from existing rs 4 to rs 5 per litre of milk, ram said the new price will come into effect from december 10.
we have made progress in opening new areas of cooperation during this visit in drug regulation, agricultural research and cyber security, modi said.
@incindia has always supported loan waivers for farmers in distress (sic), gandhi said in a series of tweets.
modi also said it was important to tackle the trade deficit with china and appreciated the simplification of regulatory procedures by the chinese side, especially for non-basmati rice, sugar, agricultural products and pharmaceuticals.
however, considering the financial burden on farmers, the government wants to ease these norms for one season.
no doubt, there was a wave for modi in 2014, but farmers are disenchanted with him now, said sugar cane grower uday vir singh, 53, plonking down on a wicker chair and smoking his hookah.
government is making all out efforts to ensure that farmers get latest seeds, required electricity, do not face any problem in market access and get right prices for their produce, modi said.
addressing the agitators, congress chief gandhi said, farmers are not asking for a reward or free gift, but only their rightful due.
yesterday, punjab chief minister park had said that he would denotify the land acquired for the sutlej-yamuna link (syl) canal and return it to farmers.
bangalore, july 25, 2013, dhns: 23:32 istchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday announced the formation of a cabinet sub-committee to suggest amendments to the forest dwellers (recognition of forest rights) act, 2006, to protect the interests of farmers who have been cultivating in forest land for many years.
by ptinew delhi: the leaders of all opposition parties stand united with farmers in ensuring their good future, congress president gandhi said on friday and called for a farm loan waiver.
punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals on monday asked the union government to constitute a high-level committee of agriculture experts to revive the agrarian economy in the state.
making a suo moto statement today in lok sabha on the trade pact clinched at the wto meeting at geneva last night, commerce minister ram said besides accepting its concerns on public stockholding, the deal by the 160-member body allows india to continue with its policy to provide minimum support price to farmers.
agriculture minister radhamohansingh said, this new variety will be released for commercial cultivation in january and will be available for sowing in the kharif 2017 season.
noting that the congress always supported the struggle of farmer, ram said that farmers in the state have been facing injustice since 1924.
all-party delegation to be taken to delhi to resolve sugar cane issuebelagavi: july 1, 2015, dhns 1:10 istthe state government will pay the sugar cane farmers after auctioning the sugar stock seized from the factories, chief minister ram has said.
(source: file photo)punjab congress chief amarindersingh said on saturday that if his party is voted to power in the 2017 assembly elections, it will work out a permanent solution for settling the farm debt so that no farmer is forced to take extreme steps like suicide.
which is why farmers are our priority, says rahul gandhi.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab)chief minister devendrafadnavis said saturday the government was willing to allocate financial resources along with the centre to help 31 lakh farmers reeling under debt of rs 30,500 crore.
gandhi said he wanted madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh to become agriculture centres in five years and provide food, fruits and vegetables to the country.
after four years in office, prime minister modi has announced his intention to give farmers msps that are at least 50 per cent above the cost (a2+fl and not c2).
puttanniah said chief minister siddaramaiah had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes, but he has not bothered to safeguard the farmers interest.
gandhi had earlier said he will not let prime minister narendra modi sleep until all farmer loans have been waived off.
at the same rally, congress president gandhi had said: the voice that is reverberating now across the country is of the farmers who are in deep distress and crisis.
a revanth read , telangana tdp floor leader in the state assembly, said in his petition that several farmers in the state have been facing hardships due to supply of fake seeds.
hinting at the rapport between prime minister narendra modi and fadnavis, pawar wondered how difficult it could be to extract funds from the centre for the farmers.
co/g1usbs8jia  modi (@narendramodi) december 16, 2018hitting out at the karnataka government where the congress is an alliance partner, modi said, the congress has been speaking big things about loan waiver, but all of them are lies.
saying that the plastic menace was a form of land degradation which would be impossible to reverse, modi said that apart from adverse health implications, it is going to render land unproductive and unfit for agriculture.
nationalist congress party leader ajit pawar said that the bjp-led govenrment was working in the interest of a handful of industrialists and would do nothing for the farmers.
karnataka was not releasing water for its own farmers, as the available storage has been reserved to meet the drinking water needs of bengaluru and other cities, siddaramaiah told the team of 20 farmers associations from tamil nadu, led by former rajya sabha mp and the leader of dmks farmers wing, kp ramalingam.
2.34pm: narendra modi has betrayed farmers.
criticising the diesel price hike,chief minister narendramodi on thursday said it would affect farmers the most.
b'india would not have lost its sheen as a country of farmers if sardar vallabhbhai patel had been the first prime minister,gujarat chief minister narendramodi said today,ruing the poor national agricultural growth.
by 2015, the farmers of devanahalli, kolar and chikkaballapur will have to migrate elsewhere, says shivanapura ram , a farmer from devanahalli.
addressing a gathering in old ankola town, mr. gandhi said instead of helping farmers and the poor through loan waiver, mr. modi was only interested in helping loan defaulters and had waived thousands of crores of loans of businessmen.
earlier, attacking the narendra modi government on demonetisation, congress president gandhi on wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers.
siddaramaiah said the central team, which toured 16 districts in the last three days, was convinced about the severity of drought in karnataka.
compensation from centre for crop loss meagre: cmgulbarga, sep 6, 2014, dhns: 0:25 istchief minister ram on saturday said that the compensation received from the central relief fund for natural disasters for crop losses due to floods was meagre.
follow our election coverage hereon the issue of farm loan waiver, nath said: pm modi said that loans of farmers were not waived off.
to send a message to farmers, who are in the habit of raising loans, siddaramaiah said, barring my father, who had obtained loan once from a pld bank, nobody in our undivided family has availed loans.
but the scheme never took off due to change in the government at the centre, agriculture minister radhamohansingh told reporters here.
because of cumbersome banking processes and the burden of debt,around 2,70,000 farmers have committed suicide in the past 20 years, modi had said.
on the allegations relating to the lynching of a dairy farmer in alwar in rajasthan and similar incidents, naidu said law and order was a state subject.
b'india would not have lost its sheen as a country of farmers if sardar vallabhbhai patel had been the first prime minister,gujarat chief minister modi said today,ruing the poor national agricultural growth.
union home minister rajnathsingh on friday asked indias voters to throw the bjp out of power if the government fails to double farmers income by 2022, a statement which came amid a violent agitation by agriculturists in madhya pradesh.
no cabinet rejig before drought review: cmmysuru: april 23, 2016, dhns: 1:43 istchief minister siddaramaiah has said that the cabinet would be reshuffled only after the review of drought situation in the state.
rahul will visit kin of peasants who ended lives: siddaramaiahbengaluru, july 25, 2015, dhns: 0:58 istcongress vice president rahul gandhi will soon visit karnataka again for two days to meet some of the family members of farmers who committed suicide recently, chief minister ram said on friday.
pointing to farmer suicides and unemployment in the country, gandhi said the last three years were a betrayal of the mandate the government had received.
apparently referring to the demands for debt relief by the farmers, naidu said loan waiver depends upon financial condition of the state governments.
despite good rains,the entire country,its villages,farmers and poor people are still struggling with life, modi said,criticising the policies of the upa government with regard to poverty and agricultural growth.
b'backing chief minister siddaramaiah on the issue of cauvery water sharing with tamil nadu, janata dal (secular) national secretary general danish ali on sunday said when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in cauvery catchment areas, how can the karnataka government release the river waters.
agriculture minister radhamohansingh said that about 113 lakh hectares of rabi crop have been destroyed due to unseasonal rains.
during the meeting held at the punjab bhawan here, cm amarindersingh said officials should make all-out efforts to ensure timely and full procurement of every single grain from farmers, who had suffered a harrowing time last year due to an ill-conceived agricultural policy of the erstwhile sad-bjp government.
after being the nation's food bowl for almost four decades, captain amarindersingh said that time has come to move beyond agriculture.
at the same rally, congress president rahulgandhi had said: the voice that is reverberating now across the country is of the farmers who are in deep distress and crisis.
modi said without neem coating, urea was being pilfered to other uses, leaving farmers without availability of the fertiliser.
the mounting farm debts was making the agriculture in punjab increasingly unsustainable, endangering not only the food security of the nation but also the social fabric of this sensitive border state, said amarindersingh , citing the pioneering role of punjab in the production of foodgrain and thereby in national food security.
b'backing chief minister ram on the issue of cauvery water sharing with tamil nadu, janata dal (secular) national secretary general danish ali on sunday said when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in cauvery catchment areas, how can the karnataka government release the river waters.
spelling out the governments plan for water and fodder supply in arid areas, fadnavis said that a contingency plan was in place to face the crisis.
the problems of water and fodder supply in drought-hit areas would be taken up on a war footing, gandhi said while interacting with farmers and labourers in the drought hit villages of aurangabad in maharashtra.
co/0lfegtkkfb rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1525317561000new delhi: congress president rahul gandhi today gave an 'f' grade report card to the modi government on the subject of agriculture in poll-bound karnataka.
the farmers are suffering as a result of the central government's failure to waive their debts, which many state governments, including punjab, have sought, amarindersingh said.
chief minister devendra fadnavis told ht that drought like situation would be announced for 8,000 to 14,000 villages in the state by mid-september, on the basis of the average rainfall.
addressing the media at the mp border, rahulgandhi said, pm modi doesnt waive off farmer loans, doesnt give them benefits, only gives them bullets.
punjab cm captain amarinder (file photo) punjab cm captain amarinder (file photo)the state level bankers committee of punjab friday said the delay in rolling out the farm debt waiver to farmers having accounts in commercial banks was affecting recoveries of commercial banks and had also turned nearly 80 per cent farmers into non-performing assets (npas).
taking a jibe at the prime minister over his frequent foreign tours, gandhi said that modi is always going on world tours, but he had not seen him standing even once with a farmer or an unemployed youth.
earlier policiesin 2001, before the 2002 elections, the then chief minister prakash parkashsinghbadals announced a compensation of rs 2 lakh, which was never given.
addressing a two-day meet of the all india congress seva dal, gandhi said every sections of the society, be it farmers, youths or small-scale traders, suffered under the modi government and they should get justice.
blaming the bjd government for stonewalling the centres development initiatives, modi said the state government denied odisha farmers of 1.
kishore tiwari, chairman of vasantrao shetkari swavalamban mission, said this is because despite waiver, banks have still not started disbursing fresh credit to the farmers leaving them fund starved.
there has been no contribution from the centre to the congress-led government's rs 8,500 crore contribution in farm loan waivers, gandhi said on twitter.
attacking the congress at a public meeting at upa chairperson sonia gandhi's home turf, modi said the party neither bothered about jawans nor farmers.
while campaigning for the assembly elections in october last year, the bjp government, currently in power in the state, had targeted the previous congress-ncp regime for its failure to prevent farmer suicides.
but the cm had no time to listen to our plight, said another farmer chakradhar deshmukh.
mr. h.d.kumaraswamys , who accused the union and state governments of neglecting farmers under distress owing to crop losses following drought and flood-like situations, said, both governments have failed to tackle farmers problems effectively and were pointing fingers at each other when asked about loan waivers.
talking to journalists after being stopped, rahulgandhi said, the narendra modi government and the shivraj singh chouhan government are both anti-farmer.
instead of focusing on main issues, modi says his biggest achievement was to bring the us president as chief guest on republic day while farmers and small traders were suffering, the former union minister told reporters here.
commenting on the farmers protest, mr singh said on saturday that people are doing stunts, trying to do something unique.
this price hike will prove to be very bad for the farmers of the state where there is drought-like situation, modi said.
prima facie, it is estimated that the yavatmal district has suffered the highest losses with 17,000 hectares of crops having suffered damage, the cm said in a statement.
addressing farmers in the state through all india radio from bengaluru, ram said it had come to the fore that the dramatic rise in farmer suicides in the last few days was due to their exploitation by mercenary moneylenders charging high rates of interest.
fadnavis visit, however, failed to enthuse the farmers community, which is battling acute water shortage, crop failure and suicides.
in his memorandum to the team, ram said 119 human lives has been lost since april 2013 and 11,536 houses damaged; 1,33,572 hectare agriculture crops damaged at an estimated loss of 320.
on a days visit to odisha to participate in sabka saath sabka vikas (sssv) sammelan and other programmes organised by bjp to celebrate completion of three years by narendra modi government at the centre, ram said waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual state.
ejaz kaiser byexpress news serviceraipur: congress president gandhi , in a scathing attack on the bharatiya janata party (bjp) government at the centre and in chhattisgarh, said the saffron party encourages a few industrialists but ignores the concerns of the poor, the farmers, the labourers and the youngsters.
farmers are a worried lot and government should come to their help by initiating drought relief works in the state, ram said.
while 20 farmers had committed suicide during the previous ldf governments term, the udf tenure was largely free of farmer suicides, ram said.
modi said the country had faced two consecutive years of drought, pushing vegetable prices up.
in his memorandum to the team, siddaramaiah said 119 human lives has been lost since april 2013 and 11,536 houses damaged; 1,33,572 hectare agriculture crops damaged at an estimated loss of 320.
cong won't allow govt to take land of farmers easily: rahulanantapur (ap), july 24, 2015, pti: 12:58 isthitting out at the nda government over the contentious land bill, congress vice president rahulgandhi today said he would not let prime minister narendra modi take farmers' land easily.
regulatory overreach has created panic and strain on the fcv tobacco farmers in the country, faifa general secretary babu said in a statement.
this was after the world bank took cognisance of the complaints filed by farmers in the amaravati region that the government had commandeered their land in the name of land-pooling to build the new capital city of amaravati, dr ram , who is also a member of the cess board of governors, said over telephone.
farmer ram said farming has not been taken up from the last four years.
siddaramaiah said the districts of belagavi, dharwad and gadag were facing severe drought and groundwater has been depleted.
delay in getting appointment with modi upsets siddaramaiahbengaluru, august 14, 2015, dhns: 1:19 istcm had sought time to discuss kalasa-banduri project, droughtchief minister ram on thursday said he was disappointed that the appointment he had sought with prime minister narendra modi to discuss various issues, including implementation of the kalasa-banduri project and drought condition prevailing in the state, had received no response.
fortunately, union finance minister arun jaitley has said that the centre will not extend any further assistance for farm loan waiver which would have otherwise been hugely inflationary while bringing down the economys already sluggish growth rate.
tough to waive crop loans, says siddaramaiahbengaluru, feb 28, 2016, dhns: 1:54 istchief minister ram , who held a pre-budget meeting with farmer leaders and representatives on saturday, said that it would be difficult for the state government to waive crop loans entirely.
congress president sonia gandhi said modi had led people, including farmers, up the garden path before the polls and was bringing anti-farmer policies now.
on saturday, union agriculture minister radha mohan singh said the protest by farmers were attempts to get media attention.
also read: kisan rally highlights | pm failed to fulfil promises, say rahulgandhi , arvind kejriwalkejriwal in his address at the venue, claimed that the centre had filed an affidavit in the supreme court saying it would not implement the m s swaminathan commission report.
had this been in chhattisgarh, farmers would have got all the help by now and situation would have been different, ram said.
mohali: after being the countrys food bowl for four decades, time has come for punjab to move beyond agriculture, says chief minister captain amarindersingh speaking at toi event mohali: the next big it hub here on tuesday, the cm said that agriculture had its place in the economy but there was a need to explore the other avenues as well for creating job opportunities in punjab.
(source: express photo by rana simranjit singh)punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal on saturday said people need to understand that the state government does have its limitations when dealing with certain issues, particularly those related to farmers.
farmer suicides that were on the decline during the upa regime have now risen sharply.
fadnavis said if loan waiver were a lasting solution, he would have pursued it even at the cost of all financial constraints.
jaise congress ne desh ko 'gharibi hatao' ke naare ke saath thaga, vo ab desh ko karzmaafi ke naam par thag rahi hai (congress, which cheated people with 'eradicate porverty' slogan in the past, is cheating with loan waiver),modi said the congress in punjab, too, had made big promises to farmers, but deceived them after coming to power.
on a day's visit to the purvanchal region, his second trip to uttar pradesh this month, modi claimed that the jd(s)-congress coalition government, which came to power in karnataka recently, had waived only 800 farm loans.
puttanniah said chief minister ram had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes, but he has not bothered to safeguard the farmers interest.
addressing the media at the mp border, gandhi said, pm modi doesnt waive off farmer loans, doesnt give them benefits, only gives them bullets.
if khedut putra (son of farmer),sardar patel had become the first prime minister,this would not have happened to our farmers somehow,we took the wrong way, modi said addressing a gathering of farmers at krishi mahotsav in bharuch.
this year has turned out to be the year of highest number of farmer suicides.
when farmers are in deep trouble due to agrarian crisis, prime minister narendra modi and chief minister siddaramaiah are busy countering one another over commission percentage governance, h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys , state president of the janata dal(s), has said.
we will not retract a single inch, we will not let them sleep at night till farmer loans are waived, gandhi said.
hitting out at rahul gandhi, smritiirani later told reporters that the congress vice president has been saying on land bill that he will not let anyone take an inch of farmers' land.
nagpur: in a veiled warning to the opposition, chief minister devendra fadnavis on sunday said his government would expose all wrongdoings made in their tenure of 15 years, due to which the farmers were committing suicides.
dr g v ram , an agriculture scientist attending the convention said: the government is not accepting readily available field data and experience on this dangerous pesticide.
it's a bundle of false promises, ram said and argued that there was no justification to call it an agriculture budget.
soon after the house assembled at 11am, leader of opposition indira hridayesh raised the issue saying if uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath could announce a loan waiver for farmers at the very first meeting of his cabinet, why the same cant be done in uttarakhand.
inflation under check; global economy, agri a challenge: fmnew delhi, may 23, 2015, (pti) 14:05 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said inflation has been brought under control in the past one year but global economy and agrarian situation as well as domestic investments pose challenge to the indian economy.
gandhi at the farmers' rally on wednesday had said, the watchman with a 56-inch chest ran away and told a woman, sitharaman ji, defend me.
the cause for concern is not just the suicide rate but the entire agrarian situation.
west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo) west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo)west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said the centre must announce a farm loan waiver across the country and claimed that the farmers were in distress due to demonetisation.
modi said that the rs 1,540 crore the centre had released as compensation to farmers who suffered losses during the kharif season in karnataka, was not credited to their accounts till the union government applied pressure.
prof ram said the government should have allocated a large sum for agriculture as it is going through a serious crisis.
(photo: pti)the punjab cm noted that the central government had failed to provide any relief to the farmers suffering from the agrarian crisis which was a result of the antagonistic policies of the bjp-led central government.
this has been the case in many villages as price of cattle feed has increased after cyclone and steps from government were miniscule, said g ram , a farmer in vedaranyam.
criticising congress poll promise of farm loan waiver as a trick to deceive the people, modi said such schemes had failed to help farmers in the long run.
taking a dig at the congress-led upa government at the centre,modi said he had suggested to prime minister manmohan singh to launch waste water management and solid waste disposal projects to upgrade rural and agrarian economy.
amid loud chants by bjp members saying the country will not tolerate the insult to the pm, ram said education, agriculture, health sectors and job creation were the major challenges facing the country and the bjp-led nda government had not addressed them in nearly four years of its rule.
b'bihar chief minister nitishkumar (pti photo) bihar chief minister nitishkumar (pti photo)bihar chief minister nitishkumar on tuesday said that while everybody was ready to deify mahatama gandhi very few were willing to follow his thoughts and attributed present days crises in agriculture and environment to ignoring paths shown by him.
leader of opposition (lop), ram said that the state government had failed on law and order front and did not keep its promise of serving farmers interests.
i have no money, said ram , a farmer from the karur district in tamil nadu, who has been protesting at jantar mantar for over three weeks now.
i have been criticised on this but i am of the view that farming has become unviable due to land under agriculture shrinking and the number of people dependent on it growing.
lop naidu said that congress must clarify why there has been delay in the farm loan waiver announced by the government.
the cm also accused union minister harsimrat kaur badal of failing to protect punjabs and the farmers interests at the centre she did not raise her voice even though the bjp government at the centre failed to take any steps in the budget for the farming community, amarindersingh said, pointing out that the nda government had failed to implement the swaminathan report, which was the only way to help farmers boost their income and bring the agriculture sector out of the doldrums into which it had been plunged.
reacting to union minister d v sadananda gowdas statement that the chief minister had been making politically motivated statements with regard to drought relief funds, ram said it was gowda who was lying and trying to gain political mileage out of the issue.
they are not interested in farmers' welfare, ram said.
admitting that about 85 lakh farmers across the southern state were in debt for raising bank loans, he said they were in distress due to recurring droughts and crop failures over the years.
badal repeatedly said that be it any party sad-bop or congress governments in the state,the fault is of the centre on all issues of debt waiver,loans and step-motherly treatment of punjab.
the cm said neither one-time loan waiver nor repeated subsidies would bring prosperity.
though the opposition criticised it as a small initiative, it should share what it contributed to farmers when it was in power, said prime minister modi 's brother modi , vice-president, all india fair price shop dealers federation, during his visit to the sri krishna mutt on wednesday.
the centres new notification imposing restrictions on cattle trade will cause an enormous financial burden on farmers, thereby further contributing to the agrarian crisis, karnataka chief minister ram has said in a letter to prime minister narendra modi.
various studies undertaken to understand the extent of farm debt in punjab had found that farm labourers were one of the most badly-hit class and should be considered for suitable relief in any loan waiver scheme, amarindersingh said and criticised opposition parties and some kisan unions for spreading false propaganda on the issues faced by farmers.
noting that the symbolic sops he had announced for farmers in his new year eve address to the nation were not enough to rescue the farming community from the crisis into which they had been plunged due to note ban, amarinder said modi had failed to announce debt waiver even though the congress had recently submitted to him more than one crore forms from punjab and uttar pradesh farmers seeking relaxation.
siddaramaiah said that modi did not utter a word about farmers or poor in the rally.
our politicians, in spite of their rhetoric, have failed to educate the average farmer who is aware that he is losing something but not its ramifications, said m. babu , an official of the local school.
siddaramaiah said that the saffron party leaders, such as shivamogga mp b s yeddyurappa, union ministers d v sadananda gowda and h n ananth kumar, and state bjp president pralhad joshi, who were part of the all-party delegation from the state that met prime minister narendra modi in new delhi on august 24, did not utter a word before the prime minister in the interest of farmers.
highlighting other issues, rajiv ram , a farmer, said drinking water is the main problem of the village.
otherwise, the mass anger due to agrarian distress, demonetisation or rising fuel prices among others will not have led to humiliation for the bjp in the assembly polls, omarabdullah said at an event here.
asks akhileshlucknow, feb 26, 2017, pti: 21:03 isttaking on prime minister narendra modi over his poll promises, chief minister akhileshyadav today asked why he was waiting for the results of the uttar pradesh election to waive farmers' loans.
the statement of the agriculture minister that preparation of seeds is not as easy as preparing upma and idli stands testimony for the governments lack of sincerity towards the farmers, babu said adding that the propaganda on babu works and cancellation of the projects taken up during the tdp regime were a loss to the farming community.
amarinder said, when the congress came to power in punjab, we had no idea that the economic condition of punjab was so bad that it was under debt of over rs 2 lakh crore and due to it there was some delay in implementing the loan waiver scheme.
after shiv sena relaunched its attack on the state government over loan waivers, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the demand to completely waive farm loans could not be granted immediately as it will collapse the fiscal discipline.
even the national bank for agriculture and rural development did not show any inclination to give credit in view of its guidelines.
we will put up roadblocks on state highways for half and hour to one hour every day between december 26 and 30 in all 18 districts as part of our token protest against the manner in which farmers are being denied the msp, said madan , the president of the pradeshik krishak sabha.
bjp leader n ram , a member of the legislative council, says the telangana government precipitated the agrarian crisis by advising farmers to sow red gram and chilli instead of cotton.
while welcoming former aap leader dr daljit singh in the party, amarindersingh said, `` he wanted to fight the chief minister on his home turf of lambi as he wanted to defeat all the top akali leaders responsible for destroying the state through their drugs, mafia and goonda raj, and guilty of ruining its trade, industry and agriculture.
if water is not released, the people may also face a food crisis, said nagar , farmers leader from siruguppa.
recalling yeddyurappas tenure as chief minister, ram said that, when congress leader v s ugrappa asked yeddyurappa, the then chief minister, to waive off farm loans in the legislative council, yeddyurappa said that he had no note printing machine.
targeting the congress, modi said the opposition party claims to be the custodian of the farmers, the poor and the suppressed people.
all that modi said in 2014 is jumla  bringing back black money, giving employment to two crore people, implementing the recommendations of the swaminathan committee report to help resolve farmer woes.
speaking to reporters in bengaluru on thursday, ram said though the procurement centres have been opened since december 23, there has not been much response from the farmers as the minimum support price (msp) has been fixed at rs 1,100 per quintal, when compared to rs 1,300 per quintal, last season.
repeated loan waivers by various state governments distort credit pricing, thereby also disrupting the credit market, former rbi governor ram had said.
25pm: the government waives loans of the top 50 rich men of the country but not of the farmers, rahulgandhi said before leaving for udaipur.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)the shiv sena on saturday asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to apologise to farmers in the state, claiming he had deceived them with fake promises of loan waiver during the 2014 assembly polls.
the statement of the agriculture minister that preparation of seeds is not as easy as preparing upma and idli stands testimony for the governments lack of sincerity towards the farmers, naidu said adding that the propaganda on polavaram works and cancellation of the projects taken up during the tdp regime were a loss to the farming community.
i had written to the union minister of environment and forests in january saying that interested parties who failed to win the confidence of farmers (on transgenic crops) are now pushing the technology through public institutions, nitishkumar said.
repeated loan waivers by various state governments distort credit pricing, thereby also disrupting the credit market, former rbi governor raghuramrajan had said.
reacting to union minister d v sadananda gowdas statement that the chief minister had been making politically motivated statements with regard to drought relief funds, siddaramaiah said it was gowda who was lying and trying to gain political mileage out of the issue.
addressing a rally on friday in ganj basoda, gandhi said modi has failed to fulfil his promise of giving jobs to two crore youths and ensuring remunerative prices to farmers for their produce.
also read: kisan rally highlights | pm failed to fulfil promises, say gandhi , arvind kejriwalkejriwal in his address at the venue, claimed that the centre had filed an affidavit in the supreme court saying it would not implement the m s swaminathan commission report.
pointing out that 10 lakh acres of land, farmed by 2 lakh farmer families and supported by another 2 lakh agricultural labourers depended on agriculture in punjab, amarindersingh said implementation of the syl verdict would finish them all.
congress state president g ram said the distressed farming community had again met with disappointment.
alleging that modi has not fulfilled any of the announcements made for farmers before coming to power at the centre three years back, ajaykumar said because of the governments neglect, as many as 35 farmers are taking their lives every day.
wondering how the commission can ignore karnataka which has been facing severe drought for the past several years, siddaramaiah said even smaller states like haryana have received more allocation than karnataka.
elder brother ram says farming has become a loss-making proposition because farmers are unable to recover even input costs.
addressing a rally in up's ghazipur on saturday, modi had said loan waivers were a lollipop and accused congress of cheating farmers through doles that benefited only 800 farmers.
urging people to shout his oft-repeated slogan against modi and raising farmers issue during the address, rahulgandhi claimed that the pm had duped farmers and looted the people of india to give `30,000 crore to anil ambani.
sonia gandhi said the government had to bow down on the land ordinance and allow it to lapse due to the support from the farming community to congress' fight against the measure.
when a minister entrusted with the welfare of the farmers cannot relate to their problems and is absolutely indifferent to their plight, one can well imagine which way the country is headed, amarindersingh said.
nagpur: educating students and farmers on innovations that are taking place in the world are of utmost importance as the agriculture sector is in total disarray mainly due to lack of coordination and flexibility between the central and state agencies which give advise on various issues, said s ram , former director of tata institute of social sciences, mumbai, on friday.
in a flip-flop on the proposed karnataka bandh, n. ravi kumar, general secretary, bjp, on sunday, called on farmers and the public to observe a bandh voluntarily on monday.
he used to wear rose and had the knowledge of gardens but did not know about farmers or farming, due to which the community faced hardship, babu said, without naming nehru.
(pti file photo, file) madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister m.venkaiahnaidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
through the gujarat model, modi ji showed that he can snatch the land of farmers quite easily and convinced the industrialists that he can do the same in the whole country.
singh said while farmers were resorting to extreme steps out of sheer desperation and the masses were reeling under the impact of the spiralling prices of essentials, mr. radha mohan singh clearly had no qualms on showing his lack of sensitivity to their problems.
when a minister entrusted with the welfare of the farmers cannot relate to their problems and is absolutely indifferent to their plight, one can well imagine which way the country is headed, amarinder singh said.
gandhi said while farmers in the mandis are crying, the haryana agriculture minister is saying farmers committing suicide are cowards, he said amid cries of shame, shame from the opposition.
the chief minister, however, said this had been achieved at a huge cost to the state and its farmers as the punjab farmers have bartered away their only two natural resources, soil fertility and water.
punjab congress president amarinder singh on thursday accused the badal government of pushing the debt-ridden farmers in the state to commit suicide through its anti-farmer policies.
the 20 key promises made by the congress-led upa government, including police reforms, subsidised community kitchen, social security, model schools, increase in minimum support price to the farmers and womens reservation bill, have not yet been realised even after 10 years, said naidu.
you mount pressure on the government so that the farmers of bengal are not deprived of the scheme, modi told the woman.
ncp president sharad pawar thursday agreed with chief minister devendra fadnavis that a loan waiver cannot be a long-term solution to the agrarian crisis in the state.
agriculture minister radhamohansingh said the rains and hailstorm altogether affected 94 lakh hectares of crop area across 14 states over the last three months.
urging people to shout his oft-repeated slogan against modi and raising farmers issue during the address, gandhi claimed that the pm had duped farmers and looted the people of india to give `30,000 crore to anil ambani.
25pm: the government waives loans of the top 50 rich men of the country but not of the farmers, gandhi said before leaving for udaipur.
modi said the congress, which ruled the country for decades, with one family in power for most part, neglected the poor and farmers.
modi said only 14 per cent farmers got the benefit of the crop insurance scheme for farmers in up because akhilesh does not feel it is any work.
at a party rally here, mr. gandhi said the narendra modi government, which had refused to waive farm loans, had waived off rs.  2.5 lakh crore of public money to benefit a handful of the rich.
we have left with no other option except to go for agitation, said ram , one of the farmers.
p kumarravi , another curry leaf farmer from madhanur, said half of his six-acre plantation has wilted.
delay in getting appointment with modi upsets siddaramaiahbengaluru, august 14, 2015, dhns: 1:19 istcm had sought time to discuss kalasa-banduri project, droughtchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday said he was disappointed that the appointment he had sought with prime minister narendra modi to discuss various issues, including implementation of the kalasa-banduri project and drought condition prevailing in the state, had received no response.
this year the state has implemented mega agricultural debt, waiver and debt relief scheme to benefit around 6 million farmers but as the state has no direct control over functioning psu banks, it failed to give timely and sufficient credit to needy and debt rapped farmers, said tiwari.
at mandi gobindgarh, farmer harbhajan singh of dadheri village told him how the state government had failed to settle his payment.
punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh on saturday dismissed allegations levelled by shiromani akali dal (sad) president sukhbir singh badal that he was trying to pass the buck on farm loan waivercapt.
launching a tirade against the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) government, ram said: modi government is anti-farmer and it is evident with the changes brought to the act, only to benefit the corporates.
the nda government's ally at the centre said modi has announced credit to a foreign country at a time when hapless farmers, who are reeling under debt from banks and private moneylenders are waiting for financial aid from government.
chandigarh: haryana chief minister manoharlalkhattar said on sunday that farmers will not forgive those who dumped their vegetables and milk on the roads.
modi, in his speech, said till a few months back the congress was accusing the ruling the sp of corruption and neglecting farmers, but the two have now embraced each other.
again attacking the congress, modi said: the previous government first made the farmer take a loan and is now doing the drama of loan waiving.
addressing a farmers rally on the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana in the western odisha town of bargarh, modi said there has been a storm of protests ever since he became prime minister.
calling the new rules as unconstitutional, siddaramaiah said that when the cattle grow old and become unproductive for farmers, the new rules prevent farmers from selling them.
claiming that the modi government had waived rs  1.10 lakh crore to 15 big corporates, gandhi asked the centre why cant it waive the farmers loan.
the farmers in the region are depressed and distressed as there were no rains in the area since june 18, and the crops that they sowed dried up.
he said the farmers in karnataka would take to the streets if their government decided to discharge water for tamil nadu, ram told express.
what they have done in the name of loan waiver for farmers will go down in history as one of the most cruel jokes on farmers, modi had said at a rally recently.
gandhi said that this decision has thrown farmers, small shopkeepers and housewives into utter chaos.
opposing the land bill, congress vice president rahulgandhi has said that the party would not allow an inch of land to be acquired from farmers and made it clear that they are not in favour of the bill.
wondering how the commission can ignore karnataka which has been facing severe drought for the past several years, ram said even smaller states like haryana have received more allocation than karnataka.
market watchers claim many farmers had stopped repaying loans soon after aicc president gandhi announced plans to waive farm loans up to rs 2 lakh in 10 days after coming to power in madhya pradesh.
he allegedly asked them to buy 57 hectares from farmers and other villagers and sell it to the agency at an inflated price, ram said.
lucknow, sep 21 , 2015, dhns: 1:34 istunion hrd minister smritiirani on sunday said she was not scared of the legal notice from congress over her claims that rajiv gandhi trust had grabbed 65 acres of farmers' land in amethi.
his hopes for financial bailout from the bjp-led government at the centre yet to be fulfilled, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal told modi it was high time that farmers too got their due.
by ptijaipur: rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje today announced a rs 8,000-crore loan waiver for farmers, rs 650 crore tax relief and rs 44,135 crore expenditure on social and community schemes in the budget for 2018-19 presented in the assembly today.
ashok chavan, maharashtra congress president, said the state has been conveniently ignoring farmers suicides and other issues related to farmers despite raising them repeatedly.
farmers in the malaprabha river basin are losing patience since the dispute has been referred to a tribunal which could take a long time to deliver its final order, ram said.
vishal srivastavwhile addressing the public in unnao as part of his kisan yatra on thursday, congress vice-president rahul gandhi asked why union finance minister arun jaitley had not given a speech on loans waived by his government.
new delhi: with newly formed congress governments in mp and chhattisgarh clearing farm loan waivers, party chief gandhi said the opposition will not let pm narendra modi sleep at night till he announces agriculture loan amnesty nationally.
the loan waiver was given to only 800 farmers, modi had claimed.
salem: prime minister narendra modi has not responded to a request seeking his appointment for an all-party delegation from tamil nadu to urge him to set up the cauvery management board, said chief minister edappadik.palaniswami talking to reporters in the city on sunday, palaniswami said the pmo has not granted appointment for a delegation of all-party representatives and farmers even after a reminder of the request was sent.
speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the university of agriculture sciences campus on ballari road, ram said: agriculture universities, which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector, have failed to protect the interests of farmers.
but many of the committee members are politically motivated and acting in their own interest rather than pursuing the interests of the farmers, ram told reporters in nashik.
navi mumbai, apr 9, 2016 (pti) 15:16 ista day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said he is fine with the ipl moving out of the drought-affected maharashtra, his party colleague and bcci secretary anurag thakur today warned that doing so will result in a loss of rs 100 cr for the state.
the governments failure to ensure timely procurement of the farmers produce has aggravated their woes, said punjab congress president amarinder singh.
chief minister siddaramaiah recently said the state had suffered a crop loss of rs 25,000 crore.
they are not interested in farmers' welfare, siddaramaiah said.
stating that her apprehensions have been proven true, mamatabanerjee said rampant job loss has been reported from across the country with the agriculture and unorganised sectors being the worst hit.
but after coming to power, they have taken an anti-farmer stand and diluted certain provisions in the law which have made the farmers rudderless, said nitishkumar , addressing the jd-u workers rally on the occasion of his birthday.
earlier, attacking the narendra modi government on demonetisation, congress president rahulgandhi on wednesday said that the note ban policy has destroyed lives of crores of farmers.
cm warns of action against usurious lendersjuly 19, 2015, bengaluru, dhns 1:16 istmoneylenders pressuring farmers for high rates of interest and eventually driving them to suicide will be held responsible for their death, chief minister ram said on saturday.
v ram 48, another farmer from marakkanam, said the discharge of untreated chemical waste and effluents was gradually affecting the fertility of the soil and yield when they used the contaminated water for irrigation.
slamming him for trying to exploit the sentiments of the farmers, to whom the former regime had failed to deliver even an iota of benefits, capt amarindersingh said the former deputy cm was trying to mislead the farming community in a desperate bid to wean it away from the congress.
stating that government will withdraw cases against farmers and innocents after considering all the cases, ram in his reply said there is no pardon to those involved in causing destruction to 12 government offices,court and public property and also those who attacked police personnel.
congress chief rahulgandhi had said that giving farmers rs 17 a day was an insult to all that they stood for.
samajwadi party (sp) spokesman gandhi said the bjp government has misplaced priorities and predicted that farmers' anger would cost them dear in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
pointing out that the rules, if implemented in their letter and spirit, would defeat the very purpose of certain sections of the prevention of cruelty to animals act, siddaramaiah said the rules pertaining to the constitution of animal market monitoring committees and animal market committees would disturb a well established structure, which was in accordance with the karnataka agricultural produce marketing (regulation) act.
compensation from centre for crop loss meagre: cmgulbarga, sep 6, 2014, dhns: 0:25 istchief minister siddaramaiah on saturday said that the compensation received from the central relief fund for natural disasters for crop losses due to floods was meagre.
tamil nadu chief minister edappadik.palaniswami and deputy chief minister o panneerselvam said the dmk party despite being a part of the previous congress-led upa government in the centre betrayed farmers in the state.
he was tired as the government is not listening to us, ram , one of the farmers, told ians.
taking a dig at farm loan waiver schemes in rajasthan and mp where congress had won in recent state elections, pm modi said these agri schemes had fallen flat.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said the decision was historic as the farmers who could not benefit from the loan waiver given by the previous government in 2008-09 have been incorporated in the waiver announced by the present government.
speaking at the inauguration of college of horticulture and laying the foundation stone for student hostels on the university of agriculture sciences campus on ballari road, siddaramaiah said: agriculture universities, which came into being to help develop the agriculture sector, have failed to protect the interests of farmers.
environment minister ram said, if the centre can promise loan waiver for farmers in uttar pradesh if voted to power, why cant they do the same in maharashtra.
in four days, the price crashed from rs 100 per kg to rs 65 per kg, said s ram , a farmer from maharajapuram near tirukkattupalli.
reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the congress comes to power in the state, amarinder said modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban.
punjab cm captain amarindersingh (file photo) punjab cm captain amarindersingh (file photo)the state level bankers committee of punjab friday said the delay in rolling out the farm debt waiver to farmers having accounts in commercial banks was affecting recoveries of commercial banks and had also turned nearly 80 per cent farmers into non-performing assets (npas).
5 lakh crore loans of 15 big industrialists, why cant the loans of farmers be waived, gandhi asked.
lepakshi naidu , a farmer of hosapete taluk, says demonetization left him with no cash to buy pesticide for the chilli crop he had sown.
opposing the land bill, congress vice president gandhi has said that the party would not allow an inch of land to be acquired from farmers and made it clear that they are not in favour of the bill.
not selling produce will bring losses to farmers.
watch what else is making newswe are very disturbed because of the declining off-take from domestic manufacturers  regulatory overreach has created panic and strain on the fcv tobacco farmers in the country, faifa general secretary babu said in a statement.
congress member ram said that the agriculture credit policy was faulty as farmers were not getting the benefit of loans from the cooperative sector, with some crops not being covered by them.
addressing the gathering, nagar nagar , president, farmers wing of tamil maanila congress (tmc) said, about one lakh acres of cash crops in tiruchy and karur districts particularly the annual crops, and banana plantation are on the verge of withering.
no incentive for sugarcane farmers, says cmmandya: oct 18, 2014, dhns: 23:22 istchief minister ram said, no incentive will be paid to sugarcane farmers like last year as a committee has been formed to fix price for the produce.
questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers, amarinder singh asked, if a bankrupt state like punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver, why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme?
punjab chief minister amarinder singh said the farming community faced a crisis due to the indifferent attitude of the centre.
replying to a question on what he thought about fadnavis refusal to grant loan waiver to farmers at a meet the press programme organised by the nagpur union of working journalists, pawar said, i dont think a complete loan waiver is a good idea.
had they fixed the minimum support price (msp) of crops earlier, the farmers would not have fallen into the debt trap at all, said modi adding that his government had taken initiatives including fixing msp for 22 crops to double farmers income in the days to come.
the badal father-son duo seems to be suffering from selective hearing and amnesia, said amarindersingh on friday, reacting to the badals allegation that he had backtracked on his farm loan waiver promise.
various studies undertaken to understand the extent of farm debt in punjab had found that farm labourers were one of the most badly-hit class and should be considered for suitable relief in any loan waiver scheme, amarinder said and criticised opposition parties and some kisan unions for spreading false propaganda on the issues faced by farmers.
barnala deputy commissioner ghanshyamthori said suicide of 27 farmers and farm labourers, because of debt have been approved as per direction of the department of revenue, rehabilitation and disaster management.
only 80,000 of four lakh farmers got crop loans this kharif season under the governments restructured crop loan scheme.
gandhi said the modi government has waived off loans of big industrialists but when farmers want the waiver of their loans, where the amount involved in much less, jaitley would not oblige.
without mentioning the modi's speech at kushinagar, where he also criticised the sp government for not implementing centre's farmer welfare schemes, akhileshyadav said the modi government has failed to fulfill its promises for agra.
at a rally in east midnapore yesterday, mamatabanerjee told the gathering, largely constituting farmers, that fdi and fertiliser price hikes would ruin them and leave them landless.
regarding scrapping criminal cases pending against the farmers for staging demonstration to press for their various demands, siddaramaiah said he would take the decision after reviewing the cases.
cag report found that about 25-30 lakh people who got loan waiver were not even eligible for it, modi said at a rally at vijaypur here.
after shiv sena relaunched its attack on the state government over loan waivers, chief minister devendra fadnavis said the demand to completely waive farm loans could not be granted immediately as it will collapse the fiscal discipline.
citing media reports on loan waiver for farmers, modi said in karnakata, where the congress-jds coalition government is in power, only 800 farmers got mere benefits, is this a joke?
(file)congress president rahul gandhi today said prime minister narendra modi's grand msp increase for farmers is like applying band-aid to a massive haemorrhage.
on the farm loan waiver issue, rahulgandhi said, when they were in government they waived rs 70,000 crore in loan waiver and recalled the bjp mps criticism against the same.
modi said, the number of farmers suicides in vidarbha alone surpasses the total number of soldiers killed in the battlefield.
continuing with his attack on pm for making false promises, rahul asked, narendra modi ne dhai saal mein kamjor, yuva, kisan aur majdoor ke liye kya kiya (in the past two-and-a-half years, what has modi for the weaker section, youth, farmers or labourers)?
though high yielding maize hybrids, coupled with increase in area under maize cultivation, holds great promise, the same is not viable for the farmers in the absence of assured procurement at msp, said captain amarindersingh , seeking financial support from the centre for farmers compelled to sell their maize produce at a price lower than the msp.
siddaramaiah said that yeddyurappa has double standards when it comes to farmers issue.
misuse of relief amountearlier in the day, speaking to reporters at the ram airport at mandakalli in mysuru, ram said on friday that there was no question of protecting any tainted persons over embezzlement of relief amount meant for farmers for land acquired from them.
responding to a question on the police firing on farmers in madhya pradesh, naidu said the problem being faced by farmers now has not been created overnight.
talking to journalists after being stopped, gandhi said, the narendra modi government and the shivraj singh chouhan government are both anti-farmer.
when sheikhamma bi, a farmer, told the chief minister that they were getting wages only once in 15 days, ram told her that he would see to it that the workers get paid every week.
often, there would be unannounced power cuts too, said r jain , a farmer, who participated in the protest.
it said such a step would lead to a fiscal collapse and not benefit farmers.
(source: ani/twitter)as the farmers protests spread closer to bhopal on friday, three days after five were killed in police firing in mandsaur, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced that he would begin an indefinite fast on saturday, until peace is restored in the state.
chief minister ram had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes, but he has not bothered to safeguard the interest of farmers.
on crop loss, siddaramaiah said, the state has suffered a crop loss of rs 7,000 crore in rabi season.
parkash singh badal said that the current provisions of the act were archaic and needed immediate amendments in the larger interests of the farmers.
rahul, during an interactive session with farmers in gannaur in haryana, said farmers in kutch were crying when they met him.
union home minister rajnathsingh on thursday said there were reports of anti-social elements instigating the madhya pradesh farmers agitation, which led to the police firing that claimed five lives.
when a minister entrusted with the welfare of the farmers cannot relate to their problems and is absolutely indifferent to their plight, one can well imagine which way the country is headed, amarinder said.
in a statement, siddaramaiah said the series of farmer suicides had deeply distressed and pained him.
(source: pti)a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said he is fine with the ipl moving out of the drought-affected maharashtra, his party colleague and bcci secretary anurag thakur on saturday warned that doing so will result in a loss of rs 100 cr for the state.
tiwari said the large number of farmers suicides are basically due to the continuous drought of past three-four years.
farmers in the malaprabha river basin are losing patience since the dispute has been referred to a tribunal which could take a long time to deliver its final order, siddaramaiah said.
siddaramaiah said that though many states are reeling under severe drought, the centre has not announced any benefit to manage the situation.
bhopal: facing heat over farmers' agitation, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan today said he will sit on a fast tomorrow at the dussehra maidan in the state capital and hear the grievances of the cultivators.
magisterial probe into kudagi firingbelgaum, july 7, 2014, dhns: 1:50 istchief minister siddaramaiah on sunday said the government has ordered a magisterial inquiry into the police firing in which two farmers sustained bullet injuries, but ruled out shelving of the thermal power plant project, which is facing opposition by farmers.
speaking on the issue, chavan said, farmers are not getting loan waiver or crop insurance and cannot even avail crop loans.
addressing a rally in uttar pradesh's bahraich district, gandhi said: the bjp is, in fact, insulting the farmers in the name of the kisan samman yojana, which the prime minister discusses very much, as it will give only rs 3.
ruing failure of congress to provide crop insurance to the gujarat farmers in the face of bad monsoon last year,modi asked whether money for the crop insurance had met the same fate as 2g spectrum and coal reserves.
(file photo) stating that her apprehensions have been proven true, mamatabanerjee said rampant job loss has been reported from across the country with the agriculture and unorganised sectors being the worst hit.
if the company is not purchasing more land in other villages, farmers cannot start an agitation and stop the project, said ram of ramgarh village.
800 farmer suicides in state: cmbengaluru, nov 19, 2015, dhns: 1:00 istchief minister ram on wednesday said as many as 800 farmers had committed suicide in karnataka.
according to the punjab police, farmers allegedly forced the closure of vegetable mandi in ferozpur and in bathinda, farmers owing allegiance to bhartiya kisan union stopped some vehicles carrying milk.
can't release water to tamil nadu, says cmmysuru/bengaluru, sep 6, 2015, dhns: 2:41 istchief minister siddaramaiah said on saturday it would be difficult for the state to release cauvery water to tamil nadu this month owing to severe drought in karnataka.
gorakhpur: chief minister yogiadityanath said on sunday that previous state governments ignored the development of gorakhpur and added that the farmers, too, were affected due to neglect of sugar mills in the region.
addressing a public rally in valsad district of gujarat, gandhi also claimed that the modi government refused to waive farmers' loans but wrote off rs 3.
the bjp-led government at the centre has been meting out step-motherly treatment to punjabs farmers in a bid to undermine the congress government in the state, said amarindersingh , citing the centres decision to divert gunny bags to haryana and imposition of value cut on msp for the wheat procured under the relaxed specifications in the state during the rabi season in 2019-20.
hemant said initially prime minister narendramodi had said that his government would safeguard farmers' land, but later tried to bring in land acquisition bill to usurp farmland.
comparing the pm-kisan to the congress' minimum income guarantee scheme, nyay, gandhi said: on the other hand, the congress has announced that it will give rs 6,000 per month to the poor households (if voted to power).
returning from his four-day visit to israel, fadnavis told the indian express in mumbai, i have urged the peres centre for peace to help some districts in maharashtra in tackling the agriculture crisis that leads to farmer suicides.
reports said farmers put up barricades to prevent supply of vegetables and milk entering cities.
we apprised cm yogi about the current situation and requested him to do alleviate the plight of our farmers who were framed, ram said.
in an apparent reference to congress, smritiirani said, the naamdaars (dynasts) who ruled for 55 years, have never thought about development of amethi and about farmers.
r ram , 52, a former licensed shrimp farm owner now involved in agriculture, said it is mandatory to register a shrimp farm with the coastal aquaculture authority (caa) and ensure that the coastal regulation zone (crz) is not violated but many farmers do not abide by the regulations, creating a threat to biodiversity by using unrecommended chemical feeders and discharging untreated chemical effluents directly into the lake.
former mp tejaswini ram said that though former chief minister s m krishna did not take any steps to solve farmers issues, he was in the news for trying to change the chief minister.
have faith in the son who hails froma farmer's family, said ram , as he came under fire from the opposition bjp and jds who have launched anall out offensive against him for allegedly neglecting farmers and having visited the house of even a single victim.
barwani / khargone: former chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on tuesday said kamal nath government cheated farmers in loan waiver scheme and now it will do the same through nyay.
both the governments used to pay rs 400 crore each as insurance premium for kharif and rabi crops, but the farmers were getting compensation worth only rs 150 crore, nitishkumar said.
raising the issue of farmers during zero hour a day after his visit to mandis in punjab, gandhi said he wanted to apprise the house of the pain and problems of the state's farmers whose produce is lying in mandis and is not being procured by the government.
in his address broadcast through air stations across the state, siddaramaiah said 70 farmers had committed suicide since june which was a matter of concern and the suddenrise had remained an enigma to the government itself.
during the debate on the agrarian crisis in assembly on thursday, pawar said the entire episode was serious.
(file photo)the congress government had failed to deliver on its promise to waive farm loans, sad president sukhbirsinghbadal said monday.
interacting with farmers during pagri sambaal kisaana, a programme of jat maha sabha, in faridkot, amarindersingh said: white is unlucky for punjab.
the sc order came a week after karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said the state could not release the river waters when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in the cauvery catchment areas (in karnataka).
bhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan (pti photo) bhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan (pti photo)in the wake of escalating farmers agitation, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan has said he will sit on a fast on saturday in order to bring about peace and that he will hear grievances of the agitated farmers, who have been protesting since june 1 demanding loan waiver and better prices for the farm produce, among other things.
stating that the government was floundering to account the actual energy consumed and the transmission and distribution losses, siddaramaiah said farmers continue to consume maximum power when compared to farmers of other states.
speaking at the programme, siddaramaiah said banks have been strictly told not to serve notices on farmers, demanding repayment of loans till the region receives a good spell of rains and yield.
mumbai: the state has decided to stay recovery of power bills run up by farmers given their current hardships, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the assembly on thursday.
the centres new notification imposing restrictions on cattle trade will cause an enormous financial burden on farmers, thereby further contributing to the agrarian crisis, karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah has said in a letter to prime minister narendra modi.
it has not given funds for drinking water and fodder, which we had sought, siddaramaiah said, adding that the state would spend any amount of money to meet the requirements of drinking water and fodder during drought.
while modi has failed to help us, rahul gandhi was here to assuage our pain, said ram , a wheat farmer at khanna wholesale market in the northern indian state of punjab.
addressing farmers in the state through all india radio from bengaluru, siddaramaiah said it had come to the fore that the dramatic rise in farmer suicides in the last few days was due to their exploitation by mercenary moneylenders charging high rates of interest.
instead of waiting for the unions move to waive off farm loans, siddaramaiah should announce the states decision.
suicide not a solutioncommenting on the recent string of farmer suicides in the state, ram said that suicide is not a solution.
terming the government as anti-farmer and anti-poor, rahul said it does not want to acquire land in bundelkhand or in the deserts of rajasthan but those near big cities like noida, gurgaon and pune to make money as their prices have been rising.
in his letter to rana, sent on december 2, satya pal singh, who is the bjp mp from baghpat, said farmers are regularly taking up the issue of pending sugarcane dues and that chief minister yogiadityanath had announced twice that their demand must be looked into.
district revenue officer ( dro ) ram told farmers while chairing the monthly farmers grievances meet here on friday.
4.17pm: the congress president says that modis government has not contributed a single rupee towards the farm loan waiver in karnataka.
in response to the bjp leaders demand for the release of a white paper on the funds released by the union government, over the past 13 years  10 years of congress-led upa and three years of the bjp-led nda governments  for tackling the natural calamities like flood and drought, ram said, let them first take steps to release the pending rs 3,300 crore, as per our demand.
during a meeting with party leaders at the party office in guntur on monday, babu said the inefficiency on part of the state government in handling farmer issues led to tillers protest against the government.
he said chief minister park and deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal have announced many a times that the sad is committed to safeguard the waters of punjab and it would go to any length, including sacrificing their own lives, for the safety and security of punjabis in general and farmers in particular.
tough to waive crop loans, says siddaramaiahbengaluru, feb 28, 2016, dhns: 1:54 istchief minister siddaramaiah , who held a pre-budget meeting with farmer leaders and representatives on saturday, said that it would be difficult for the state government to waive crop loans entirely.
fadnavis, who was in yavatmal district, the epicentre of farmer suicides in the state, also expressed his unhappiness over the inordinate delay in completion of work and listed out all the problems voiced by the villagers.
punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals on thursday said anyone found guilty of supplying spurious pesticides to the cotton cultivators in the state would not be spared at any cost.
he hit out at union minister harsimrat kaur badal, accusing her of failing to protect the interest of punjab farmers despite being a part of the centre.
chief minister siddaramaiah had said that the production of foodgrains in the state has declined by 15,000 tonnes, but he has not bothered to safeguard the interest of farmers.
congress chiefs charge that farmers did not get narmada waters irks cmtargeting congress chief sonia gandhi once again,chief minister modi on friday said she had not done her homework and offered assistance in drafting her speeches.
the low water level has also impacted the agriculture operation under the command area, siddaramaiah said.
ap announces debt cut for farmershyderabad, dec 4, 2014, dhns: 1:08 istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of andhra pradesh, chief minister nara babu announced waiver of loan not exceeding rs 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013.
the chief minister said despite repeated pleas by punjab and other state governments, the central government has failed to come to the farming communitys rescue.
gundlupet government veterinary officer dr ram said due to drought over the past few years,the disease has spread.
he added, pawar, who hails from maharashtra which has recorded the highest number of farmers suicides, cannot absolve himself of the responsibilities as he also happens to be the union agriculture minister.
stating that the government was floundering to account the actual energy consumed and the transmission and distribution losses, ram said farmers continue to consume maximum power when compared to farmers of other states.
can't release water to tamil nadu, says cmmysuru/bengaluru, sep 6, 2015, dhns: 2:41 istchief minister ram said on saturday it would be difficult for the state to release cauvery water to tamil nadu this month owing to severe drought in karnataka.
as infrastructural jobs reach rural india, the dependency on agriculture may come down, ram said.
addressing a press conference in bengaluru, ram said prime minister narendra modi had recently spoken about doubling the income of farmers by 2022, but no measure to make it a reality was reflected in the budget.
the farmers are suffering as a result of the central governments failure to waive their debts, which many state governments, including punjab, have repeatedly sought, he said.
recalling yeddyurappas tenure as chief minister, siddaramaiah said that, when congress leader v s ugrappa asked yeddyurappa, the then chief minister, to waive off farm loans in the legislative council, yeddyurappa said that he had no note printing machine.
who is playing with the lives of farmers when the agriculture minister says that the centre has received no request for help for farmers?
speaking to reporters at the kpcc office, state congress president g ram said vested interests had unnecessarily created confusion on the issue of giving a cheque to family members of a farmer who committed suicide.
during a debate in the assembly on drought situation in the state on the first day of the budget session on thursday, ram ram claimed that ysr interest-free loan scheme, announced by the chief minister, was nothing new, but an old one introduced by the kiran kumar reddy government and that the tdp government continued the same after 2014.
siddaramaiah said an all-party delegation will soon be taken to prime minister narendra modi, urging him to come to the rescue of the farmers.
siddaramaiah said karnataka had urged the centre for a drought-relief package of rs 1,416 crore in january, but nothing had come so far.
however, as many as 14 farmers of the village ended their lives because of crop failures and debts.
dismissing the farmers protests, union agriculture minister radha mohan singh said, to get the medias spotlight, people are doing stunts, trying to do something unique.
(source: pti) devendrafadnavis had said he is fine with ipl moving out of the drought hit maharashtra.
have faith in the son who hails froma farmer's family, said siddaramaiah , as he came under fire from the opposition bjp and jds who have launched anall out offensive against him for allegedly neglecting farmers and having visited the house of even a single victim.
noting that the congress always supported the struggle of farmer, siddaramaiah said that farmers in the state have been facing injustice since 1924.
singh: action timenew delhi, march 7: prime minister manmohansingh today asked a group of ministers to review the cotton export ban following protests by farmers and complaints from agriculture minister sharad pawar, who said he was kept in the dark about the decision.
chief minister siddaramaiah , while replying to a debate on the issue in the assembly, said the arecanut farmers need not panic following the ban.
saying that the pm calls neerav modi and mehul chauksey his bhai, gandhi told farmers to ask the pm as to how many jobs his pet industrialists have created.
when sheikhamma bi, a farmer, told the chief minister that they were getting wages only once in 15 days, siddaramaiah told her that he would see to it that the workers get paid every week.
fadnavis said while the congress-ncp government boasted of low-interest loans to the farmers, it paid no heed to other aspects such as fertilisers, seeds, water pumps, irrigation facilities that added to the production cost and drove the farmers to land into debt traps.
if demonetisation is beneficial for the common man, then why are the shopkeepers, farmers and labourers suffering so much, mamatabanerjee asked the crowd present at the meeting.
recalling how the heavy monsoons this year had ruined arecanut crops in the coastal region, ram said that the scientists from university of agriculture sciences must come up with innovative technologies.
asked about farmers converging in delhi to press their demands, gandhi said such freedom does not exist in countries such as russia, china or saudi arabia.
we will raise this topic in parliament as well, gandhi told media after meeting with the farmers.
fadnavis said farmer suicides could not be stopped with loan waivers.
magisterial probe into kudagi firingbelgaum, july 7, 2014, dhns: 1:50 istchief minister ram on sunday said the government has ordered a magisterial inquiry into the police firing in which two farmers sustained bullet injuries, but ruled out shelving of the thermal power plant project, which is facing opposition by farmers.
congress chiefs charge that farmers did not get narmada waters irks cmtargeting congress chief sonia gandhi once again,chief minister narendramodi on friday said she had not done her homework and offered assistance in drafting her speeches.
they don't have money for farmers' loan waiver but they can waive loans of india's 15 richest industrialists, gandhi said.
during a meeting with party leaders at the party office in guntur on monday, naidu said the inefficiency on part of the state government in handling farmer issues led to tillers protest against the government.
modi claimed the government had made tall promises to farmers, but was now offering only lollipops.
fadnavis announced the rs 34,022 crore loan waiver scheme for 89 lakh farmers, but could not take credit due to the bureaucracys casual approach.
taking a dig at congress-led punjab government, modi said, in punjab too congress has fooled farmers to grab power.
madhya pradesh farmers protest: chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said on friday he will sit on a fast.
rampant job loss has been reported across the country with the agriculture and unorganised sector in worst shape, mamatabanerjee said.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday his government was willing to discuss the farmers issue with anyone provided they do not have a political agenda as they continued their protests even after he announced a farm loan waiver for small and marginal farmers in the state.
although jalpaiguri district magistrate smaraki ram said she would probe into the case, kin and relatives of the deceased farmer sense that the government would never accept the fact that robin had committed suicide due to the burden of debt on him.
party senior spokesperson c p ram said the modi government in three years of being in power has put the agriculture sector in the icu as it is gripped with widespread distress and farmers are committing suicide due to bjps anti-farmer policies and its callous approach.
in response to the bjp leaders demand for the release of a white paper on the funds released by the union government, over the past 13 years  10 years of congress-led upa and three years of the bjp-led nda governments  for tackling the natural calamities like flood and drought, siddaramaiah said, let them first take steps to release the pending rs 3,300 crore, as per our demand.
countering the allegation, fadnavis said his government had allocated over rs 18,000 crore for farm relief, including rs 8,000 crore that were distributed last year, and the remaining that were earmarked in december, while alleging that the previous regime had spent just rs 5000 crore in 15 years.
karnataka was not releasing water for its own farmers, as the available storage has been reserved to meet the drinking water needs of bengaluru and other cities, ram told the team of 20 farmers associations from tamil nadu, led by former rajya sabha mp and the leader of dmks farmers wing, kp ramalingam.
he said chief minister parkashsinghbadal and deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal have announced many a times that the sad is committed to safeguard the waters of punjab and it would go to any length, including sacrificing their own lives, for the safety and security of punjabis in general and farmers in particular.
the cooperative banks in rural areas, where most of the farmers and daily wagers have accounts, are not permitted to exchange old currency, babu said.
modi said the congress promised to waive farmers' loans in karnataka, but instead of doing so, issued warrants against peasants and sent them to jail.
the farmers are suffering as a result of the central governments failure to waive their debts, which many state governments, including punjab , have repeatedly sought, he said.
siddaramaiah said the cooperative sector that is so critical in servicing the farmers and the rural folk virtually came to stand still because of demonetisation.
us sey unka bhi fayeda hoga (it is a political advice for arun jaitley for his own good), rahul said adding that such a budget would help farmers knows how much government has set aside for flood, drought, or to assist him with grains, vegetables.
opposition leader ram ram said the cabinet should take a decision on it without passing the ball to the kerala state farmers debt relief commission.
state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar on wednesday said the revenue deficit of over rs. 15,000 crore in the 2018-19 maharashtra budget is a result of the farm loan waiver scheme and other expenditure in the agriculture sector.
congress chief gandhi had said that giving farmers rs 17 a day was an insult to all that they stood for.
captain amarindersingh , who was part of the congress delegation led by partys national vice president rahul gandhi, said farmers, burdened with loans, were committing suicide in punjab and other parts of the country.
in the past three years, bill recoveries had been stayed on account of the drought and other crises faced by the farm sector, fadnavis said.
crippled with debts, farmers could not repay the crop loans this season owing to crop failure and are apprehensive that they would not get fresh loans in the ensuing kharif season.
fadnavis said the state has been facing drought for four consecutive years.
prime minister manmohan singh says that 70 per cent farmers are not required, and should be moved out of agriculture.
chief minister siddaramaiah who was in a hurry to return to the state capital to chair an all party meeting, said the government decided to keep the festivities low key as the state is battling continuous droughts.
a cag report found that about 25-30 lakh people who got loan waiver were not even eligible for it, modi said at a rally at vijaypur in jammu.
modi asked hollande to forget the rs 526 crore deal and instead take rs 1,600 crore and give the contract to anil ambani modi put rs 30,000 crore in anil ambanis pocket and just rs 17 for farmers families in india.
the cm demanded radha mohan singhs resignation saying that he did not connect with the farmers woes.
file picturenew delhi: union agriculture minister radha mohan singh on saturday termed the two-day-old farmer agitation a publicity stunt, prompting accusations of insensitivity and of insulting the farmers.
urging people to shout his oft-repeated slogan against modi and raising farmers issue during the address, gandhi claimed that the pm had duped farmers and looted people of india to give rs 30,000 crore to anil ambani.
maharashtra chief minister prithvirajchavan today said suspended work of the contentious closed water pipeline project at maval,which led to a violent protest recently,would not be recommenced till the misgivings of the affected farmers were removed.
help promised to farmersaddressing the gathering on the occasion, ram said the government was celebrating the occasion with a heavy heart in the wake of the farmers suicides in the state.
when asked about union agriculture minsiter radha mohan singh's controversial statement that love affairs were a cause for farmers' suicide, ram said it was being misinterpreted.
magisterial probe into farmer suicide orderedbelgaum, nov 28, 2013, dhns: 2:42 istchief minister ram on thursday announced a magisterial probe into the death of sugarcane grower vithal bheemappa arabhavi amid opposition allegation that the state government was responsible for the farmers suicide and the demand for his resignation.
recalling how the heavy monsoons this year had ruined arecanut crops in the coastal region, siddaramaiah said that the scientists from university of agriculture sciences must come up with innovative technologies.
on reports that potato farmers were throwing their produce on roads in the state capital, yogiadityanath said, it (the reports) was an effort to give a message that government was not concerned about the potato growers, while this is the first government which has declared minimum support price for potato.
asked whether farmers would had to give up hopes of cultivation in the given situation in most parts of the state, park said, rainy season is like gambling.
making a statement in the assembly later in the day, ram said: it is not possible to release tamil nadus share according to the final award as our farmers very much need water during this four-month period.
in the past three years, bill recoveries had been stayed on account of the drought and other crises faced by the farm sector, fadnavis said.
800 farmer suicides in state: cmbengaluru, nov 19, 2015, dhns: 1:00 istchief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday said as many as 800 farmers had committed suicide in karnataka.
the decision is to facilitate farmers who have not been able to file online applications for various reasons.
bengaluru: , sep 12, 2015, dhns: 1:27 istkarnataka has sought an additional rs 800 crore from the centre under the national and state disaster response fundndrf and sdrfas the drought situation has worsened, said chief minister ram on friday.
in gujarat alone, it cost the farmers financial loss up to rs 7,000 crore.
the condition of farmers and agriculture at present is a result of decades of neglect by those (previous governments) who believed in shortcuts and treated the peasants as mere vote bank, modi said.
prime minister narendra modi has deceived the farmers by making false promises.
criticising the diesel price hike,chief minister modi on thursday said it would affect farmers the most.
agriculture minister tota singh said: we have been maintaining records of all suicides on our own since 2011, so there is no need for a fresh survey.
holding private money lenders responsible for most instances of farmer suicides in the region, siddaramaiah said stern action will be taken against them.
the pmfby has expanded the insurance cover to crop loss due to hailstorm, land slide and inundation of farms, modi said adding the scheme would also extend to post-harvest losses due to cyclonic and unseasonal rains.
after this they forget panth, punjab and all issues, including those of the farmers and return empty handed, jakhar alleged.
regarding scrapping criminal cases pending against the farmers for staging demonstration to press for their various demands, ram said he would take the decision after reviewing the cases.
in an indirect but obvious reference to nehru, modi said the leader who wore a rose knew about gardens but not farmers or farming.
congress mla sadanand singh said the bjp has been ridiculing the distressed farmers instead of solving their problems.
we could work as coolies but this year there is no work due to the drought, says b ram , a farmer from kambaladinne in pedda kadubur mandal.
on crop loss, ram said, the state has suffered a crop loss of rs 7,000 crore in rabi season.
by ptileh: attacking the congress over its promise of farm loan waiver, prime minister modi said on sunday that the party uses the measure only to win elections.
speaking at an interaction with farmers, elected representatives of the two districts and officers here on sunday, ram said farmers should exercise restraint in use of water resources as any irrigation project aimed at permanent solution would require five to 10 years for implementation.
again, in response to shekhars query on why the government does not waive off loans for farmers as it has done for corporate houses, arunjaitley said the government has not waived off loans to corporate houses.
it will do nothing for poor farmers, he added.
siddaramaiah said that due to adverse climactic effects, including scanty rain, several parts of the state are constantly facing drought-like situation.
responding to a question, manoharlalkhattar said those who are stopping farmers from bringing their produce to markets and forcing them to throw them on roads, would be sternly dealt with.
this apathy is hitting farmers hard, said tiwari.
the prices of the cattle have also shot up, said nagar , a farmer from devanahalli taluk.
when modijis government came, farmers were promised full help, but across the country farmers are committing suicide, gandhi said.
after the hailstorm and heavy rains, farmers of northern india are in distress.
calling the new rules as unconstitutional, ram said that when the cattle grow old and become unproductive for farmers, the new rules prevent farmers from selling them.
jai park said the farmers, already reeling from the lower price, feel cheated by the government for not offering adequate compensation for the land.
taking dig at the functioning of congress governments,modi said when five chickens were loaned to farmers,their meat was eaten by the officials.
while ram told reporters that the memorandum submitted by the state, asking for a financial assistance of rs 11,492 crore, has little to do with drought and more to do with structural programmes, pawar said that karnataka stood at a far comfortable position than what has been projected by shettar.
launching a tirade against the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) government, siddaramaiah said: modi government is anti-farmer and it is evident with the changes brought to the act, only to benefit the corporates.
new delhi, june 11: prime minister modi today said improving agriculture productivity through modern farm techniques and university-farmer collaboration held the key to check price rise.
beyond that as the central government, i have nothing to say, arunjaitley told reporters when asked if the centre will intervene on the issue of farm loan waivers and related protests.
on a days visit to odisha to participate in sabka saath sabka vikas (sssv) sammelan and other programmes organised by bjp to celebrate completion of three years by narendra modi government at the centre, naidu said waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual state.
methods like per drop, more crop of irrigation are vital and have helped farmers immensely, modi said.
(source: express photo by rana simranjit singh)punjab chief minister park on saturday said people need to understand that the state government does have its limitations when dealing with certain issues, particularly those related to farmers.
government ready to include ragi, jowar under pdsbangalore, july 10, 2013, dhns: 1:52 istthe state government is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers are willing to grow more of these crops and sell them to it, chief minister siddaramaiah said on wednesday.
farmers belonging to schedule castes, schedule tribes will continue to get reservations in accordance with constitutional provisions.
he said while punjab was giving waiver of rs 2 lakh, the maharashtra government had announced loan waiver of rs 1.5 lakh, uttar pradesh and madhya pradesh rs 1 lakh each whereas rajasthan and karnataka government had announce waiver of rs 50,000 each.
on a day's visit to participate in the sabka saath sabka vikas (sssv) sammelan and other programmes organised by the bjp to mark three years of the narendra modi government at the centre, ram said the waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual states.
while enlisting the measures taken by his government for the welfare of the farmers, a combative modi told the gathering, you would have seen in the recent past, there is attack on me all the time.
replying to a query on union agriculture minister radha mohan singhs statement that love affairs were the cause of farmer suicides, naidu said, i have gone through the statement.
we have to understand the problems farmers are facing, said modi.
ahead of the summit, prime minister modi has said that india's areas of focus in africa will continue to be human resource development, institution building, infrastructure, clean energy, agriculture, health, education and skill development.
speaking after laying the foundation stone for the helicopter manufacturing facility of the hindustan aeronautics limited at bidarehalla kaval in gubbi taluk of tumakuru district on sunday, modi said that the country had achieved self-sufficiency in food production due to hard work of farmers and it was now time to become self sufficient in meeting defence needs.
successive crop failure and expenditure on health, marriages and other social ceremonies are major reasons for indebtedness of farmers in the country, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said during question hour.
new delhi: vice-president naidu expressed his happiness at 15 farmers being recognised with padma awards announced on the eve of republic day saluting the efforts of these farmers in a series of tweets on saturday, naidu said, extremely delighted and happy that for the first time in india, 15 outstanding individuals who have done exceptional work in the field of agriculture and allied services are recognised, respected and honoured with padma awards.
union minister mukhtarabbasnaqvi told reporters that the mps were very enthusiastic about the budget as it will empower villages, farmers and youth.
delivering the 38th edition of his 'mann ki baat', prime minister modi said, can our farmers take a pledge to bring down urea use by half by 2022?
expressing the need to strengthen agriculture,modi said india was fast losing its identity as an agricultural nation.
at a meeting held with senior bureaucrats, fadnavis said maharashtra would have to rise to the challenge posed by natural calamity, that has adversely hit 90 lakh farmers.
for economic development of the contry, there should be three pillars  agriculture, industry and service sector, modi said.
our special correspondentpatna: deputy chief minister modi on friday said bihar was bound to script a revolution in the agriculture sector.
whatever time is left, modiji talks about himself, as he has run out of the issues to talk about, said gandhi , asking the pm to devote two minutes for farmers and people of gujarat.
chief minister mamatabanerjee announced this on tuesday while speaking at a programme in kolkata, which was organised to felicitate farmers for their contribution in agriculture.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis on thursday said the bharatiya janata party (bjp) was prepared for mid-term polls in the state, remarks that come as both friends and foes have sought to corner his government on the issue of farm-loan waiver.
i myself being a son of a farmer, i empathise with you, siddaramaiah said, while appealing to them not to allow their mind to be weakenedby distress.
we should have sustainable agricultural production and work towards removing regional imbalances, said modi.
lucknow: chief minister yogiadityanath on monday announced that the uttar pradesh government would not impose any new tax on public in the ongoing financial year, despite financial burden of farmer loan waiver and plan to expedite other infrastructure projects.
(source: ani) mandsaur farmers protest: union minister naidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
it is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods, ram said.
replying to queries from the media on tuesday as to whether the governor had rejected the governments recommendation, chief minister siddaramaiah in kolar said, i have not seen the letter sent by the governors office as i was in ballari to monitor drought relief work on monday.
we told farmers what we could do in five years and we did it, naidu said and sat back, while the chief minister was found laughing at the reaction of the former.
instead of joining the journey of the states development,they continue to spread lies, modi said while addressing farmers at the launch of 9th krishi mahotsav 2013 in radhanpur,patan district.
underlining the vision of doubling the income of farmers by 2022, the 75th independence of the country, modi said, from this land of uttar pradesh, i urge all the states to give priority to agriculture and then see the changes.
siddaramaiah said, agriculture, industry and service sectors are the major contributors to the gdp.
the cultivation of vegetables has now become an attractive work, said park , who also cultivates flowers in small beds on his agriculture land and had also received a district-level award in 2013-14 for the same.
praising the bharatiya janata party (bjp) government under raman singh in the state, modi said it had ensured soil health cards for 75 lakh farmers, adding in a sarcastic vein that the congress had failed to provide health cards to humans.
central team to be sent to karnataka to assess drought: pmnew delhi, aug 24, 2015, (pti) 19:18 ista central team is being sent to karnataka soon to assess the drought situation there, prime minister narendramodi told an all-party delegation from the state led by chief minister siddaramaiah which raised the matter along with a number of other issues.
stating that five teams of bjp leaders are visiting drought-hit taluks to assess the ground reality, kumarravi said that a report would be submitted to the union government on prevailing condition in the state.
on tuesday, chief minister ram had said he had not seen the file sent by the governors office as he was in ballari to monitor drought relief work.
taking note of the escalating violence, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced that he would observe an indefinite fast at the bhel dussehra maidan in bhopal from 11 am on saturday to bring farmer leaders to the table for peaceful negotiations.
by iansjaipur: the time has come to usher in another green revolution and the congress will do it if comes to power after the lok sabha polls, congress president gandhi said at a farmers' outreach here on wednesday.
however, a complete loan waiver in maharashtra would require rs 24,000 crore, sources indicated.
we told farmers what we could do in five years and we did it, ram said and sat back, while the chief minister was found laughing at the reaction of the former.
2.48pm: the food we eat is all due to the efforts of our farmers and their families, not rich businessmen.
on the moves to amend the land acquisition act passed in 2013 during the upa rule, modi again said rumours were being circulated that compensation to farmers is being reduced.
the country has about 12-14 crore farmers.
no objectionearlier, agriculture minister ram said his department had no objection to the proposal to supply ragi and jowar through the pds.
he also spoke about the special task force constituted by the union ministry of finance to directly link subsidies on lpg, kerosene and fertilizers with aadhaar number holders.
our special correspondentpatna: deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi on friday said bihar was bound to script a revolution in the agriculture sector.
in your idea,money does not grow on trees,but in our idea money is grown by farmers in their fields, modi said.
gandhi said no one could silence the voice of farmers.
following this, devendrafadnavis has asked the finance secretary of the state to study the up model on the basis of which loan waiver was declared.
(express archive)skill development training can promote economically self-reliant entrepreneurs and beat unemployment through job creation in diverse sectors, including agriculture and industries, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday interacting with iti students.
this is my assurance to you (farmers), amarindersingh said.
drought management was a challenge that my government faced with.
modi, then the bjps pm face, had held discussions at dabhadi with farmers at chai pe charcha, an interactive event that was part of the bjps campaign.
it will create new job opportunities, help economic growth and support the farmers income generation, modi said.
the dasara fest is special this year as it is being held after rain gods blessed the state with bountiful rains during the monsoon to ensure a bumper harvest to farmers and prosperity to the 60 million people of karnataka, ram told reporters on the occasion.
pti file photoa day after data showed indias key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
addressing 2,279 sms at a workshop on agriculture expansion and rebirth for them, nitishkumar said the state was continuously experiencing climate changes.
to make karnataka a beacon of hope for farmers all across india, he said.
he (badal ) is the living legend who stood up and fought for the interests of farmers throughout his life, modi said.
the farmers main demand was rights over forest land, and fadnavis told them the issue would be resolved within six months.
stating that he was himself a son of a farmer, ram said his government would make farmer welfare its priority.
(source: ani/twitter) madhya pradesh farmers protest: chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said on friday he will sit on a fast.
the animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, arunjaitley said at a press conference, adding, this is the only effect of the notification.
watch what else is making newsinitiatives in the field of health, skill development, infrastructure and agriculture were undertaken in these five villages, manoharlalkhattar said.
prime minister narendramodi had announced the pm crop insurance scheme, the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana, in 2015.
notwithstanding the causes that lead to such incidents, my government is determined to make farmers self-reliant through drastic policy changes in coming years.
taking a strong exception to the cheap political gimmicks of the opposition, manoharlalkhattar said that the opposition earlier criticised me for not meeting the prime minister on the vital issues of the syl canal, gst and the issues of farmers.
when asked if the state government would convene a special session to discuss the drought situation, siddaramaiah said the subject was discussed at length during the earlier legislature session.
chief minister siddaramaiah said that he has directed the cops to release farmers.
there are 25,000 villages, out of the total 40,000 villages in maharashtra, which are drought hit.
though the house has already discussed the issue of unseasonal rains and hailstorm destroying standing crops, the government was ready to have another debate on the plight of the farmers, ram said.
in mandya alone, authorities have registered more than fifty cases, and have seized about 1,000 documents, said siddaramaiah , who is on a visit to mandya and mysore districts to comfort families of farmers who have committed suicide.
reviewing the situation, chief minister naveenpatnaik asked the agriculture and allied departments to prepare a contingency plan and get prepared for any eventuality.
(pti file photo, file) madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister naidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
as per the constitutional allocation of powers, the central government has no jurisdiction to impose tax on agricultural income, arunjaitley said in a statement.
prime minister modi had recently said the new uttar pradesh government would take a decision on a loan waiver scheme for farmers of the state.
briefing reporters after holding a meeting to review the drought and flood situation in the state, ram said the food grain target for the 2014-15 was 135 lakh tonnes, but the actual production could be somewhere around 125 lakh tonnes.
the animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, arunjaitley said, adding that this is the only effect of the notification.
on his way to haveri, siddaramaiah told mediapersons at the airport here on thursday that only 20 per cent of farmers have borrowed from cooperative sector, while 80 per cent of loans are from the nationalised banks.
agriculture and policy expert devinder ram said that difficulty in getting claims and a lower amount of claims made in many cases are some of the main reasons behind the reduction in the number of beneficiaries.
agriculture joint director g ram said that paddy crops in 600 hectares had been inundated in the ichchapruam region including kaviti and kanchili mandals.
us sey unka bhi fayeda hoga (it is a political advice for arun jaitley for his own good), rahul said adding that such a budget would help farmers knows how much government has set aside for flood, drought, or to assist him with grains, vegetables.
congmen to tour drought-hit areas on sept 3bangalore:, aug 27, 2012, dhns: 23:52 istcongress leaders will tour drought-hit regions in the state between september 3 and 10 to assess the situation, said karnataka pradesh congress committee (kpcc) president g ram on monday.
about the steps taken by government to protect farmers like setting up of enforcement cells at district level to keep a check on private money lenders and repayment of dues to sugarcane farmers, siddaramaiah said government is planning to constitute an expert committee.
continuing his drive to directly connect with the beneficiaries of his governments pet schemes, prime minister modi today said he will on june 20 speak to farmers on issues concerning them and the agriculture sector.
commenting on the stalemate in parliament, finance minister arunjaitley said yesterday that there were many issues like floods and agricultural issues which rajya sabha members wanted to raise.
compensation to farmers after joint survey report: cmapril 18, 2015, gangavati (koppal dist), dhns 2:32 istcompensation to farmers for the crops they have lost to unseasonal rain in five districts of the hyderabad-karnataka region would be given once officials of agriculture and revenue departments conduct a joint survey and submit a detailed report, chief minister siddaramaiah said on friday.
20pm: modi says that the five aspects of congress rule are dynasty politics, corruption , rampant lawlessness, agrarian distress and division of society.
in a letter to the pm, amarindersingh said the total farm debt in punjab is more than rs 80,000 crore, including the crop loans of rs 12,500 in the cooperative sector.
to send a message to farmers, who are in the habit of raising loans, ram said, barring my father, who had obtained loan once from a pld bank, nobody in our undivided family has availed loans.
in a letter to union environment minister jairam ramesh, nitishkumar said: the social acceptability of bt crops in the farming community continues to be an issue.
apcthe proposed agriculture price commission (apc) was before the cabinet subcommittee, ram said.
yavatmal reports the highest number of farmer suicides in the country.
recently, chief minister devendrafadnavis had told the state assembly that at least 86 hectare of land and 82 lakh farmers in 151 talukas and 20 revenue circles were affected by drought this year, which means at least 60 per cent of farmers have been hit by drought.
if rains continue for the next few hours, our fields will be submerged completely, said r naidu , a farmer from ln peta mandal.
central teams will be visiting the drought hit areas on november 7 and 8, siddaramaiah said.
no cabinet rejig before drought review: cmmysuru: april 23, 2016, dhns: 1:43 istchief minister ram has said that the cabinet would be reshuffled only after the review of drought situation in the state.
about 33 lakh farmers have obtained farm loans worth rs 42,000cr from nationalised banks and 23 lakh farmers have drawn loans worth rs10,500cr through co-operative banks in the state, ram said.
badal said that the massive hike in the cost of agricultural inputs coupled with the non-remunerative msp has broken the backbone of the farmers due to which there was dire need for adopting crop diversification in state.
fadnavis said, even if a single farmer is driven to end his life it is extremely painful and not acceptable in a state like maharashtra.
swaraj abhiyan copying our moveson being asked whether yogendra yadav-led swaraj abhiyan has stolen the march over aap by planning to file a petition in the supreme court regarding farmer suicide in the region, sucha singh said certain political parties were merely following their steps in order to address the suicide issue.
instead of waiting for the unions move to waive off farm loans, ram should announce the states decision.
cm devendrafadnavis , unfazed by the criticism, said depletion of groundwater level is bound to happen in a year when the state was staring at a drought.
read | not going back to ballot paper: chief election commissionerraking up the rafale deal which he alleges to be the india's biggest defence scam, gandhi also said that agrarian crisis, unemployment and the attacks on democratic institutions along with modi's corruption in the jets deal will be the core issues in the upcoming lok sabha polls.
this is my assurance to you (farmers), amarinder said.
b m mallikarjuna babu , assistant director of the horticulture department, said farmers should mix 2 ml of quinolphos to one litre of water, before sprinkling the mixture to the trees.
farmers will be able to sell their produce directly to factories.
with over 100 farmers committing suicide in karnataka for the past one month due to agriculture-related crises, we want to know what steps the congress-ruled state has taken to mitigate the problem, ram told deccan herald.
talking to toi from yavatmal after a crop review meeting, tiwari said psu banks have reached barely 7% of their crop loan target in the district.
confirming the date of the meeting, chief secretary nagar also said that other proposals besides the loan waiver will be finalised on monday.
when asked about the bjps stand on mahadayi and the farmers protests against his party on the issue, mr. shah said: if the bjp assumes power after the assembly polls, the new government will find a workable solution.
according to the department of agriculture, the state has registered 600 cases of farmer suicides between january and april 2014.
later, at a party event at which former vice-chancellor of the university of agricultural sciences, dr r dwarkeenath, was feted, siddaramaiah said he and modi were poles apart.
siddaramaiah said previously 100 or 200 farmers would commit suicide a year and 48 such incidents were reported during 2014-15 but the incidence saw a rise since june.
chief minister ram reportedly said on wednesday that the farmer had died due to excessive consumption of liquor and that his government was not responsible for the farmers death.
talking about the condition of agriculture in punjab, he said the traditional crops were not beneficial because the input cost was higher than output.
the low water level has also impacted the agriculture operation under the command area, ram said.
the loan waiver will affect government-owned and cooperative banks.
on his way to haveri, ram told mediapersons at the airport here on thursday that only 20 per cent of farmers have borrowed from cooperative sector, while 80 per cent of loans are from the nationalised banks.
k ram ram , deputy station manager, tuggali railway station, says, out of 400 to 500 passengers who leave this station every day, 200 to 300 are farmers and coolies migrating for work.
no differences between cong, jd(s): dy cmtaking a cue from kerala, the cm said he would ask small and marginal farmers to submit documents related to their debts to the deputy commissioners in their districts.
naidu, who also discussed the issue with agriculture minister radhamohan singh, said tobacco and arecanut are two important cash crops in the country and in many parts, the livelihood of farmers depend on them.
ryot leader sunanda ram said farmers in mandya district are suffering due to severe drought and there is no sufficient water in the krs dam.
bengaluru: , sep 12, 2015, dhns: 1:27 istkarnataka has sought an additional rs 800 crore from the centre under the national and state disaster response fundndrf and sdrfas the drought situation has worsened, said chief minister siddaramaiah on friday.
siddaramaiah said 139 taluks in the state have been suffering from drought and the loss is estimated at rs 16,000 crore.
responding to a question from s r vishwanath (bjp), ram said farmers, from whom 1,810 acres had been acquired for the project, would be given an option of either financial compensation or sites.
the schemes announced on friday will have impact on at least 12 crore families of small farmers, pm narendramodi claimed.
answering a query regarding financial package, badal said the state had demanded outstanding debt waiver and refund of rs 2,694 crore paid as interest on special term loan amounting to rs 5,800 crore by the state for fighting militancy.
the punjab chief minister demanded radha mohan singhs resignation saying that he did not connect with the farmers woes.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday the maharashtra government will study the uttar pradesh model of farm loan waiver, amid growing demand from across the political spectrum to help the states distressed farmers.
new delhi, feb 7,2012, dhns: 21:46 istslow progress in manufacturing and agriculture is the reasona concerned finance minister pranabmukherjee said the trend is disappointing and more focus is needed on reaching higher growth trajectory and keeping inflation at a moderate level.
siddaramaiah said an auction system for agricultural markets would also be introduced on the mobile one.
agri credit raised to record rs 10 lakh cr in fy18new delhi, feb 1, 2017, (pti) 12:19 istin a major thrust to agriculture, finance minister arunjaitley today announced a whopping rs 1 lakh crore hike in the credit target for the next fiscal to rs 10 lakh crore as part of the government's efforts to double farm incomes in the next five years.
in his address broadcast through air stations across the state, ram said 70 farmers had committed suicide since june which was a matter of concern and the suddenrise had remained an enigma to the government itself.
i am ecstatic that there would be no levy of gst on services rendered by government, reserve bank of india, public conveniences, educational institution, services relating to agriculture, transmission or distribution of electricity, renting of residential dwelling for use as a residence, burial, healthcare, specified schemes of general insurance etc, mohan said.
(express photo/janak rathod)agitating farmers called off their stir on monday after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government has accepted most of the demands of the farmers.
siddaramaiah told reporters after reviewing the drought situation and relief works in belagavi district at suvarna vidhana soudha on monday that once the drought eases, he would visit delhi to get a green signal for the expansion from the party high command.
the schemes announced on friday will have impact on at least 12 crore families of small farmers, pm modi claimed.
prime minister narendra modi on thursday said his government was open to suggestions from political parties on ways to stop the spate of farmer suicides in the country.
during his 30-minute broadcast, modi said concern over drought is natural as prolonged drought leads to a drop in water table in reservoirs.
farmers are being forced to die miserable deaths, bharatiya janata party (bjp) prime ministerial candidate narendra modi said on thursday in a region which often hits the headlines for farmer suicides.
4:50 pm: home minister rajnathsingh said the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man.
it is, however, essential that cold chain is maintained after treatment of the fruit, said dr rajeshkumar , assistant director, department of agriculture, bihar.
association president ram said, wallajah lake, which is under pwds control, receives water from neyveli mines and villages in this area use the lake water for drinking and agricultural purposes.
liquidity is very important for farmers so that they continue to invest in their agriculture and grow healthy crop, nagar said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the drought-like situation last week in 180 of 355 talukas of the state.
the price started reducing drastically from the first week of december and it has come down to rs 100, said k ram , a farmer in sathyamangalam.
admitting that it was not enough, amarindersingh said total farm loan was rs 60,000 crore and punjab cannot pay this much.
when farmers talk about loan waiver, (finance minister) arunjaitley says the centre does not have any policy for it.
uttar pradesh, telangana and andhra pradesh have announced loan waivers on their own and maharashtra will have to follow the same, ram told reporters.
but during his recent visit to the state, he did not find time to visit the families of farmers who have committed suicide, naidu told reporters in bengaluru.
let centre also waive farm loans, cm sayshubballi, oct 02, 2015, dhns: 0:35 ista day after the state government announced waiver of interest on farmers medium- and long-term loans borrowed from co-operative banks, chief minister siddaramaiah asked bjp leaders to pressure the union government to waive farmers loans borrowed from the nationalised banks, or, at least the interest.
addressing a public rally in guwahati, modi said farmers were crucial to his vision of a new india where no area will remain undeveloped.
in what is being viewed as a groundwork for next years parliamentary elections, congress president rahul gandhi reached out to women, youth and farmers at nanded in maharashtras chandrapur district on wednesday.
stating that he was himself a son of a farmer, siddaramaiah said his government would make farmer welfare its priority.
confirming the date of the meeting, chief secretary nagar said that other proposals besides the loan waiver will be finalised on monday.
the commission set up to ascertain the farm debt quantum and to work out modalities for its waiver was expected to come out with its report soon, to pave the way for total waiver of the farmers loans, to which he was personally committed, amarindersingh said.
open for dialogue: chouhanmadhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on thursday said the state government was open for a dialogue with farmers to iron out the differences.
agriculture patna: deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said the centre should extend its full economic co-operation to the state to achieve the goal of a second green revolution.
on farm loans, cm devendrafadnavis said the centre was positive about institutionalising the credit system and the state will bear its share.
after meeting members of mahadayi and kalasa-banduri horata samanvaya samiti, farmers and kannada organisations agitating for speedy implementation of kalasa-banduri and mahadayi water projects, siddaramaiah told mediapersons at the airport here that there is no need for congress leaders from the state to convince opposition leaders in goa and maharashtra.
modi agenda gopalganj: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh on sunday said agenda of modi government for five years is to strengthen the country and this is possible only when farmers and villages are taken care of.
25pm: rahulgandhi says he spoke to the families of the deceased farmers on phone and conveyed condolences.
pointing out that the rules, if implemented in their letter and spirit, would defeat the very purpose of certain sections of the prevention of cruelty to animals act, ram said the rules pertaining to the constitution of animal market monitoring committees and animal market committees would disturb a well established structure, which was in accordance with the karnataka agricultural produce marketing (regulation) act.
waive loans of farmers also, rahul said in gorakhpur.
prime minster modi has said that the government was taking steps to double farmers income by 2022, and let me say that if we fail to do so then you can kick the bjp out of power, he added.
our government has made it clear that no bank will initiate kurki of farmers property to recover the outstanding debt, amarindersingh told the house.
(ap photo)in his mann ki baat on november 26, prime minister narendramodi asked farmers to cut urea consumption by half by 2022.
urging the members to help the country move forward and help double the farmers' income by 2020, modi said, i am not an economist like dr manmohan singh.
chief minister siddaramaiah reportedly said on wednesday that the farmer had died due to excessive consumption of liquor and that his government was not responsible for the farmers death.
siddaramaiah said the campuses where these firms have set up were built on agricultural land.
(source: ani photo)condemning the violence in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh where farmers are protesting over loan waiver and better price for their produce, home minister rajnathsingh on thursday said, the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man.
questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers, amarindersingh asked, if a bankrupt state like punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver, why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme?
chief minister ram recently said the state had suffered a crop loss of rs 25,000 crore.
when asked if the state government would convene a special session to discuss the drought situation, ram said the subject was discussed at length during the earlier legislature session.
the congress party will continue to expose the failures of the modi government, ram said adding for the congress party in terms of substance, the greatest damage that modi has done to indian agriculture and to indian farmers is the amendments to the land acquisition law of 2013 and open the doors to land grab.
by september 30, 2018, my government will go cashless, manoharparrikar said while speaking at a seminar organised by nabard (national bank for agriculture and rural development) at a function here.
a state government release on sunday describing all who came to see modi said that national,state and local leaders,young and old,men and women,eunuchs,jean-clad urban youth,farmers,tribals,maldharis,many in their traditional attire,individually and in groups,each representing their nativity, showed their solidarity with the chief minister on his mission.
on the issue of agricultural debt relief, while his government had already announced a package of rs 8000 crores for over ten lakh small and marginal farming households, there was need for a comprehensive package and assistance from the centre, said amarindersingh , urging for a one-time debt waiver to help out the farming community.
the state governments have to do nothing but just make a list of all the deserving farmers with full honesty, and send the list to us, said modi.
when ram said his traditional occupation was agriculture, the enumerator entered the code 4 against the column following a prompt by his colleague.
vishal srivastav rahul gandhi gets a farmer to sign a kisan mangpatra in unnao on thursday.
tiwari said the state government has been shaken by the constantly rising of suicides by distressed farmers.
(ap photo)in his mann ki baat on november 26, prime minister modi asked farmers to cut urea consumption by half by 2022.
gandhi also told the government that if it helped the farmers by extending compensation, it will benefit it politically and not to us.
central team to be sent to karnataka to assess drought: pmnew delhi, aug 24, 2015, (pti) 19:18 ista central team is being sent to karnataka soon to assess the drought situation there, prime minister modi told an all-party delegation from the state led by chief minister siddaramaiah which raised the matter along with a number of other issues.
mla park told reporters that the district was facing its worst drought and drinking water crisis in recent times.
ba naidu , a farmer from anandapuram said, we are forced to buy chicks at 40-47 per unit this year.
(file photo)farmers protest continued unabated in many parts of western madhya pradesh on monday even as chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of agitating farmers.
earlier on monday, finance minister arunjaitley had said the centre would not fund for loan waivers for farmers, adding that the states must fund for this on their own expense.
the banks have not bothered to inform farmers about the amount credited to their accounts as part of the waiver benefits, fadnavis said during the meeting of the state level bankers committee (slbc), which represents all types of banks, at sahyadri guesthouse in mumbai.
but it does not want to give a loan waiver even as this can contain farm suicides, the congress mla had said in the house.
chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys on monday said he would announce his plan on farm loan waiver on wednesday in bengaluru.
when contacted, dr ram said that there was no clear reference to the lands in question in records and they had been converted for non-agricultural purposes only after verification of documents.
modi said he would transform agriculture.
kishore tiwari, who heads the state government-appointed vasantrao naik sheti swavlamban mission and has been sent by the chief minister on a stock-taking mission in marathwada, on wednesday said,i spoke to farmers in beed today to find out the problems they are facing.
fadnavis has said an alternative to the lbt and toll tax was being worked out and would be announced soonconcerns over environment: the ministry of environment and forest has proposed to shrink the buffer zone around sanctuaries and national parks.
kerala chief minister oommenchandy asked the prime minister to allocate funding meant for programmes like 'beti bachao abhiyan' and 'jan dhan yojana' to develop the state's dwindling agriculture productivity.
govt in no hurry to declare taluks drought-hitkolar, august 8, 2013, dhns: 0:35 istagriculture minister ram announced on thursday that the list of drought-hit taluks in the state would be put once the rainy season ends.
referring to his visit last week to madhya pradesh when he was not allowed to enter the state to meet the families of farmers who died in police firing, rahulgandhi said, when i asked the policemen under what law they were stopping me from entering the state, they told me there was no law but they were only carrying out orders.
talking about the role of the agriculture, naidu said a huge population of the country is engaged in the sector.
on the farm loan waiver issue, gandhi said, when they were in government they waived rs 70,000 crore in loan waiver and recalled the bjp mps criticism against the same.
when the members pressed for waiving of farm loans, ram said farmers have availed rs 10,000 crore from co-operative banks and rs 35,000 crore from commercial banks.
recalling his visit to madhya pradesh more than a decade ago, yogiadityanath said it was a backward state that was the weakest in agriculture production and had bad roads.
when asked when was he planning to reshuffle his council of ministers, siddaramaiah said he would do that after visiting drought-affected parts of karnataka.
the cm said the cost of extending the loan waiver to 31 lakh farmers is rs 30,500 crore and if the government decided to bear it, that would mean depriving other sections of society from their social schemes.
in all the other rallies, gandhi said employment among youth and financial crisis among farmers were the two biggest challenges before the state and the country.
reiterating his commitment to waive farm loans, chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys on sunday said that he will not hesitate to resign in case he is unable to do so.
the target for agricultural credit in 2017-18 has been fixed at a record level of rs 10 lakh crore, arunjaitley said in his budget speech.
later interacting with the villagers of munak in karnal district, manoharlalkhattar said the responsibility for implementing the swaminathan commission report rested with former chief minister hooda, who was then chairman of the working group of chief ministers on agriculture production, set up on agriculture.
my speech was good but i got no response (from the government), gandhi told reporters as he exited parliament after speaking on the agrarian crisis that was pending from the first phase of the budget session.
farm loan waiveron the rs. 53,000 crore farm loan waiver, which his party had announced in its manifesto, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said, now, i cannot take individual decision since we are in an alliance.
on tuesday, chief minister siddaramaiah had said he had not seen the file sent by the governors office as he was in ballari to monitor drought relief work.
experience has shown that price shocks in items under the act have been minimal, says ram , director of the national centre for agricultural economics and policy research.
the requirement of funds for the infrastructure, agriculture, horticulture, animal husbandry, women and child development, health and education sectors in the region is rs 16,000 crore, ram said.
puliyur a nagar , president of tmc farmers wing, said, farmers are burdened with debts and some have taken extreme decisions resulting.
on may 30, kumaraswamy said he needed 15 days to come out with a plan to implement a loan waiver.
if sufficient water is not released, the cultivation will be affected badly, said ram , a farmer.
after the meeting, siddaramaiah told reporters that the veteran congress leader has asked the government to pay cash compensation to farmers in cauvery basin who have suffered crop losses due to non-release of water through the canals.
he said the loan waiver for distressed farmers should be on the scale of the upas bailout package of 2008, at todays prices.
siddaramaiah said district in-charge ministers have been directed to hold regular review of drought relief works in their respective districts.
siddaramaiah said that his government was pro-farmer and pro-poor and they were ready for discussions on the adjournment motion moved by the opposition.
responding to a question on the police firing on farmers in madhya pradesh, ram said the problem being faced by farmers now has not been created overnight.
as per law, only two proofs are required for such land rights to be granted and the cm said this will be followed, said dr ashok dhawle of the all india kisan sabha.
45 crore allotted to operationalise the horticulture mission last year, union agriculture minister radhamohansingh said on september 2 and hoped the state would use the entire amount received from the centre this year.
during a debate in the assembly on drought situation in the state on the first day of the budget session on thursday, naidu claimed that ysr interest-free loan scheme, announced by the chief minister, was nothing new, but an old one introduced by the kiran kumar reddy government and that the tdp government continued the same after 2014.
the population is increasing but the land is not going to increasewe have to see how the productivity increases there should be more production in less land, modi said while releasing a two-part book series on renowned agriculture scientist m s swaminathan at his residence here.
earlier, interacting with farmers across the country through videoconference, modi told a woman who also runs self-help groups in bengals south 24-paragans to mount pressure on the mamata banerjee government to submit a list of small and marginal farmers.
modi said the opposition was welcome in criticising and finding faults, if any, in the implementation of initiatives taken by his government as he listed a number of programmes, including for farmers, youth and other sections of the society.
25pm: gandhi says he spoke to the families of the deceased farmers on phone and conveyed condolences.
help promised to farmersaddressing the gathering on the occasion, siddaramaiah said the government was celebrating the occasion with a heavy heart in the wake of the farmers suicides in the state.
i share the pain, modi said about the suicide committed by a farmer from rajasthan at a rally organised by aam aadmi party here.
i myself being a son of a farmer, i empathise with you, ram said, while appealing to them not to allow their mind to be weakenedby distress.
siddaramaiah said, i am fully aware of the travails faced by the agrarian community.
a day after painting a grim picture of indias farming during the inauguration of the meet,modi said,the government of india has helped us identify progressive farmers from each district of the country.
v s park , director, state drought monitoring cell said that it was good that paddy cultivation was reducing in the state.
on charges of ap copying telangana schemes, naidu said andhra pradesh achieved 11  growth in agriculture and allied sectors in the last four years whereas the overall growth of telangana stands at 0.
eligible farmers from jalandhar, kapurthala, ludhiana, fazilka and ferozepur districts were given the certificates.
in order to make the economy of any country strong, one needs to have three pillars of equal strength: one-third each for agriculture, manufacturing and service sectors, he said.
this is what prime minister narendramodi said here today while addressing a conference of agriculture ministers of states here.
the recent rain has only replenished our hopes of better days with enough water for the crop, said madan , a farmer in hagarigollahalli in the taluk.
while patidar is agonising about his garlic in mp, a few thousand miles away in delhi, the union agriculture ministry is busy preparing flashy booklets and nifty presentations to showcase what it will call achievements and how these would result in the realisation of one of the prime minister's many dreams - doubling farmers' incomes by 2022.
this is for gujarat, modi said,addressing a gathering of farmers here.
apcthe proposed agriculture price commission (apc) was before the cabinet subcommittee, siddaramaiah said.
but nda will have to meet first (to take a decision), sad veteran and punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal told reporters here after a meeting with agriculture minister sharad pawar.
in mandya alone, authorities have registered more than fifty cases, and have seized about 1,000 documents, said ram , who is on a visit to mandya and ram districts to comfort families of farmers who have committed suicide.
following this, devendra fadnavis has asked the finance secretary of the state to study the up model on the basis of which loan waiver was declared.
zilla panchayat engineer ram said that the decision of farmers has not affected the desilting works.
the opposition party also said that even prime minister modi had claimed that the villages had become 'drought free'.
almost two years after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced rs 34,000-crore farm loan waiver, district central cooperative banks (dccbs) seem to have benefited more than the nationalised banks under the scheme.
b'amid clamour for his resignation over the controversial remarks on drought,maharashtra deputy chief minister ajitpawar today said any decision on the issue would be taken only after consulting party legislators.
pune: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh on tuesday said the cooperative sector could play a pivotal role in bridging the rich-poor gap and help the country achieve sab ka saath, sab ka vikas.
these have been the two main demands of the farmers who are on a 10-day statewide strike.
b'as whether the land in singur would be fit for cultivation again, mamatabanerjee said: according to some agricultural experts, as no farming had taken place there for a decade, it was now more fertile than before.
the difference is extremely glaring in perishable commodities like vegetables, babu said in his address at the 46th convocation of the university of agricultural sciences (uas) here on friday.
sagar kulkarni, feb 3, 2017, dhns 8:48 istdateline: new delhidays after prime minister narendramodi announced scrapping of high value currency notes, agriculture ministry officials were eagerly awaiting the details about sowing for rabi crops across the country.
it is evident that the issue is being deliberately politicized, with the farming community also being unnecessarily dragged into the whole affair.
they are focusing not so much on farmers, not so much on agriculture, gandhi said.
at a review meeting held this week with district collectors to assess the drought situation, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the local administration, while the efforts that have helped reduce farmer suicides are laudable, we still have a formidable task ahead.
mr modi said that his government stand by farmers and jawans of the country and blamed congress government for always befooling them and never thinking about their welfare.
responding to a question of bjp mla achchudanand during the question hour, nitishkumar said: the credit-deposit ratio has increased to 40 per cent but banks do not generally give loans to farmers, students and other priority sectors.
referring to the pm fasal bima yojna introduced for the benefit of people, modi said though bjp-ruled states like chhattisgarh and haryana have made 50 per cent achievement, only 14 per cent farmers got it in up.
read| if elected, congress will waive off loans of chhattisgarh farmers: rahul gandhiaccusing singh of indulging in corruption, gandhi claimed that rs 5,000 crore had vanished in the chit fund scam.
yeddyurappa said bjp would stand by the people and expose the corruption (file)opposition bjp on monday regretted that karnataka governor vajubhai vala's address to the joint session of the legislature was mum on the farm loan waiver by the jd-s-congress coalition government.
skeptical about up farm loan waiveron the uttar pradesh government waiving farm loans, benefiting 86 lakh farmers, ram said he does not know if the centre had chipped in.
the changes in land act is aimed at ensuring faster processing without compromising on compensation or reclamation and rehabilitation (r&r) measures to farmers, prime minister narendramodi said.
bhopal: as western madhya pradesh reels under violent protest by farmers over loan waiver and better price for their produce, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan today said the state government was open for a dialogue to iron out the differences and once again appealed them to maintain peace.
siddaramaiah, however, said that he would try his best to incorporate some of the demands of the farmers in the budget this year.
by ianspalamau: in an obvious attack on the congress, prime minister modi on saturday said that he preferred to complete the pending irrigation projects to empower farmers instead of waiving their loans.
though the house has already discussed the issue of unseasonal rains and hailstorm destroying standing crops, the government was ready to have another debate on the plight of the farmers, naidu said.
nagaon deputy commissioner babu said the initial drought-like situation pushed the administration to move dispur for timely initiative to safeguard the interest farmers and the government pledged to do so.
nagaon deputy commissioner p. ashok ram said the initial drought-like situation pushed the administration to move dispur for timely initiative to safeguard the interest farmers and the government pledged to do so.
chairing a district-level drought review meeting here on tuesday, siddaramaiah asked the officials to work on a war footing to ensure proper drinking water supply, availability of fodder, increased number of man days under mgnreg scheme and proper healthcare in affected areas.
pointing out that karnataka was witnessing one of its worst droughts in the last 46 years, ram said the state government had sought rs 4,702 crore from the centre for drought relief works.
prime minister modi says that farmers are getting irrigation and electricity facilities, but they are getting power for only four to six hours that too when they go to sleep.
fadnavis said that ahead of the rabi season the government wants maximum farmers from drought hit regions to avail of fresh loans.
siddaramaiah said the centre has been asked to release rs 4,500 crore to state under national disaster relief fund as 139 taluks are reeling under drought.
at a workshop for party mps, modi asked them to flag the contrast between the pro-poor measures taken by the upa and his government, giving an overview of various initiatives and bold decisions taken by the bjp-led coalition for the welfare of the poor and farmers since it came to power at the centre last year.
but he (hooda) did not do anything during his time and kept pretending to be a leader of the farmers, manoharlalkhattar said, adding his government has worked for the farmers during the last three-and-a-half years.
speaking on the occasion, agriculture minister ram said facilities like agriculture universities were meant to give an impetus to the farming sector, which was not happening on the ground.
observing that there was no difference between the centre and states on paying enhanced compensation, modi said, political considerations should not come in the way of a solution that would facilitate development of rural areas, and greater prosperity for farmers.
congress vice-president rahulgandhi said on wednesday the uttar pradesh governments decision to waive off crop loans of up to rs 1 lakh of small and marginal farmers in the state is a partial relief but a step in the right direction.
17 am: on drought, modi said: few days back we were worrying about drought situation, now where on one side we hear about monsoon, on other side, we hear about floods.
also read | mann ki baat: here are the highlights from pm modis addresstalking about the floods that have hit some parts of the country, modi said, sometime back, we were concerned about drought but now we are enjoying the rains and there are reports about floods.
we are not like the congress which will only pay lip-service to farmers but ignore their well-being whenever congress is in power, farmers suffer, modi said.
despite recurring droughts and a severe water crisis in marathwada and vidarbha, maharashtra remained a most favoured destination for investors, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday while launching mission drinking water.
although chief minister ram claimed that the government has already distributed nearly rs 4,100 crore as relief to farmers who lost their crop, it's been a case of so near, yet so far.
by ptinew delhi: niti aayog vice chairman rajivkumar today said imposition of tax on agriculture income has always been considered by 'successive governments', even as he cautioned that any such move should be taken once the sector is productive and attached to modern scientific methods.
prime minister narendramodi says that farmers are getting irrigation and electricity facilities, but they are getting power for only four to six hours that too when they go to sleep.
)seeking to woo the farmers, who are angry for not getting remunerative price for their produce, modi said the congress model of development was hand pumps while the bjp built pipelines so huge that congress leaders can drive their maruti cars through them.
but even as mamatabanerjee announced wednesday, from the mammoth stage set up for the first singur utsav that she was against land acquisition and will never allow forcible acquisition in bengal ever again, even as she vowed to protect farmers and their lands, in the same breath she said that her government will push for industrial investment in the state.
to a question on why he has not heeded to oppositions demand for loan waiver to farmers, fadnavis said loan waiver was a good option, but it was not the only one.
accusing the previous congress regimes of gujarat of creating polity of the love of chair,chief minister modi today said unlike them,his government was working for farmers welfare.
chief minister siddaramaiah said: while the kvks have effectively implemented our policies, more capacity building for farmers needs to be done.
admitting that there was a strain on the exchequer due to loan waiver and other expenditure, the cm said even gdp was growing at same time due to massive push to the infrastructural development.
at a post-budget press conference here, mamatabanerjee also said the key exercise was more focussed on the agriculture sector while the recently concluded bengal global business summit was directed at the industry.
sawant disclosed that while the cm had announced that 89 lakh farmers will benefit under the waiver scheme, after the cumbersome procedure introduced by the information technology department, only 77 lakh were able to submit on-line applications.
terming the 2013 land bill brought by upa as one that was against rural areas and farmers, arunjaitley said the 2015 bill sought to remove its shortcomings.
the sc order came a week after karnataka chief minister ram said the state could not release the river waters when farmers and the common man are distressed and even drinking water is not available in the cauvery catchment areas (in karnataka).
after a series of protests in maharashtra last year over the low procurement price of milk, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced a subsidy of rs 5 per litre for dairy farmers.
in its state budget on july 5, janata dal (secular)-congress coalition government had announced a loan waiver of rs 34,000 crore, which jumped to rs 40,000 crore after the state last week decided to waive all crop loans of rs 1 lakh in cooperative banks availed till july 10, 2018.
i know it is a difficult task, but i have taken it as a challenge because we cant keep on watching our farmers kill themselves without doing anything, amarindersingh said, adding, it is a tragedy that those who fed the whole nation are being left to die in debt and we need to do something.
chief minister devendra fadnavis, however, did announce a relief package of rs 10,512 crore for drought-hit farmers, a move the opposition termed a cruel joke the state had played on farmers.
ipr attorney p gandhi , who has obtained the maximum number of gi tags in the country, said seeraga samba rice could be cultivated throughout the year in the paddy growing tracks of the state since the grains could withstand intermittent drought even at its critical stages of growth.
we managed to stop it from spreading to paliem, said cashew farmer ram however, farmers are not sure about the arambol site, where the fire was still raging.
12:34pm: rahulgandhi said to be heading towards mandsaur on a kutcha route through villages12:24pm: administration and police flustered at rahulgandhi move12:23pm: congress workers present in huge numbers at nimbaheda to greet and welcome rahul gandhi12:21pm: nimbaheda is about 12 kilometres ahead of neemuch, one of the many centres of violence12:20pm: congress using farmers protest as a photo-op, says venkaiah naidu, dismisses demands for mp cms resignation12:16pm: special protection group accompanying congress v-p confirms rahulgandhi is trying to enter mandsaur district via nimbaheda.
sagar kulkarni, feb 3, 2017, dhns 8:48 istdateline: new delhidays after prime minister modi announced scrapping of high value currency notes, agriculture ministry officials were eagerly awaiting the details about sowing for rabi crops across the country.
in a statement issued here, akali mps sukhdev singh dhindsa and balwinder singh bhunder from the rajya sabha and prem singh chandumajra from the lok sabha said ekta, ugrahan and few other factions of the bharti kisan union (bku) were trying to sow seeds of discontent in the peasantry.
smaller plots are more expensive to cultivate and small farmers have higher consumption patterns, according to economists.
in 2013, more than 3,000 farmers in the state ended their lives, according to records, but people in the know claim the ncrb does not reflect ground realities.
to boost bamboo cultivation and sustainable supply, the forest development corporation of maharashtra (fdcm) is also planning to take up tissue culture bamboo plantation on turnkey or sharing basis with private partners for supplying biomass of bamboo for industrial uses like production of ethanol, bio cng etcwe are even ready to help as service providers to interested farmers and parties with minimum 25 acres of commercial plantation project, said n babu , managing director of fdcm.
but india has major potential but its hard-working farmers are driven to commit suicides.
the cause for concern is not only the high suicide rate but the entire agrarian crisis.
the situation in maharashtra is grave and we need help to deal with the rising number of farmer suicide cases in the drought-prone areas of maharashtra, especially yavatmal and osmanabad, fadnavis told peres, citing the successful agriculture projects that have been undertaken in israel.
drip irrigation becomes critical during drought situations, because with one large tank of water, we can add the required fertilizer and water almost five acres for four days, said a ram , a chilly farm er in madukkarai.
after uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath announced to fulfil the poll promise of crop loan waivers, farmers all across the country began demanding the same.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday announced a special package of rs10,512 crore for drought-hit farmers in maharashtra, but rejected the oppositions demand to announce a loan waiver.
modi, who was giving details of the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana, an crop insurance scheme in light of 1,000 farmer suicides in karnataka in the past one year, said river-linking would save the country and help overcome water scarcity.
mr fadnavis said while he was not opposed to the idea of a complete loan waiver, it was a decision that had to be taken at an appropriate time.
as the centre is yet to take a stand of bhavantar, we have decided that garlic and onion will continue to be included but farmers will have to sell gram, lentil and mustard at msp, which the government will ensure, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan told reporters at a hurriedly-called press conference on friday evening.
chief minister ram said: while the kvks have effectively implemented our policies, more capacity building for farmers needs to be done.
as for bailing out sericulture farmers hit by price crash, pranabmukherjee told the delegation that as he has to take care of everybody in the sector including weavers, consumers and farmers, the centre would take suitable decision soon.
in a televised address, modi said that every msme in the 100 selected districts and which are registered under goods and services tax (gst) would be given a rebate of 2  interest on the amount of a new loan or incremental loan of up to rs 1 crore.
addressing the officials of the commercial taxes department here on thursday, yanamala said that the state has overcome the initial troubles due to the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst).
11: 34 am: pm modi said we learnt the lesson of unity through passing the historic gst bill.
addressing a town hall meeting at s k memorial hall here, adhia said the gdp of the country would rise by 2  with implementation of gst, which would in turn lead to creation of lakhs of new job opportunities in the country.
announcing that there is no new proposal for tax increase like the previous two years, deputy chief minister manishsisodia , who also handles the finance portfolio, said the government expects a positive impact on tax revenue collections after the implementation of the goods and service tax (gst) later this year.
adhia said there would be no need of integrated check posts on state borders following implementation of gst.
i am sure that issue will get resolved," shah said, hoping for gst roll out from april next year.
new delhi: hinting at the recent incidents of atrocities against dalits, president pranabmukherjee on sunday said that attacks on weaker sections of the society were aberrations, which needed to be dealt with firmly, even as he hailed the consensus achieved for the passage of the goods and services tax bill (gst) in parliament.
the gst council has flexibility to do so and will do so i am sure," shah said at an assocham event.
we believe in gst and have favoured it since the beginning; it is for the welfare of the state and the country, nitishkumar said after the meeting.
the gst is beneficial for the poor people of the states represented by them, because those states will economically benefit the most from gst, modi said.
new delhi: pinning hopes on quick resolution of the difficult issue of tax jurisdiction with states, finance minister arunjaitley today said that goods and services tax regime will be rolled out from april next year.
modi said that the gst reflected the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination.
10 (pti): the gst council on friday decided to reduce tax rate on a wide range of mass use items  from chewing gums to detergents - to 18 per cent from the current 28 per cent, bihar deputy chief minister modi said.
stating that both the centre and states are committed to ensuring that a taxpayer is assessed only once in the hands of one tax administration, shah said that the gst was conceived as a dual structure and the government does not want to convert that into "duel" assessment".
in a statement issued here, chamber president n. jegatheesan said that a gst trade body could comprise representatives of trade and industry drawn from across the country to provide suggestions and conduct parleys with the finance ministers of various states and the union finance minister.
deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi , who is in charge of the commercial taxes department, had announced in august the possibility of convenience centres for traders' ease in filing gst returns.
prime minister narendramodi told the all party meeting that goods and services tax (gst) legislation is in the interest of nation and the finance minister will speak to parties concerned to address their doubts on it, naidu said after the meeting.
earlier this week, prime minister modi had said 99 per cent of goods and services will be brought in the 18-per-cent or less gst slabs and the highest slab restricted to just a few select luxury and sin goods.
read: gst will reflect spirit of one nation, one aspiration: top 10 points from pm modis niti aayog meethere are the highlights:6:22 pm: use of technologies such as bhim, aadhaar would result in significant savings for states, says pm modi6:18 pm: states should use govt e-marketplace to reduce corruption, increase transparency in govt procurement: pm modi6:10 pm: pm modi asks states, local govts, ngos to decide goals for 2022 and work in mission mode to achieve them.
in a bid for smooth transition to the new tax regime, siddaramaiah announced the constitution of gst consultation committee in the commercial taxes department that would have representatives from all the important stakeholders.
talking about gst, pm modi said the unanimity on the landmark legislation will be remembered in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism.
and across the states, we find an urge now, that they want to get out of the rigmarole and see brighter ways, ram said, adding that the roll out of the gst, aadhar platform and mobile connectivity were creating conditions for inclusive growth.
but the gst council has further pruned 12 more items, modi said.
the council also agreed to set up a committee comprising officials from centre and states to look into the complaints with regard to the anti-profiteering clause that seeks to prevent companies from making undue gains post gst rollout, arunjaitley said.
the landmark gst legislation will reflect the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination, said prime minister modi , as he addressed the third meeting of the governing council of niti aayog on sunday.
the upa allies like the rjd, the ncp and the jd-u are openly supporting it, arunjaitley said, adding that even the congress-ruled states are for gst.
commerce secretary rita teaotia said the two main export promotion schemes - merchandise exports from india scheme (meis) and services exports from india scheme (seis) - will continue post gst implementation but would be aligned with the new indirect tax regime.
trying to clear apprehension of opposition and traders, finance minister haseeb drabu said j&k legislature can enact a comprehensive gst law, where tax will be levied corresponding to aggregate sgst and cgst".
i am ecstatic that there would be no levy of gst on services rendered by government, reserve bank of india, public conveniences, educational institution, services relating to agriculture, transmission or distribution of electricity, renting of residential dwelling for use as a residence, burial, healthcare, specified schemes of general insurance etc, mohan said.
today, the gst system has been established to a large extent and we are working towards a position where 99 per cent things will attract the sub-18 per cent gst slab, modi had said.
it has been estimated that trucks waste around 35  of their total travel time at the check posts, said adhia.
this would further increase after implementation of the gst bill, he said adding that the world bank and other financial institutions had also hailed the gst bill.
speaking at the annual general meeting of ficci last week, finance minister arunjaitley had said a delayed gst is better than a flawed gst.
unfazed by the blockage of the gst bill in the rajya sabha by congress in the recently concluded parliament session that ended on a bitter note over the lalit modi issue, ram said government was keen to implement the revolutionary and most progressive gst tax proposal from april 1, 2016.
when referred to criticism of the gst by gandhi, modi asked whether gst processes have not been implemented through consensus with all political parties in the country.
though there is a rise of 3  in the overall tax slab, the developers would also get several tax credits under gst, which would make the properties cheaper, adhia said.
finance minister arunjaitley says 60  of the items presently taxed at 32   a composite of the several taxes that gst will be replacing  will be reduced at four percentage points less.
with regard to gst, which is aimed at overhauling the taxation system in the country, modi told the congress, it is yours only, still it is being stopped.
in an interview to ani, modi said his government wanted to impose a 5 per cent gst on all classes of residential properties, completed or under construction.
jaitley said states would be compensated every two months instead of every quarter for the losses they might incur during gst implementation.
(express file photo by prem nath pandey)a day before the introduction of the state goods and service tax (gst) bill in the odisha assembly, chief minister naveenpatnaik on wednesday said gst was a major financial reform which would transform the country into one single market.
pm modi , while addressing the summit, said that indias has now introduced new economic reforms, including the historic gst, which most states are onboard with.
replying to the seven-hour-long debate, finance minister arunjaitley said the gst, which will usher in a uniform indirect tax regime in the country, will make commodities slightly cheaper.
finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the meeting that the gst exemption limit for the northeastern states is being doubled to rs 20 lakh.
unfazed by the blockage of the gst bill in the rajya sabha by congress in the recently concluded parliament session that ended on a bitter note over the lalit modi issue, naidu said government was keen to implement the revolutionary and most progressive gst tax proposal from april 1, 2016.
gst council has reduced tax rates of 66 items as against representations received for 133 items, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters here after the 16th meeting of the gst council.
3, arunjaitley told reporters, but did not clarify whether the country could meet the self-imposed deadline of april 1 for the launch of goods and services tax, the country's most ambitious tax reform as yet.
the gst will strive to free india from tax terrorism, modi said as he vowed to pay tribute to freedom fighters after 75 years of independence by bringing in the tax reform as soon as possible.
pwc india leader (indirect tax) pratik jain said, "it is encouraging to see that within four days of the assent of the constitution amendment bill by the president, the government has approved the setting up of the gst council and the first meeting of the council is to be held within 10 days of the cabinet approval".
as revenue secretary, adhia's term witnessed the introduction of a nationwide indirect tax egime, evolving a centre-states consensus on the multiple gst laws and drafting the rules and fixing tariffs that made it possible to meet the deadline of july 1, 2017 for the gst roll-out, arunjaitley said.
by ptinew delhi: buoyed by gst collections exceeding rs 1 lakh crore in april, finance minister arunjaitley today said it is a landmark achievement and a confirmation of increased economic activity.
watch video: people que up at banks to exchange rs 500 & rs 1000 notes: heres what they saidon whether the demonetisation of rs 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money, jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including gst roll out.
if the impact of demonetisation was that huge on informal sector, there would have been social unrest, arunjaitley said, adding any adverse impact of the two back-to-back reforms  gst and demonetisation were almost behind us.
before the gst was rolled out, there were 65 lakh registered enterprises; the number has risen by 55 lakh, modi said.
modi said that india had become the world's fastest-growing economy thanks to some of his government's initiatives, such as the abolition of 1,000-odd archaic laws, push for the goods and services tax, and the constitution of commercial courts.
fuel prices will come down once the centre builds a consensus to bring petrol and diesel under the goods and services tax (gst), maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said today.
countries that rolled out gst have witnessed higher economic growth, says udit ram , adding that an online database of taxes will increase transparency.
federation of indian art silk weaving industry (fiaswi) chairman gandhi said, the industry is getting assurances since the day gst was rolled out.
in the absence of the comprehensive goods and services tax (gst), if the duty sops are removed, auto component makers will face margin pressures as they will not be able to hike prices on export products, ram said.
on relief measures for the middle class, arunjaitley said that in the last five years, not a single tax has been increased, gst has been brought down on most commodities, and income tax relief has been provided.
gst council has complete flexibility to do so and will do so i am sure, shah said at an assocham event here.
referring to the gst reform bill introduced in parliament on friday, arunjaitley said an overwhelming majority of states were backing the reform as their fears about revenue loss in the initial years after the gst roll-out would be set at rest through a compensatory mechanism in the transition period.
modi said his government implemented the goods and services tax (gst) in larger public interest and to boost the nations tax collection.
drabu said all necessary safeguards to section-5 of the j&k state constitution and those enshrined in article-370 of the indian constitution have been incorporated in the presidential order regarding which apprehensions were expressed by some legislators during the discussion on the gst legislation.
on why the council has decided on multiple gst rates, arunjaitley said one rate would be highly regressive as hawai chappal and bmw cannot be taxed at the same rate.
finance minister t.m. thomas isaac told the assembly on tuesday that the government hoped to overcome the impact of demonetisation and gst on the states economy in another six months.
the way the fitment discussions have happened in the gst council and the way commodities and services have been treated, gst is only going to help in improving our exports, ram said at a media conference to brief three years achievements of her ministry.
the turnover limit for registration under goods and services tax (gst) has been increased from rs 20 lakh to rs 40 lakh, modi said.
piloting the bill, karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said the state has always been at the forefront of issues like implementing tax reforms, including vat.
the current buoyancy in the market is led by positive cues such as gst, state elections and fii inflows," vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services, said.
sushil modi , who as finance minister of bihar during nda rule, had headed empowered committee on gst during upa rule, said the gst would do away with multiplicity of tax rates.
on the goods and service tax (gst) bill, arunjaitley said the congress was dissenting on their own bill.
clarifying that economic legislation is not about bjp versus all, arunjaitley said it would be very good if the constitutional amendment bill to roll out gst is passed by consensus.
with regard to composition scheme for service providers, modi said (rs) 50 lakh turnover & 6  tax rate for service providers in a new compostion scheme in gst.
it was at the cms initiative that i had accepted the post of chairman of the empowered committee of state fms (2011-13), which spearheaded the implementation of gst, said bjp leader sushil kumar modi.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said the goods and services tax (gst) collections in the first two months have met the target and going forward the revenue will see a further surge.
pm modi told network 18 group editor rahul joshi that after gst all the movement of goods from one state to the other will become seamless.
in case the gst is not extended to the state, the businesses will be crippled as no trader from jammu and kashmir will be able to do business with their counterparts from other parts of the country," drabu said, adding the consumer in j-k will be the worst hit due to double taxation.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on friday said the number of income taxpayers can double to almost 12 crore with increased formalisation of the economy.
don't evaluate me only on demonetisation and gst; we brought economic reform, built toilets, brought electricity to 18,000 villages, modi had said in an interview to zee news.
terming the proposed goods and service tax as the biggest tax reform since independence, modi also said he has warned those with black money to declare it before the given deadline of september 30, as stern action might be taken after that.
by express news servicenew delhi: days after prime minister modi announced that gst on 99 per cent of goods and services would be brought under the tax bracket of 18 per cent or lower, the gst council on saturday decided to slash indirect tax on two dozen items.
prime minister modi (pti /file photo) prime minister modi (pti /file photo)with still two months left till the goods and services tax (gst) roll out, prime minister modi on sunday said consensus on the new tax regime will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism.
washington: india continues to be the fastest-growing major economy in the world and its growth will accelerate further due to factors like the implementation of gst, finance minister arunjaitley said.
in his 42-minute intervention, modi said the gst regime would compel traders to give proper bills to consumers and help fight corruption and black money.
commerce minister ram said in chennai she was very optimistic of the passage of the gst while environment minister prakash javadekar said it will be definitely passed because government enjoyed a majority in rajya sabha.
b.t. manohar, chairman, state taxes committee, fkcci, says: gst will certainly bring down prices and check inflation.
i hope the message would reach those who make such considerations, modi said in an apparent reference to the congresss negotiating team with the government on gst that comprised the rajya sabha members.
mumbai: hdfc chairman deepak on friday said the goods and services tax (gst) regime can push up the country's growth by as much as 150-200 basis points (bps).
the way the fitment discussions have happened in the gst council and the way commodities and services have been treated, gst is only going to help in improving our exports, ram said here, briefing on three years of initiatives and achievements of the commerce ministry.
finance minister arunjaitley said on wednesday he is hopeful of rolling out the biggest tax reform gst from july 1 that will make goods and services cheaper and tax evasion difficult.
twitter.com/vvjmucevlq  ani (@ani) august 15, 20178:24 am: demonetisation has helped bring black money into formal economy: pm8:23 am: modi says after note ban, three lakh shell companies were detected; 1.
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said low gst collections might lead to high fiscal deficit for states and hence tax and non-tax resources available exclusively to states' authorities might be tapped".
responding to a query on gst implementation, arunjaitley said he is hopeful of its passage in the monsoon session as most political parties except the congress are in favour of this historic tax reform.
chandigarh: haryana finance minister captain abhimanyu said decisions taken in the recent meeting of the goods and services tax (gst) council would immensely benefit the state as the council had decided to give compensation to the states for five years.
whatever the reasons and the circumstances, the gst should have been allowed to be introduced in parliament in the monsoon session to facilitate the way for its eventual passage, amarindersingh said in a statement on friday.
stating that everyone's contribution was necessary for the success of the goods and services tax regime, modi asked the imc to conduct gst training workshops for common people in the limited time that is available before implementing the biggest indirect taxation reform in the nation's hisotry.
captain abhimanyu said the state collected revenue to the tune of `1,000 crore a year on account of the purchase tax or vat (value-added tax) on food grains; but under the gst regime, it had been proposed that the levy would not apply to food grains.
finance minister arunjaitley too had said late last week that he saw no reason to postpone gst roll out.
referring to the passage of the key economic reform measure gst in parliaments monsoon session, modi said it demonstrated the countrys unity of vision.
prime minister modi told the all party meeting that goods and services tax (gst) legislation is in the interest of nation and the finance minister will speak to parties concerned to address their doubts on it, naidu said after the meeting.
still, the best overall performance of the economy was recorded since october 2016, endorsing the standpoint that the economy is recovering from the implementation of the twin shocks of demonetisation and gst," dodhia said.
the efforts are on to enlist the co-operation of all to ensure that gst is in place by the end of this session, modi said.
the constitution 122nd constitutional amendment bill was passed by the parliament on august 8, marking a historic step for tax reforms which prime minister modi said was 'crucial' for ending tax terrorism besides reducing corruption and black money while making the consumer 'king'.
dubai, nov 16, 2015 (pti) 19:08 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said the government would make all efforts to persuade the opposition for the passage of constitution amendment bill for implementation of gst in the winter session.
rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) december 20, 2018indicating that further simplification of the goods and services tax is on the anvil,prime minister narendra modi had tuesday said his government wants to ensure that '99 per cent things' attract sub-18 per cent gst slab.
i&b minister m venkaiah ram told reporters that modi explained to nda leaders the importance of the gst bill and the need to pass it.
we will make a forceful argument again on june 30 at the final gst council meeting before its roll out and make our case for 35 items we already represented to the council about," finance minister eatela rajender told toi on wednesday.
modi opposed gst when he was chief minister of gujarat and he is now championing the gst as prime minister and we welcome that, ram said adding we welcome the facts that he has made these u-turns and taken positions as prime minister which were opposed to the positions which the bjp took when it was in opposition.
finance minister yanamala ramakrishnudu on saturday said the central and state governments gave up their exclusive rights under the federal structure to impose taxes on various commodities, to pave the way for the goods and services tax (gst), a structure that helped several countries achieve higher growth rates.
while the law restrains traders from changing the maximum retail price (mrp) inclusive of all taxes, there are no guidelines for repricing the commodities in accordance with the changed tax rates in the gst regime ," said bt manohar, chairman of taxation committee and team gst of federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industry .
modi said the panel will deliberate on the details for rolling out the reverse charge mechanism in the first week of may, with the time table and the coverage to be decided.
todays change should probably bring it down, said ram , adding that the mood at the gst council meeting was very good.
govt to talk to cong, other parties on gst: venkaiahbengaluru, aug 18, 2015, (pti) 15:36 istthe centre would shortly hold discussions with congress and other parties to bring them around to facilitate passage of the gst and some other key bills before the winter session of parliament, union parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah ram said today.
addressing cii-kotak investors' round table here, arunjaitley said that the gst council, headed by him and comprising representatives of all states, will in the next few days finalise the rates of tax for different goods and services and the country is on track to roll out the simplified indirect tax regime fromjuly 1.
the programmes have built confidence among the traders to welcome the gst regime, association founder and president prakash mandoth said.
crediting adhia efforts on the gst rollout, arunjaitley said in his blog that it was his efforts supported by his team of officers of centre and state governments, which made it possible to hit the deadline of july 1, 2017.
speaking to reporters, union finance minister arunjaitley said, tax rate under gst will not go up for any of the commodities.
finance minister arunjaitley said the gst council meeting on monday made a significant headway and the issue of cross-empowerment or dual control was resolved.
prime minister narendramodi modiprime minister narendramodi on thursday asked his party mps to expose the lies and disinformation campaign of the opposition over the governments stand on obcs and the gst legislation by studying the facts and creating the right awareness about them.
to prepare the ground for introduction of goods and services tax (gst) regime that envisage higher threshold for registration, siddaramaiah announced that the ceiling for registering with the commercial taxes department will be increased from rs 5 lakh turnover per year to rs 7.
watch video: whats making newswe have a wider support and we have the numbers for the gst bill, but we would like to take all parties on board because it will have an effect on the states, naidu said.
there would be enough safeguards to the constitution of jammu and kashmir, drabu said in his reply on the second day of heated debates on gst in the state assembly.
finance minister arunjaitley said there is constitutional compulsion to roll out gst by september 16, 2017.
modi said gst would help to achieve the government's aim of empowering the poor.
bengaluru: the goods and services tax, to be rolled out in just over a month, will not only check evasions but also help india evolve as a more tax-compliant society, finance minister arunjaitley said here on monday.
expectations of a positive outcome from the gst council did insulate us from the adverse effect of global volatility," said vinod nair, head of research, geojit bnp paribas financial services.
the telangana government has also decided to call an assembly session this month to pass the gst bill, telangana finance minister etela rajender said on wednesday.
deputy chief minister modi , who also holds charge of finance and commercial taxes departments, said people have now begun to understand gst which is evident from the fact that the quantum of complaints vis--vis gst has reduced to only 10 per cent.
piloting the bill, karnataka chief minister ram said the state has always been at the forefront of issues like implementing tax reforms, including vat.
mr. rajender, speaking to newspersons after the meeting, said that mr. jaitley had also assured on compensating the losses to be incurred by states on account of gst implementation.
mr. sisodia was in agreement with their [traders] demands and assured them that he would bring up their concerns at the next meeting of the gst council on december 22 and 23, where the issue of jurisdiction will be discussed, said mr. goyal.
about states disagreeing and joining the second wave of gst reform, chidambaram said that even when upa had implemented vat, some had not joined initially and they had joined later, and so eventually all states will fall in line.
chief minister vijayrupani listed out the achievements of his government, while deputy chief minister nitin patel told the party workers about the goods and services tax (gst), said pandya.
gst will be a game changer and will help in curbing tax evasion, bringing transparency and efficiency in tax administration, reducing the prices of various items by avoiding tax on tax and ensuring seamless transfer of goods from one region to another, among others, arunjaitley said, addressing the 23rd conference of auditors general of commonwealth countries and british overseas territories in delhi.
all states have agreed on the rollout of gst from that date, arunjaitley said.
before leaving for australia, abhimanyu said the indian delegation was visiting the country as gst had been implemented in a better way there and in new zealand.
finance minister arunjaitley said that the rates of commodities will depend on its consumers, whether rich or common person, but the gst will make them slightly cheaper.
lauding prime minister narendra modi for his decisiveness, arunjaitley said unlike the previous prime minister (manmohan singh), modi has been decisive in taking steps with regard to demonetisation, surgical strike against pakistan and the goods and services tax (gst).
emphasizing that the gst bill is in the larger interest of the country, naidu said, "we have a wider support and we have enough numbers for gst but we would like to have all parties on board because it will have an effect on states".
describing how his government was following sardar patels principles of unity, modi said gst (one nation one tax), one nation one grid, e-nam and bharatmala are some of the initiatives for new india.
speaking about the power of unity, modi said, in august 2016, parties having intense political rivalry, parties which do not let go any chance to attack the other, all came together to pass the gst bill.
compliance burden of medium and small taxpayers in gst has been reduced, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after the 22nd meeting of the council.
the landmark gst legislation will reflect the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination, said prime minister narendramodi , as he addressed the third meeting of the governing council of niti aayog on sunday.
the government is willing to discuss all issues and answer the questions raised by the opposition, modi said, hoping for a fruitful session as he recalled the passage of the gst bill in the last session with the cooperation of all parties.
b'rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo) rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo)demonetisation has hammered hard on corruption and the gst implementation has brought a positive change in the economy, rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje said on thursday, lauding 3 years of modi government at centre.
said dimri, "the idea of not putting rate caps in the constitution is pragmatic considering the dynamic business environment which may demand future changes in the gst rate".
b t manohar, chairman of state tax committee team gst, federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industry (fkcci), bengaluru, said that karnataka was a role model for all other states in the country.
after the implementation of gst, 35,000 businesses in gurgaon have registered themselves, manoharlalkhattar said.
watch video: whats making newsemphasizing that the gst bill is in the larger interest of the country, naidu said, we have a wider support and we have enough numbers for gst but we would like to have all parties on board because it will have an effect on states.
the delay in passage of the gst bill will hamper the aspirations of people of india and in particular the dreams of the youth, who are thirsty for jobs, naidu said at a press conference here.
prime minister narendramodi , in his second interview to a private news channel, said that theres mistrust between states sometimes on taxes, but the introduction of gst will make this process very transparent.
ready to talk to cong on gst: jaitleynew delhi, nov 5, 2015, dhns: 2:19 istfinance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said introduction of the goods and services tax (gst), is only a question of time and he is ready to meet congress leaders to resolve a parliamentary deadlock.
prime minister modi modiprime minister modi on thursday asked his party mps to expose the lies and disinformation campaign of the opposition over the governments stand on obcs and the gst legislation by studying the facts and creating the right awareness about them.
as regards the compensation to the states on account of any possible loss of revenue following implementation of the gst, arunjaitley said there will be 100 per cent compensation in first three years, 75 per cent in the fourth year and 50 per cent in the fifth year.
we have introduced the gst bill in parliament; we are hopeful to roll it out in 2016, modi said at the indo-german summit here, sharing the dais with german chancellor angela merkel.
to provide legal back up, karnataka unanimously passed the gst bill 2017.
the 5  gst on readymade garments below rs 1,000 would benefit the public, being a mass consumption item, arunjaitley said.
new delhi, apr 24, 2015 (pti) 17:44 istthe long-pending goods and services tax (gst) bill was today moved in the lok sabha for consideration amid stiff resistance by several opposition parties, even as finance minister arunjaitley said it is a win-win measure and states have nothing to fear.
mumbai: hdfc chairman deepakparekh on friday said the goods and services tax (gst) regime can push up the country's growth by as much as 150-200 basis points (bps).
in an interview for a tv news channel, modi said people voted on demonetisation during the 2017 assembly election in uttar pradesh and on gst in the 2018 assembly election in gujarat.
continued outflow of foreign money will keep rupee on tenterhook while increasing gst collection and rbis open market operation may soften the volatility," said vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services.
september data painted an encouraging picture as the sector continued to recover from the disruptions caused by the introduction of the gst in july," said aashna dodhia, economist at ihs markit and author of the report".
tax collection in the state is expected to touch 20% with the introduction of goods and services tax (gst) regime from july 1, finance minister t.m. thomas isaac has said.
on the goods and services tax (gst), modi asked the states to make legislative arrangements without delay for the rollout of the indirect tax regime from july 1.
chief minister sarbananda sonowal, who was also present, said gst has removed the sense of alienation and deprivation from the minds of the people of the northeast by providing huge tax benefits.
i have personally written to every chief minister saying that till such time that the gst stabilises itself, we must not consider seriously imposing some of these taxes because they may increase the burden, the then finance minister arunjaitley had said while replying to a brief debate on the punjab municipal corporation law (extension to chandigarh) amendment bill 2017.
8:45pm: assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal says gst will bring a paradigm shift in the entire indirect tax system.
commerce and industry minister ram today said amercian phone-maker apples demand for tax incentives to set up a manufacturing unit in the country will have be looked at after the goods and services tax (gst) is rolled out.
finance minister arun jailtey (file photo) finance minister arun jailtey (file photo)the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), coupled with a digitised economy ushered in by demonetisation, will make indias economy look much cleaner and bigger, said union finance minister arun jaitley at the vibrant gujarat global summit wednesday.
on the introduction of goods and services tax (gst), captain abhimanyu said almost all states had agreed on the issue after the union government had assured them that no state would have to bear any loss as result of the gst implementation.
during the debate, chief minister vasundhararaje said rajasthan is a consumer state and the common man stands to benefit from the gst, which will provide relief from price rise.
addressing a press conference at the secretariat on friday, mr. ramakrishnudu said the central government would compensate for the loss incurred by the states due to the rolling out of the gst.
asked about gandhi making fun of gst during his campaign tour in south gujarat, arunjaitley said, i firmly believe he has no understanding of this subject, he has not studied it.
simultaneously the gst council will work on the functional modalities for implementation such that same person is not assessed by both centre and states, arunjaitley said.
new delhi, june 28, 2016, dhns 2:53 istgst: modi says one group has made passage of bill 'prestige issue'prime minister modi has pinned hopes on the changed arithmetic in the rajya sabha for the passage of the much-delayed goods and services tax (gst) bill.
prime minister narendramodi (pti /file photo) prime minister narendramodi (pti /file photo)with still two months left till the goods and services tax (gst) roll out, prime minister narendramodi on sunday said consensus on the new tax regime will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism.
not only the gurdwaras but all shrines of other communities should also be given exemption from gst on the offerings for langar," badungar said who was in patiala to attend a religious event at a local gurudwara.
drabu said while there were no exemptions under the gst, the businesses in jammu and kashmir and northeast will continue to enjoy these benefits in the shape of reimbursements.
however, modi told nda leaders to focus on positives like indias progress on several fronts, including its jump in the ease of doing business ratings, and reform measures such as gst to underline his governments efficient handling of the economy.
by aninew delhi: the government is in favour of bringing construction related material in the 5 per cent slab of gst, prime minister modi said on tuesday, while informing that changes in the tax structure will continue as there is scope for improvement.
pti photo/pibprime minister narendramodi on sunday said that the consensus on the goods and services tax (gst) would go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism, while crediting state chief ministers for keeping aside political and ideological differences to arrive at a common ground.
finance minister arunjaitley , however, said that gst compliance will be further simplified to increase the tax base.
chandigarh: on day of gst launch , haryana finance minister captain abhimanyu said that of 2,47,999 dealers in the state, 1,90,234 applicants have successfully registered with the gst system in different districts of the state.
modi said that gst, which aims to bind 1.
pti photo/pibprime minister modi on sunday said that the consensus on the goods and services tax (gst) would go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism, while crediting state chief ministers for keeping aside political and ideological differences to arrive at a common ground.
in his speech, president pranabmukherjee said gst would boost economic efficiency.
many will question how deep an impact the gst will have on the economy in the near- and long-term, firms seem convinced that prospects will brighten as the new tax regime becomes clearer, said de lima.
deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi , who also holds charge of finance and commercial taxes departments, said people have now begun to understand gst which is evident from the fact that the quantum of complaints vis--vis gst has reduced to only 10 per cent.
presenting the state budget proposals, chief minister siddaramaiah said the present system of excise duty on liquor is unable to capture the value addition that takes place in the retail sale of liquor in bars and clubs.
since the rate of cess shall be such so as to maintain the pre-gst tax incidence on such goods therefore there may not be much difference in total tax incidence (tax plus cess) on these goods between the pre-gst and post-gst regime, shukla said.
new delhi, mar 29, 2017, (pti) 14:08 istallaying apprehension of spike in prices of goods and commodities after the roll out of the gst, finance minister arunjaitley today said the tax rates will be kept at the current levels so as not to have any inflationary impact.
gst is a once in a lifetime opportunity for the government to remove anomalies in tobacco taxation in india and bring a fair relief to the tobacco farmers without compromising on its tobacco control goals, faifa general secretary babu said in a statement.
commerce and industry minister nirmalasitharaman today said amercian phone-maker apples demand for tax incentives to set up a manufacturing unit in the country will have be looked at after the goods and services tax (gst) is rolled out.
jaitley said that gst will simplify the most complicated indirect tax system in the country by subsuming various central and state indirect taxes and introducing the concept of one nation, one tax.
commerce minister ram on saturday said the goods and services tax (gst) will help improve indias export growth.
businesses will realise the benefits of input tax credit and gst in coming months, mr. das said during an interaction with aarti krishnan, consultant, the hindu business line , organised by the chennai international centre.
citing a study by international rating agency moodys, naidu said that indias growth story is running the risk of being jeopardised on account of slow progress on major legilsative reforms like gst and claimed that the legislation, if passed could add  1.5 per cent to 2 per cent to the gdp growth of the country.
new delhi: terming the company formed to create it backbone for rollout of gst as anti-national, bjp mp ram today said the goods and services tax (gst) bill can be passed by parliament only if gstn gets security clearancethe goods and services tax network (gstn) is the special purpose vehicle that was formed under the previous upa regime to set up the information technology backbone for rolling out the indirect tax regime that will replace myriad local levies.
talking about gst, patwari said, "as far as industry issues are concerned, at least for six months our focus will remain on the goods and services tax (gst) due from july 1.
jaitley said the council also decided to cut gst rates on 27 common use items.
it is not only the gst but many pro-poor steps are stuck in parliament, pm modi said at a function.
all traders are clear about their registration because of the programmes conducted on gst awareness by fkcci in coordination with the commercial tax department and other trade bodies," b t manohar, chairman, state tax committee, federation of karnataka chambers of commerce & industry (fkcci), said.
visiting surat as part of the ongoing campaign of the narendra modi-led nda government to celebrate four years the bjp rule, smritiirani said that the textile businessmen facing issues with refund under integrated goods and services tax (igst) would be heard at special camps being organised by the finance ministry.
the fm said the new government had inherited a huge number of unpaid bills of the previous governmentthe subsidy bill and the central sales tax compensation, but hoped to meet the challenge of meeting the fiscal deficit target of 4.
countering him, ram said the introduction of the state gst bill is only a formality as it has already been passed by parliament.
asked about congress' reversal of stand on reform measures like goods and services tax (gst), ram said, we have not done u-turn.
stating that the gst rollout is a matter of time, arunjaitley said the obstructionist position of the congress will not continue for long as the countrys mood is reform-oriented.
gst and demonetisation together will lead to higher revenues in future, greater compliance and give us a cleaner and better economy, arunjaitley said.
now the normal gst rate for these services is 18 per cent but because in these sectors the rate itself has been reduced, for job work in these sectors the rate has been fixed at 5 per cent, so that outsourcing through job work in these sectors could be encouraged, arunjaitley said.
about gst implementation, shailesh patwari, president of the gcci, said, "the government has been addressing all our queries ever since gst was implemented.
delhi deputy chief minister manishsisodia said that compensation law has been cleared and certain provisions of c-gst and s-gst which was approved by the law ministry have been cleared.
b'during the debate, chief minister vasundhararaje said rajasthan is a consumer state and the common man stands to benefit from the gst, which will provide relief from price rise.
the broad view was that gst will be largely non-inflationary and is a medium-term structural reform, jain said.
jaitley said the demonetisation, coupled with the implementation of gst, will make india a single market instead of 30 different markets in the states, facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country.
mohan said the government is eyeing world-class implementation of gst".
replying to congress mla from palwal karan singh dalal, the finance minister assured the house that gst will benefit all.
prime minister modi , who wants to make doing business easier in india, has said india needed the tax reform to end widespread evasion by businesses and prevent officials from waging arbitrary tax terrorism.
hope to take gst legislations to parliament this session: fmnew delhi, feb 3, 2017, (pti) 19:12 istkeen to rollout the goods and services tax by july, the government plans to take the supporting legislations to parliament next month, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
gst with a far more efficient system, arunjaitley said, that will increase trade, tax collection and improve ease of doing business.
8: finance minister ram today announced the setting up of two committees to sort out issues hampering the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst).
we would certainly like a good, constructive and positive gst bill to be passed in the interest of the nation, but not a bill with the kind of flaws that the nda version of the bill has, congress leader shashitharoor told ani.
as refunding is a big issue, the gstn decided on complete online refunding from september 24 this year from a single source, either by the central gst or state gst, modi said.
insisting that states have nothing to fear, arunjaitley said, the structure of the gst council is such that states have the veto power.
naidu said gst would revolutionise the taxation system and increase the revenue by 1.
read more hererahul gandhi hits out at bjp govt over gst billspeaking at an interaction with students in mumbai, congress vice president rahulgandhi said it was the bjp which was responsible for the gst bill being delayed for seven years, adding that if the government wanted to see the bill make progress during the upcoming budget session, it would have to give in to their concerns.
(pti)new delhi: prime minister modi today said the consensus on goods and services tax (gst) reflects the spirit of 'one nation, one aspiration, one determination'.
siddaramaiah also said the gst, which will come into effect from april next year, will boost the economic environment.
nangia & co director (indirect taxation) rajat mohan said july 1 looks like the "best case scenario" for gst implementation as by then the industry will also be able to migrate into the new taxation regime.
b t manohar, chairman of taxation committee and team gst of federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industries, said it is consumers' responsibility to ask for the invoice in the proper gst format so that they aren't cheated by vendors.
aam aadmi party trade wing convener brijesh goyal said the workshop was very important as it would facilitate a smooth transition to gst.
in his speech, karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said the gst has forged a new model of cooperative decentralisation in the country.
prime minister modi , in his second interview to a private news channel, said that theres mistrust between states sometimes on taxes, but the introduction of gst will make this process very transparent.
so the entire cross empowerment issue was, we empower each other to say that in case the state authorities look at sgst issue, they also look at cgst and vice versa," shah said.
we are banking on gst checking evasion and buoyancy in collection, arunjaitley said.
hyderabad: union minister m naidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said it is not possible to have one gst rate as the country has vast disparities, but assured investors that government will undertake further reforms after improvement in tax compliance standards.
bengaluru: the goods and services tax, to be rolled out in just over a month, will not only check evasions but also help india evolve as a more tax-compliant society, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
meanwhile, addressing mlas on the premises of the delhi assembly on the gst, chief economic advisor ram said he completely agreed on the principle of bringing liquor and land under the gst and all states should come together to make it happen.
meanwhile, chief minister siddaramaiah on friday said there was no need to convene the special session of the legislature as the president has already given his assent to the gst constitutional amendment bill.
finance minister arunjaitley said the capping of cess was done at a higher rate only to give the goods and services tax council more headroom in the future if there was a need to increase them.
new delhi, jun 26 () following are the top businessnew delhi, jun 26 () following are the top business stories at 2000 hrs today:del15 biz-gst-jaitley-jknew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today asked jammu and kashmir to roll out gst from july 1 as failure to implement it will lead to adverse impact of price rise and put local industry at a disadvantage.
the constitution mandates the gst has to come in place before september 16, 2017 and states who do not do it will lose the right to collect taxes, said the fm.
gst collections in april exceeding rs 1 lakh crore is a landmark achievement and a confirmation of increased economic activity as brought out by other reports, arunjaitley said in a tweet.
hyderabad: union minister m m.venkaiahnaidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
former finance minister p chidambaram, who was elected to the rajya sabha in june, had said the government could accommodate congress demand for mentioning the gst rate cap in the constitution (122nd amendment) or gst bill through skilful drafting.
now, the idea of gst was that let there be just one tax in the country, arunjaitley said.
aur jo 9-10 ki gst council meeting mein agar koi rajya kathinayi paida nahi karega toh mujhe vishwaas hai ki bharat ke vyapar jagat aur bharat ki aarthik vyavastha ko nayi taqat dene mein jo bhi aawashyak sudhaar honge woh kiye jayenge (if no state raises objection in gst council meeting on november 9-10, then i believe that the necessary changes required for the countrys businesses and the countrys economy would be taken), modi said.
expressing thanks to all the members, nitishkumar said bihar has been in favour of gst from the beginning.
the 14 per cent growth in commercial taxes is assured and if it drops due to gst, the centre will compensate the loss, modi said.
in his speech, karnataka chief minister ram said the gst has forged a new model of cooperative decentralisation in the country.
he said awareness on gst was the need of the hour.
the country should eventually have a gst which will have only slabs of zero, 5 per cent and standard rate with luxury and sin goods as an exception, arunjaitley said.
ajith athrady, dh news service, new delhi, may 20 2017, 15:43 istthe goods and services tax (gst) will help improve india's export growth, commerce minister nirmalasitharaman said here on saturday.
many will question how deep an impact the gst will have on the economy in the near- and long-term, firms seem convinced that prospects will brighten as the new tax regime becomes clearer," said de lima.
dropping hints that the government would reduce tax rates under gst, prime minister modi said on tuesday that 99 per cent things would be brought under gst slabs below 18 per cent.
terming gst as the most historic reform in india, modi said it will be implemented from next month in an apparent reference to the scheduled date of july 1.
file photofinance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the goods and services tax (gst), which is likely to be rolled out from july 1, will help curb tax evasion and reduce prices of various commodities by reducing tax on tax.
in a bid for smooth transition to the new tax regime, ram announced the constitution of gst consultation committee in the commercial taxes department that would have representatives from all the important stakeholders.
by ptinew delhi: going forward, as tax revenues significantly increase, india will have gst slabs of 0 per cent, 5 per cent and a standard rate between 12-18 per cent for commonly-used items, finance minister arunjaitley said monday.
i am conscious of (the) fact that the current political attitude of some political parties is to delay implementation of gst but the constitutional mandate is very clear, arunjaitley said, adding the old taxation regime can continue for just one year from september 16, the date of notification.
june 1 is the cut-off for considering reforms for this listing and our gst was implemented from july 1, so there is considerable room for further improved position next time, arunjaitley said.
i&b minister m naidu told reporters that modi explained to nda leaders the importance of the gst bill and the need to pass it.
meanwhile, chief minister ram on friday said there was no need to convene the special session of the legislature as the president has already given his assent to the gst constitutional amendment bill.
new delhi: sounding bullish on the state of economy, union home minister rajnathsingh today said the centre was hopeful of crossing the hurdles in rolling out gst from april 1 next year.
the consensus on gst reflects the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination, modi earlier said in his opening remarks at the meeting.
2: president pranabmukherjee today said states needed to come on board and develop an appropriate mechanism to roll out goods and services tax (gst).
commending the bill for consideration and passage, arunjaitley said: gst is going to lead to a win-win situation as far as the centre and the states are concerned.
talking about the recent roll-out of goods and services tax, pranabmukherjee said the passage of gst speaks volume about the maturity of the parliament.
the meeting also saw trinamool congress pushing for the passage of the gst bill, naidu said.
the sale of land and immovable property should be part of gst so that input tax credit can flow freely in the system, ram said at a conference.
ex-pm should advice cong to change stand on gst: jaitleynew delhi, feb 14, 2015, dhns: 0:46 istif manmohan singh is a real statesman, he should advice congress not to press for gst that provides tariff in constitution, finance minister arunjaitley has said.
addressing bharatiya janata party (bjp) workers, modi said his governments prime objective has been financial inclusion and jan dhan yojana and the gst will help the government achieve its objective.
the laws which enable this (gst) are now before parliament which hopefully should get cleared and once they do get cleared then by the middle of this year we hope to see the implementation as far as this law is concerned, arunjaitley said.
hoping that goods and services tax (gst) will be introduced from july 1, jaitley said a consensus has been arrived at between the centre and states on most of the contentious issues in the gst council meeting.
modi said that traders dont have to wait for the next budget anymore as the gst council has the power to revise the slab every two months.
according to sources, gandhi told the members that the party should play the role of a constructive opposition and should not be seen as against the gst legislations.
consensus on gst will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism, modi said.
although the detailed content of forms was yet to be finalised, modi said adequate time will be given to gst network, which provides the it backbone, as well as businesses for transition.
with figures to show congress governments underperforming on socially key projects, modi said the nda has stemmed the negative tide but was not allowed to work as the opposition was blocking some legislations like the gst bill which is conceived by the united progressive alliance.
b'india is committed to taking hard and difficult decisions in the long-term interest of the economy,prime minister manmohansingh said today,while assuring japanese industry that the long-awaited goods and services tax (gst) regime facing hurdles from states will be in place in an appropriate type by 2014.
commerce minister nirmalasitharaman said in chennai she was very optimistic of the passage of the gst while environment minister prakash javadekar said it will be definitely passed because government enjoyed a majority in rajya sabha.
modi said a slew of decisions made by the gst council and efforts to make gst simpler are steps in that direction.
within the first year of gst implementation, arunjaitley said the number of people who registered for gst has gone up by 74 per cent and government has also been able to bring down tax rates for as many as 334 commodities than previous levels.
commerce minister nirmalasitharaman on saturday said the goods and services tax (gst) will help improve indias export growth.
speaking on the gst bill, modi asked the party to prepare a booklet that will also include details of 100 schemes initiated by the nda government and get the message across to the people  especially how the proposed tax regime will help small traders, a core support base of the bjp.
there would be enough safeguards to the constitution of jammu & kashmir, drabu said in his reply on the second day of the gst in the state assembly.
indias economy should get a lift from the launch of the goods and services tax (gst), finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday, putting a brave face on a slowdown in growth that followed a government crackdown on black money.
finance minister etala rajender, announcing the breakthrough in the talks about goods and services tax (gst) with union finance minister arun jaitley, said that those goods attracting tax between nine per cent and 15 per cent would be now taxed at 12 per cent in telangana.
share this article related article government opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money billgovernment opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money bill the lpg puzzlethe lpg puzzle aadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie pointsaadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie points hope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arun jaitleyhope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arunjaitley aadhaar bill introduced in lok sabhaaadhaar bill introduced in lok sabha aadhaar gets statutory status; centre to bring bill in two dayswhile wrapping up the debate, arunjaitley said that except for some questions with regard to privacy and disclosure of information which have been raised, most speakers have actually supported the bill.
finance minister pranabmukherjee had announced in the budget 2011-12 that a public debate on the services tax to help the government finalise the approach to gst would take place.
still, the best overall performance of the economy was recorded since october 2016, endorsing the standpoint that the economy is recovering from the implementation of the twin shocks of demonetisation and gst, dodhia said.
without doing this, it would be unfair on the centre's part to expect traders to be compliant and deny compensation," said b t manohar, state taxation chairman and team gst of federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industries (fkcci).
we have set up a gst help desk at the gujarat chamber of commerce and industries (gcci) and are representing the issues of specific industries to the government," said shailesh patwari, the gcci president.
talking about gst and demonetisation, gandhi claimed: due to gst and demonetisation, small and medium businesses have been destroyed.
to start with, there should be lighter penal provision for offences for at least two years as gst is a new tax regime and traders would need time to understand the law, jain said.
modi, who is also the state finance minister, has said the delay in resolving the issue might create difficulties in implementing goods and services tax (gst).
siddaramaiah, who also holds the finance portfolio, said he had not heeded to the traders demand to lower the vat slabs in anticipation of the introduction of the goods and service tax (gst) regime in 2016-17.
i have already asked the state chief secretary to send a strong letter to the union finance ministry elaborating on our objections to accepting the gst in its present form, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said at a district-level meeting in her state.
addressing the traders, gandhi said, modi has enforced 'gabbar singh tax' (gst), which has 'destroyed' your business.
reading from the newspaper clipping, kejriwal said modi had said in 2012 that imposing excise duty would encourage inspector raj and 90 per cent of the jewellery business was small-scale sector that generated the most employment.
we have received 43 complaints so far in haryana where benefits of lower tax rates under the gst regime were not passed on to consumers," state finance minister captain abhimanyu said while talking to reporters here today.
with the impact of demonetisation largely over and the gst unlikely to substantially derail consumer spending, ihs markit forecast real gdp growth to hit  7.3 per cent for 2017- 18 as a whole," lima said.
former chief economic adviser arvind ram said cross-border ease of doing business has not improved and corporate tax reforms need to be undertaken.
unless the government sets up an effective mechanism for refund, the new rules will be seen draconian, said b t manohar, chairman of states taxation committee of fkcci and member of karnataka state gst advisory committee.
the introduction of the goods and services tax (gst) weighed heavily on the indian manufacturing industry in july," said pollyanna de lima, economist at ihs markit.
pwc leader (indirect tax) jain said the arrest provisions as per the revised model gst law may lead to undue harassment for traders.
in a separate reply, shukla said the gst anti-profiteering authority has till december 26 received 169 complaints alleging suppliers of goods have not passed on benefit of cost cuts.
the council will meet again on january 3-4 and will discuss the contentious issue of cross-empowerment, the only main issue that is lacking consensus, said finance minister arunjaitley adding that the next session will also see the cgst and sgst laws being framed in legal language and placed before the states.
(source-express photo/nirmal harindran)with petrol ruling at 55-month high and diesel at record levels, andhra pradesh chief minister n babu has asked central government to cut excise duty on the fuels to ease the burden on people.
vinod nair, head of research, geojit bnp paribas financial services ltd, said, market tumbled as investors are concerned over the final lap of us political battle and higher tax burden from gst.
mr. ramakrishnudu said that andhra pradesh did not endorse the view that only the central government officials can administer the service tax assessees and that it was a matter of doubt how the central excise department officials, who have experience only in matters related to excise duty within the factory premises and do not have any exposure to sales tax matters, could administer the goods component of the central goods and services act and integrated goods and services act.
though finance minister arunjaitley had said he was not averse to consulting congress vice-president rahul gandhi on the gst and other issues, congress leaders claimed that no one from the government had approached them.
p chidambaram said, before the economy could recover from demonitisation, we had this great gst.
any form of direct or indirect gst on free supplies could have a significant impact on the sales & marketing spend of companies, specifically those dealing in consumer products," said pratik jain, national indirect tax leader at pwc prashant raizada, partner - indirect tax at bdo india, said, "the model gst law does not provide any specific guidance on taxability of free samples issued by an entity to a prospective customer".
hyderabad: telangana finance minister eatala rajender said on tuesday that the state would suffer huge financial losses if the centre brings petrol and diesel under the ambit of goods and services tax ( gst ).
accusing the government of bringing gst to favour the corporates, chidambaram said his party congress had to speak for the common people, who were the "third factor" besides the centre and states, that would be affected by taxes.
by ptiwashington: demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst) are the two major headwinds that held back india's economic growth last year, former rbi governor ram has said, asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country's needs.
the proposed law will not harass honest taxpayers, but is aimed at tax evaders, finance minister pranabmukherjee told members of lok sabha on tuesday, replying to the general discussion on budget, which marks the completion of one of the three stages of passage of the budget.
congress leader rahulgandhi had also tweeted government says 99 per cent of goods will be at 18 per cent gst.
(source-express photo/nirmal harindran)with petrol ruling at 55-month high and diesel at record levels, andhra pradesh chief minister n naidu has asked central government to cut excise duty on the fuels to ease the burden on people.
this measure should significantly help in assuaging the concerns of inadequate readiness of gstn being faced by the industry and confirms that preparedness of gstn will not be a roadblock for the implementation of gst as was being anticipated by the industry, said rajeev dimri , leader for indirect tax practice at consultancy bmr & associates.
it will be disastrous and that cannot be gst, it will be fooling the country, chidambaram told an interactive session with iim calcutta students on economic reforms.
ani byraebareli: congress president rahulgandhi on saturday said that no prime minister except narendra modi took foolish decisions such as demonetisation and goods and servies tax (gst) in the past 70 years.
september data painted an encouraging picture as the sector continued to recover from the disruptions caused by the introduction of gst in july," said aashna dodhia, economist at ihs markit, and author of the report.
rahul gandhi , the president of the congress, had, in may, said if his party came to power, there would be only one slab of the gst and that the party was against the 28 per cent slab.
limiting the zero rating to food grains or agri products may not lead to any significant reduction on tax costs for the consumers, said rajeev dimri, leader, indirect tax, bmr & associates llp while reacting to gst rate announcement here on thursday.
it is also highly expected that many sections of the industry may not be fully compliant with various requirements of gst law from day 1 itself and would require a transitioning period of few months, post the go-live date," said rajeev dimri, bmr and associates llp leader (indirect tax).
mr. ramakrishnudu said he would take to the notice of union finance minister arun jaitley, who is also chairman of the gst council, the representations he received from various institutions, including the ttd, seeking exemption under the gst.
1:45 pm: aiadmks g ram ram says tamil nadu is concerned about the impact gst will have on its fiscal autonomy.
while taking a number of questions on gst, rahulgandhi told the audience that the very structure of gst is flawed.
everyone is trying to understand what to do with the stock they bought before the gst came into effect, mr. goyal said.
bengal shadowwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had said on friday that her government would not support the new gst system in its present form and that her government would write to jaitley to make some amendments to make it suitable for all the sections of the society.
read more hererahul gandhi hits out at bjp govt over gst billspeaking at an interaction with students in mumbai, congress vice president gandhi said it was the bjp which was responsible for the gst bill being delayed for seven years, adding that if the government wanted to see the bill make progress during the upcoming budget session, it would have to give in to their concerns.
less than a month before the gst regime is set to kick in from july 1, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee today said her government would not support the new tax system in its present form.
from 28% the rate of gst should be decreased to 18% for auto parts and car accessories and 12% for tractor parts, said brijesh goyal, convener of aap's delhi trade wing.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said the states are not in favour of including petrol and diesel into gst at the moment, ruling out any immediate levy of the new indirect tax on these petroleum products.
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said the issue could be resolved if gst compliance structure is simplified and government programmes are designed to achieve a robust digital literacy in the long run".
they had to tell us that due to steps such as gst, their earnings have got halved in the recent time, said gandhi , terming the initiative as gabbar singh tax, appealing voters to remember how they were made to stand in queue (during demonetization) while casting their vote.
ani byraebareli: congress president gandhi on saturday said that no prime minister except narendra modi took foolish decisions such as demonetisation and goods and servies tax (gst) in the past 70 years.
addressing a seminar on gst conducted as part of the diamond jubilee celebrations of the assembly for mlas by the institute of parliamentary studies and the gulati institute for finance and taxation here on monday, dr. isaac said the state government had raised the demand at the gst council meeting.
under gst, papad is not being taxed at all, while spices and masalas attract 5  tax, said 75-year-old m n ram , founder of the karnataka state pickle manufacturers association.
finance minister arunjaitley said the revision in gst rates was considered after receiving several representations from trade and industry.
by ptiwashington: demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst) are the two major headwinds that held back india's economic growth last year, former rbi governor raghuramrajan has said, asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country's needs.
mr. ramakrishnudu said there was a reduction in effective rates on several goods under the gst, but there was no corresponding fall in the prices of goods.
while rbis market stabilisation scheme (mss) to suck the excess liquidity out of the system provided some short-lived relief to banks, the ongoing gst council meet and issues related to dual control and implementation disrupted the investors mood," said vinod nair, head of research, geojit bnp paribas financial services.
making the announcement, delhi chief minister arvindkejriwal said, since independence, vips  politicians and officers have been provided free electricity and water from taxpayers money.
rajender said that while supporting the implementation of gst (goods and services tax), telangana urged the centre to exempt paddy, petrol and diesel from the new tax regime.
the proposal of the government of india to bring petroleum products under the ambit of the goods and services tax is another area of concern which would seriously diminish the limited revenue resources of the states, j.jayalalithaa said.
dr. isaac, in his reply, said that price rise following the implementation of the gst regime was indeed a serious issue and that the centres attitude towards the concerns expressed by the states was very unhelpful.
after the implementation of gst, as per our initial estimation, the state may see a short fall of rs 2,900 crore in revenue," ramakrishnudu told pti".
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said lower claim of tax credit could be due to multiple reasons, some of which would be genuine like delay in recording/processing of invoices, incorrect endorsement of gstin in gstr -1 by supplier, among others".
in bhilwara, gandhi said demonetisation and gst left lakhs of people unemployed.
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said gst would make dutyfree shops uncompetitive via-a-vis those situated outside the airport.
stating that there was no proper awareness at field level on gst in spite of all the publicity glitz, mr. rajender said even tax consultants and officials were still in confusion on many issues.
up chief minister akhileshyadav said here that his party would not support the gst bill without ascertaining if its passage would result in any financial loss to the state exchequer.
karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said the gst bill has provision to merge the entry tax with the gst and adoption of this clause would lead to a loss to the state revenues.
(file photo) p chidambaram said, before the economy could recover from demonitisation, we had this great gst.
referring to the revised draft constitutional amendment bill on gst circulated by the central government, j.jayalalithaa said there are number of serious concerns on the impact of proposed gst whould have on the fiscal autonomy of the states.
they have hiked excise duty on fuel, mamatabanerjee said.
while taking a number of questions on gst, gandhi told the audience that the very structure of gst is flawed.
making it clear that andhra pradesh will not accept the proposal of cross empowerment to state officers under igst act, aimed at excluding state authorities to adjudicate cases, if any issue relating to import or export of goods or services is involved, yanamala said that the state authorities have been administering cst act 1956 and assessing the genuineness of exports as it involves refund of taxes paid at input stage".
why would we want to hike taxes and earn brickbats when gst is likely to be implemented across the country soon ?
on demonetisation and the gst implementations, gandhi claimed that people have confusion about these.
former finance minister and congress leader p chidambaram former finance minister and congress leader p chidambaramthe proposed multiple rate gst structure will be disastrous and nothing more than same old vat rates in a new shape, former finance minister p chidambaram said on monday.
rajeev dimri, leader (indirect tax) at bmr & associates, said, "the overarching public opinion on gst is that contrary to the declared intent, it would make things more complex".
capital values that are already reduced in selected locations within markets such as delhi-ncr, bengaluru and mumbai, will continue to remain under pressure in the coming quarter as the markets readjust in the post rera and gst regime, jain said.
in a statement, its president n. jegatheesan and senior president s. rethinavelu said that the trade and industry was apprehensive that when the gst was introduced under single country, single market, single tax principle, the revenue neutral rate might be fixed by individual states at a higher scale.
there is growing support of the congress' objections on gst, many corporates strongly support our objections, former finance minister p ram told reporters.
on gst, arunjaitley said if there is an intention to resolve all can be resolved.
expressing his opinion with regard to the complexities involved in running businesses under gst laws, chidambaram said, you cant have this fantastic nonsense of asking people to file three returns a month in every state, which means if im doing business all over india, we have to file thousand returns.
gandhi claimed that lakhs of youth lost jobs because of demonetisation and gst as production in factories stopped due to lack of demand in the market.
speaking to mediapersons here on sunday, dr. isaac said that gst had resulted in price hike of commodities.
that said, it remained on a weak growth trajectory amid reports that the goods and services tax (gst) was still hindering efforts to secure new clients," said aashna dodhia, economist at ihs markit, and the author of the report.
the central government should immediately withdraw the gst on purchases made by the sgpc and other religious institutions that are doing community service of this magnitude," prithipal singh, a devout sikh who has been doing voluntary service at the langar hall of the golden temple complex in amritsar for the past nearly a decade, told ians.
badungar said there were indications that the gst council would waive off the tax but the issue was not even discussed in the meeting.
similarly, haryana finance minister captain abhimanyu said the gst council needed to ensure that there is no increase in the price of farm goods, which have been exempted from the new levy.
when asked why did the congress allow the gst bill to be passed in the rajya sabha if they knew it was flawed, gandhi said, we had tried stopping.
speaking at the meeting of group of ministers (gom) on the information-technology related issues of gst in bengaluru on saturday, telangana finance minister eatala rajender said the details of gst tax payers, particularly of those who have filed returns, were not accessible to states now.
finance minister eatala rajender said here on tuesday that the state government will have the option of taking recourse to a legal battle against the goods and services tax if the centre was reluctant to consider its appeals to reduce the tax on its projects and schemes from 12% to 5%.
that said, it remained on a weak growth trajectory amid reports that the goods and services tax (gst) was still hindering efforts to secure new clients, said aashna dodhia, economist at ihs markit, and the author of the report.
chidambaram said, gst stands for gabbar singh tax, the rate must not be more than 18 per cent in any circumstance.
reiterating that the gst was 'god service tax', badungar said, repeated pleas before the prime minister and the union finance minister had failed to yield desired results.
raising his pet poll issues, gandhi said: prime minister narendra modi ruined the country's economy by implementing demonetisation and 'gabbar singh tax' (gst).
therefore, excise duty collection this quarter may fall unless the government provides higher percentage of deemed credit (currently proposed at 40 per cent of cgst), jain said.
karnataka chief minister ram said the gst bill has provision to merge the entry tax with the gst and adoption of this clause would lead to a loss to the state revenues.
business confidence eased to the weakest since february as some firms expressed concerns over negative gst effects," dodhia said.
in the backdrop of the industry's demand to reduce the proposed gst rates of 5 per cent, 12 per cent, 18 per cent and 28 per cent after demonetisation, cbec chairman najib shah said the centre and the states collected rs 8 lakh crore from indirect taxes, minus customs duty, and the same level of revenue had to be collected in the gst regime.
the industry also expects the gst level to be rationalised to a lower level (28 per cent to 18 per cent) to accommodate the downturn in sales, ram said.
the sangathan president gautamkothari said, industries are already suffering due to gst and poor global market.
notebandi (demonetisation), prohibition and goods and services tax (gst) were very courageous steps, but many times i feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than demonetisation, deputy chief minister modi said at de-addiction day celebrations in patna in the presence of nitish and prohibition, excise and registration minister bijendra prasad yadav.
jairam ram (congress) said no one government can take credit for gst and quoted a conversation between lord krishna and arjuna: die following your religion than following that of the other.
returns are the soul of gst and credit is based on that, modi said.
govt to talk to cong, other parties on gst: venkaiahbengaluru, aug 18, 2015, (pti) 15:36 istthe centre would shortly hold discussions with congress and other parties to bring them around to facilitate passage of the gst and some other key bills before the winter session of parliament, union parliamentary affairs minister m naidu said today.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on monday said the centre and states were close to completing the first stage of gst rationalisation by removing most items from the 28  slab with a convergence of the 12  and 18  bracket being the next step in the process.
on what should be the rate of gst, arunjaitley said: the lower the better.
siddaramaiah said he will take up the issue in the next gst council meeting.
the panel held detailed discussions with stakeholders on tuesday and another seven days have been given for the feedback before the final draft will be sent to the gst council, comprising union and state finance ministers, modi said.
the cabinet today approved the draft legislation of gst and desired that we should hold a special session of the assembly starting, perhaps from the 17th (of june) to discuss the specific issue of extension of the gst to the state of jammu and kashmir, drabu said.
asked whether the central gst and the integrated gst bills would come up before parliament during the winter session, arunjaitley said, that is the effort.
finance minister yanamala ramakrishnaudu on saturday said the state government was sparing no efforts in seeking total exemption to the ttd from the gst registration.
new delhi: th e centre will share the draft model gst law with the states tomorrow as it prepares for the rollout of goods and services tax (gst) from april 1 next year, cbec chairman najib shah said today.
a few days ago, finance minister arunjaitley had said at a function in mumbai that the stalling gst was providing sadistic pleasure to some people.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said that the government wanted all parties on board for the gst bill.
jairam ram (congress) said no one government can take credit for gst.
in his meeting with top revenue department officials yesterday, modi said the gst council would need to have intensive meetings to be able to make timely recommendations relating to its mandate, including proposals relating to model gst laws, gst rates, goods and services that may be subjected to or exempted from gst.
when asked whether the gst could be rolled out from april one, 2017, arunjaitley said, i am trying my best.
but i am sure as the gst experience moves on, i think, natural gas, real estate -- these are areas which are to be brought in and then probably at some stage we will keep trying for petrol, diesel and potable alcohol, arunjaitley said.
a day after gandhi said the gst bill will be passed in parliament in just 15 minutes with his party's support if the narendra modi government accepted conditions laid down by it, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said it was not not fair on its part to set conditions for the passage of the measure.
prior to tabling the bill, chief minister siddaramaiah said gst was the brainchild of the upa government, and it was started by then finance minister p chidambaram.
since the banking industry will also be liable to pay the goods and services tax (gst), in the afternoon session the bankers will meet revenue secretary hasmukh adhia and other officials of certain departments of governments, arunjaitley said.
a few days back, drabu had said the mehbooba mufti government is genuinely interested in building a consensus because the gst is a regime that would last for the next 30-40 years.
he said the haryana goods and services tax act, 2017 had been passed by the haryana vidhan sabha on may 4.
in view of the unrelenting attitude of the congress on the gst issue, finance minister arunjaitley said, keeping this political reality in mind, cabinet committee on political affairs (ccpa) decided to recommend to president to prorogue monsoon session.
in a week, a draft will be prepared and presented before the gst council, which will take the final call on returns simplification, modi said, adding that till the new system is implemented, gstr-3b summary return form will continue.
new delhi: political resistance of some parties will not delay the goods and service tax as a constitutional embargo means the tax reform will have to roll out by september next year, finance minister arunjaitley said on saturday.
efforts are on to ensure that gst is in place by the end of this session, said pm modi.
after the passage of gst bill with voice vote, drabu said new tax regime will roll out in the state at midnight, making j&k the last state to join the gst.
dh photochief minister ram on wednesday said the state government has completed all the formalities to introduce goods and service tax (gst) from july 1.
talking about the new indirect tax regime, arunjaitley said the government is fully on course to implement the goods and services tax (gst) by july 1.
assembly passes state gst billchief minister siddaramaiah said karnataka is prepared to implement the gst in the state.
modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
shrinking cong strength in rs will make gst happen: jaitleynew delhi, dec 30, 2015, (pti) 19:37 isthitting back at congress party's trinity remarks, finance minister arunjaitley today said gods don't vote in parliament, and gst will happen as the strength of main opposition party is shrinking in the rajya sabha.
on a clarification sought by bjps som prakash, amarindersingh said there would be similar waiver on the gst on langar or prasad for durgiana mandir and bhagwan valmiki tirath sthal.
addressing the cii delhi state annual session today, deputy chief minister manishsisodia said he wants to set up the cell in coordination with the confederation of indian industry (cii) to help small traders understand gst which is expected to come into effect from july 1.
thanks to all this, people are being spared tax hikes, and commodities in the state will not be dearer at least for four months before we know the new tax rates under gst, said b t manohar, chairman of taxation committee of federation of chambers of commerce (fkcci).
besides, 10 taxes of state government like vat, entry tax, luxury tax, entertainment tax etc would be included in state gst, modi said.
adhia said 23 types of cess of the central government and several other kinds of cess charged by the state government would abolish following implementation of gst.
(source: pti photo) parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said that the government wanted all parties on board for the gst bill.
raising voice against the proposal to exclude state authorities to adjudicate cases if any issue related to import or export of goods or services are involved is also contested under integrated gst act, yanamala said that the state authorities have been administering cst act, 1956 and assessing the genuineness of exports as it involves refund of taxes paid at input stage.
the state will receive an additional income of rs. 3,000 crore once the gst regime is implemented, finance minister t.m. thomas isaac has said.
naidu, who presented a report card on the achievements of the nda government during the last 20 months, said the centre would strive to get the long-pending gst bill passed in the budget session of parliament which would begin after february 20.
the last date for gst roll out is september 15 but we are trying it from july, arunjaitley said.
its better late than never, said the cmearlier in march, amarindersingh announced waiver of the state governments 50  share in the gst on langar at the golden temple, durgiana temple, bhagwan valmiki tirath and key shrines of the other communities.
finance minister t.m. thomas isaac said here on saturday that the state government would soon develop software to be supplied free to trade and industry for gst migration.
rajat mohan, partner in amrg and associates said the cbec had in september 2017 allowed businesses to rectify errors in gstr-3b returns while filing gstr-1 and gstr-2 of the same month.
therefore, gst will have to paid only in exceptional situation where gifts are given on voluntary basis, such as diwali gifts to employees and that too if the value is more than rs 50,000," said pratik jain, partner and leader indirect tax at consulancy firm pwc india.
naidu said he even indicated that the government was willing to advance the budget session to ensure passage of the gst bill and the real estate regulatory bill.
pm modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
the union budget 2017-18 and the working of the ministry of railways and gst bills were discussed at length, chairman hamidansari said in his valedictory remarks before adjourning the house sine die.
open to changes in land bill that benefit poor: pmnew delhi: may 28, 2015, dhns 2:14 istparties should keep aside political motives: modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers, poor, village and nation will be accepted, prime minister modi said on wednesday asserting that along with gst bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time.
earlier this week, prime minister narendramodi had said 99 per cent of goods and services will be brought in the 18-per-cent or less gst slabs and the highest slab restricted to just a few select luxury and sin goods.
prime minister modi said the gst will come to fruition on monday, when the bill is expected to be tabled again in the lok sabha to discuss the amendments made by the rajya sabha.
as per the new circular, mohan said "all rectifications can be made in the same month's gstr-3b and gstr -1".
sonowal said his government will appoint nodal officers temporarily in every circle to help the taxpayers to register themselves under gst.
in the just-concluded session of parliament, the passage of the constitution amendment bill for the introduction of gst amidst non-partisan and quality parliamentary deliberations is reason enough to celebrate our democratic maturity, pranabmukherjee said in his fifth address as the president.
kerala has asked the centre to reduce the goods and services tax (gst) rates for 24 items, finance minister t.m. thomas isaac told the assembly on tuesday.
prof g v ram , professor of economics at nitte institute of management and former member of karnataka state planning board said that the chief ministers budget speach clearly showed that the state is all set to implement gst from july 2017.
the guiding principle in fixing the gst rates is that it should not exceed the combined rate of vat+ central excise/service tax lest it would trigger inflation and hardship to the consumers, state finance minister ram said in a letter to union finance minister arun jaitley.
our argument is that the exemptions given in vat be continued in the gst regime also, said finance minister yanamala ramakrishnudu.
gst has to be implemented latest by september 16, 2017, and if it is not implemented by then, then states will not be able to collect their share of taxes, and hence there is not enough scope to further delay the decision, arunjaitley said while inaugurating the two-day economic editors conference,so far the government has been successful to resolve most of the major issues through consensus, arunjaitley said, adding we have already sorted out 10 issues.
so, the entire cross empowerment issue was, we empower each other in case the state authorities look at sgst issue, they also look at cgst and vice versa," shah said.
on the issue of taxation powers in offshore areas, which was raised by states in the previous gst council meeting, arunjaitley said states will have taxation powers up to 12 nautical miles in offshore areas.
by uninew delhi: the gst council of state finance ministers began on saturday and may look into the issue of filing of returns and the refund processes for small and mid-size businesses and reach a consensus on taxation as prime minister modi had announced that 99 per cent of 1,200 goods and services would be brought under 18 per cent slab or less.
andhra pradesh finance minister ram said the gst council in the 10th meeting discussed the draft model gst law provisions and drat compensation law which are vetted by the law ministry.
finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said that the goods and services tax (gst) council has cleared the draft compensation law -- one of the four enabling laws under the gst constitutional amendment.
pwc india leader (indirect tax) jain said, it is encouraging to see that within four days of the assent of the constitution amendment bill by the president, the government has approved the setting up of the gst council and the first meeting of the council is to be held within 10 days of the cabinet approval.
finance minister arunjaitley has said that the fitment will begin immediately after the march 31, gst council meeting which will pass the last bunch of rules required for the roll out.
in a facebook post titled 'eighteen months of gst', arunjaitley said, of the 1,216 commodities which are used, broadly 183 are taxed at zero rates, 308 at 5 per cent, 178 at 12 per cent and 517 at 18 per cent.
without arn, traders cannot get their gst identification (gstin) which is required to raise the tax invoice and bill of sale.
regarding gst, the finance minister said it would be an integrated tax regime which would replace 16 taxes currently being levied by the centre and the state government.
citing that the whole process will take time till march, arunjaitley said that july 1 will be a more realistic date to roll out gst.
vijayawada/hyderabad: with parliament passing the gst bill in the just-concluded session, union finance minister arunjaitley has now asked andhra pradesh and telangana to ensure its early ratification.
nangia and co director-indirect taxation rajat mohan said return filing under gst regime would necessitate much more data in terms of invoices, debit notes and credit notes that would be matched online".
once that is done, it creates conditions for implementing gst, rajeev dimri, leader, indirect taxes at bmr advisors, said.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said the four bills that are crucial for the rollout of the goods and service tax (gst) will be introduced in the lok sabha by early next week and the rate structure would be worked out after march.
gcci president shailesh patwari , said, igst refunds between rs 4,000 crore and rs 5,000 crore are yet to be processed.
by tomorrow we will share the model gst law with the states which has been redrafted after taking into account the comments of stakeholders, shah said while inaugurating the cbec pavilion at the iitf.
august's pmi results showed that manufacturers in india recovered quickly from the sharp slump that followed the introduction of the goods & services tax, said pollyanna de lima, principal economist at ihs markit and the author of the report.
we hope the gst council clarify this soon and till such time, we suggest the jewellers make do with a simple delivery challan ," said b t manohar, chairman of taxation committee, federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industries.
the bills very clearly specify that gst would be charged on any lease of land or letting out of the building or construction of a complex, building, civil structure or a part thereof, where whole or any part of consideration has been received before issuance of completion certificate or its first occupation," nangia & co director rajat mohan said.
introducing four bills to give effect to the goods and services tax (gst), arunjaitley said the legislations will have to be passed by parliament and one by each of the state assemblies to turn india into one market with a single tax rate.
rajat mohan, director at tax consultant nangia & co, said: "gst is the biggest change that our country would see in last 50 years.
the panel today also cleared the state-gst (s-gst) and union territory gst (ut-gst) legislations, arunjaitley said while briefing reporters on the deliberations at the 12th meeting of the all-powerful gst council.
economic affairs secretary subhashchandragarg said demonetisation and gst reflect long-term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms.
dh photochief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday said the state government has completed all the formalities to introduce goods and service tax (gst) from july 1.
on whether the government will be able to stick to the deadline of april 1, 2016 for rolling out the gst, arunjaitley said, your guess is as good as mine.
mr. ramakrishnudu, in the letter, said there was a reduction in effective rates of tax on several goods under the gst.
communist party of india-marxist (cpi-m) leader ram said the issue of the gst bill cannot be settled between the congress and the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) alone.
at a meeting organised by union finance minister arun jaitley on gst in new delhi on tuesday, yanamala said andhra pradesh has been collecting vat on the transactions taking place in the territorial waters extending up to 12 nautical miles from the coast since a long time.
b t manohar, chairman, taxation committee, federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industry, said every tax invoice should provide details about central gst (which will be levied by the cental government) and karnataka gst (which will be levied by state government).
prior to tabling the bill, chief minister ram said gst was the brainchild of the upa government, and it was started by then finance minister p chidambaram.
shah said that the gst council has to take into consideration the range of products under gst and the political compulsion of every state while taxing them.
the gom will meet one more time as there are issues to be discussed, including the benefits or losses to the exchequer, modi said, stating that the gom will meet again in 10 days and finalise its view, which would then be recommended to the gst council.
rajeev dimri, leader, indirect tax, bmr and associates llp, said, "gst bills as passed by lok sabha should provide enough material to india inc to start implementing gst for the business".
finance minister captain abhimanyu who presented the bill said, "efforts were being made for the last 10-12 years in the country to implement gst but the main impediment was lack of consensus between the centre and the states".
the state has demanded strong action to ensure that the maximum retail price (mrp) of all goods is slashed while traders are introducing fresh stock to the market post-goods and service tax (gst) regime, finance minister t.m. thomas isaac has said.
now the responsibility is on the vidhan sabha to pass the gst bill, yogiadityanath said.
jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti (express photo by renuka puri) jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti (express photo by renuka puri)jammu and kashmir, the only state which failed to meet the june 30 timeline for the gst rollout, is likely to clear the legislation on the indirect tax regime by july 6, its finance minister haseeb drabu said in new delhi on friday.
drabu said the gst regime will roll out in the state at midnight, making jammu and kashmir the last state to join the new tax regime.
finance minister y. ramakrishnudu on saturday said he would raise the issue of granting exemption to the tirumala tirupati devasthanams (ttd) under the proposed goods and services tax (gst) at the gst council meeting in new delhi on sunday.
former finance minister p ram , who had set the red lines outlined by the congress, said the congress was yet to receive any official copy of the revised formulations from the government on the gst bill.
with regard to the goods and services tax (gst), meghwal said the government intends to implement it from april 1.
berlin: prime minister modi today said india has already completed a sizable part of reforms and the historic goods and services tax (gst) regime will be rolled out from july.
on gst bill, ram said the congress wanted it to go to the select committee because certain provisions in the bill were not there when the then finance minister p ram presented it in parliament in march 2011.
in gst, there is no centralised exemption but if a state wants, it can refund the state gst for promoting regional cinema, arunjaitley said.
introducing the ap state goods and services bill 2017, finance minister yanamala ramakrishnudu said the proposed legislation, introduced on the instructions of the gst council which circulated a draft of the state gst, would confer powers on the state government to levy goods and services tax on the supply of goods and services or both which take place within the state.
addressing a seminar on compliance procedures under gst organised by the federation of andhra pradesh and telangana chambers of commerce and industry (ftapcci) here, mr. ramakrishnudu said gst had not yet been fixed for 10 commodities.
he said the government was setting up a company called gstm, a gigantic goods and services tax platform to house all data related to it.
on the issue of review of gst rate on hybrid cars, a detailed paper will be circulated and, after taking comments from states, it will be taken up by the council later, if necessary, arunjaitley said.
on the timing of gst implementation, arunjaitley said the government could not have postponed it as there was a constitutional deadline.
july 1 now optimistically looks like the implementation date for gst, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters after a day-long meeting with his state counterparts at the gst council.
gst will put in place a state-of-the-art indirect tax system by april 1, 2016, arunjaitley said on saturday.
dh news service, new delhi, jun 4 2017, 1:19 istgovt confident of july 1 gst rolloutgold and silver will be taxed at 3  under the goods and services tax regime, finance ministry arunjaitley announced after a meeting of the gst council on saturday.
the gst council has given an option to the states to look into the sgst component and the state governments can take decision whether to levy or exempt it, depending on the priority of the sector," said b t manohar, taxation committee chairman at federation of karnataka chambers of commerce and industries (fkcci).
it is a coincidence that i was the finance minister when value added tax (vat) was introduced and now when gst is going to be introduced, i hold the finance portfolio, siddaramaiah said.
regarding gst, jain said the government prefers to stick to the july 1 deadline for its implementation.
this loss will, however, be compensated by the government of india from the fund created under the goods and services tax (compensation to states) act, 2017, yanamala told the house.
siddaramaiah also said since parliament has already passed gst bill, the state assembly did not have much scope to debate over it because decision-making powers are vested with the gst council.
reacting to the demand of opposition to bring a separate gst law for j&k, drabu said alternative law will require amending constitution of j&k and of india.
we have sent a representation to this effect to the council, said b t manohar, chairman of state taxation committee of fkcci and member of the gst advisory committee to the government of karnataka.
sector-specific ups and downs may remain as gst implementation is round the corner," said vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services ltd.the bse 30-share sensex, after opening higher, scaled a high of 31, 229.44, but slipped to end lower by  80.18 points, or  0.26 per cent, at 31, 075.73.
capt abhimanyu said the officers of the state excise and taxation department and the tax research unit had identified some other dealers involved in gst-related fraudulent activities.
the registration certificate of the firm has already been cancelled under the haryana gst and central gst act to prevent any further fraudulent activity by the dealer, he said.
both the parliamentary affairs minister and myself have discussed the gst with every senior congress leader in parliament, arunjaitley said, asking whether congress insistence on constitutional cap for gst was politically motivated.
the bills very clearly specify that gst would be charged on any lease of land or letting out of the building or construction of a complex, building, civil structure or a part thereof, where whole or any part of consideration has been received before issuance of completion certificate or its first occupation, nangia & co director rajat mohan said.
while motor fuels are yet to be brought under the ambit of goods and services tax (gst), the demand is that sales tax burden be reduced for now, said b t manohar, chairman state taxation committee of fkcci.
tncci president jegatheesan, in a press release, said that the apart from exempting essential commodities, there has been a proper fitment of other items under the various tax rates of 5%, 12%, 18% and 28% under gst.
the gom has invited suggestions from industry and tax experts within a week, which will be incorporated in a report and tabled before the gst council, modi said.
some major reasons for the growth could be reconciliations by businesses of outward and inward supplies, intelligent data analytics, related tax leakage detections and consequent gst payment by businesses, abhishek jain , tax partner, ey india, said.
b'finance minister arunjaitley (pti/file) finance minister arunjaitley (pti/file)finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said government may seek voting on gst constitution amendment bill in rajya sabha in the monsoon session in case congress continues to oppose the long-pending indirect tax law.
today, the gst system has been established to a large extent and we are working towards a position where 99  items will attract the sub-18  gst slab, modi said at an event in mumbai on tuesday.
assembly passes state gst billchief minister ram said karnataka is prepared to implement the gst in the state.
while the lists are yet to be rolled out by the gst council, all essential commodities and services, including education and health care should feature in the list of special concessional rate of 5% (if not zero rated)," said bmr indirect tax leader rajeev dimri.
congress leader gandhi had also tweeted government says 99 per cent of goods will be at 18 per cent gst.
the rates would be the big item to discuss and after that we will go on to draft rules of gst law, said arunjaitley , adding that the  discussion was inconclusive and therefore it will continue in the next meeting on 18th (october).
the impact of the demonetisation and the gst is well behind us, finance minister arunjaitley said on thursday after the numbers were announced.
enabling provisions have been made for the introduction of an anti-profiteering measure, wherein a mechanism may be established to monitor whether the benefit arising to industry on account of gst is passed on to the consumers, said pratik jain, partner and leader (indirect tax) at pwc.
finance minister arunjaitley on monday said the government could look at merging the 12 per cent and 18 per cent slabs in the gst structure and taking cement off the top bracket of 28 per cent.
so one modi created gst,the other modi made sure it did not happen, ram said.
5:05pm: the proposed tax straucture under gst is much more complex to what we have at present, said jain , partner and leader of indirect tax at pwc india.
countering him, siddaramaiah said the introduction of the state gst bill is only a formality as it has already been passed by parliament.
in a letter to the chief ministers of all the states wednesday, text of which was released to the media here sep 11, j.jayalalithaa said: i do hope you will agree with my views that, before enactment of the constitutional amendment bill on gst is taken up, the government of india should strive for a broad consensus on the important issues relating to gst without compromising the fiscal autonomy of the states.
chandigarh: chief minister amarindersingh on wednesday announced waiver of the state governments 50  share in the goods and services tax (gst) on community kitchen (langar) at golden temple, durgiana temple, bhagwan valmiki tirath and key shrines of the other communities.
former finance minister p ram had yesterday said if the government addresses three of its fundamental concerns-- maximum gst rate should not cross 18 per cent, no additional one per cent tax and setting up of a grievance redress mechanism--then the congress could consider supporting its passage.
counting on the achievements of the modi government, ram said that in the last five years modi government took some major decisions like demonetization, one rank one pension, gst, 105 reservation quota and granting benefits to 10 crore families under ayushman bharat yojna.
elaborating on the impact of gst, drabu said that only 1,000 goods vehicles had entered j&k on july 4 as compared to 2,000 on the corresponding date last year, and that only 250 vehicles left the valley on the same day as compared to 500 last year.
the long-delayed gst constitution bill was passed by parliament on august 8, marking a historic step for tax reforms which prime minister modi said was crucial for ending tax terrorism besides reducing corruption and black money while making consumer the king.
non-ac restaurants will attract a gst of 12 per cent, while the rate for ac restaurants and those with liquor licences will be 18 per cent, finance minister arunjaitley said.
speaking on the issue of migration of individuals from vat to gst, adhia said digital verification would not be required for them (as needed for companies), when the next phase of migration starts from june 25.
since the gst bill passed by parliament cannot be applicable to jammu and kashmir in its present form, the state government has brought a modified version of the legislation, finance minister haseeb drabu told reporters here after the cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister mehbooba mufti.
adhia said whenever tax on inputs would be more than tax on finished products and services, the additional tax would be refunded to manufacturers or service providers, except textile fabric.
addressing members of the textile industry, smritiirani said, i had meeting with the members of the textile industry and finance minister piyush goyal to discuss the issue of refund of igst.
captain abhimanyu said the haryana government agreed with the empowered committee recommendation that full gst compensation be paid at least for five years through an independent mechanism, which should be in-built in the constitution.
badungar said the amount received towards 'karah parshad' was also subjected to gst.
i hope the message would reach those who make such considerations, babu said in an apparent reference to the congresss negotiating team with the government on gst that comprised the rajya sabha members.
he said gst had been implemented in the united states already.
the guiding principle in fixing the gst rates is that it should not exceed the combined rate of vat+ central excise/service tax lest it would trigger inflation and hardship to the consumers," state finance minister yanamala ramakrishnudu said in a letter to union finance minister arun jaitley".
mr. ramakrishnudu said that the issue would be raised at the gst council meeting.
stating that he has been raising the issue that common man has been affected severely due to high tax incidence under gst on several items, yanamala said as a result, out of 228 items under 28% slab only 50 items will remain and all other items brought down to 18% slab or 12% slab.
finance minister arunjaitley said the taxpayers with an aggregate turnover of rs 40 lakh would now be exempted from the gst.
responding to a question of the power of the comptroller and audit general under gst, arunjaitley said, cag is already empowered to seek clarification from the state under cag act, the issue did come up and it was agreed that since the law exists there is no need to for separate laws.
10 (pti): the gst council on friday decided to reduce tax rate on a wide range of mass use items  from chewing gums to detergents - to 18 per cent from the current 28 per cent, bihar deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said.
the gst council has already approved five sets of rules and regulations relating to registration, payments, refund, invoice and returns, arunjaitley said, adding there are four others -- composition, valuation, input tax credit and transitions -- which now require a formal approval.
the gst council has reduced tax rates of 66 items as against representations received for 133 items, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters here after the 16th meeting of the gst council.
the government is planning a system to save kudumbasree units from the possible fallout of the implementation of goods and services tax (gst), finance minister t.m. thomas isaac has said.
the matter has been put on hold till gst council decides on the issue, modi said.
finance minister arunjaitley could announce tax incentives for individuals and firms to boost consumer demand, amid lingering uncertainty over the implementation of a nationwide goods and services tax, said one of the officials.
claiming victory of the congress in its opposition of the land acquisition amendment bill moved by the centre as six out of total nine important changes were taken back, ram said the congress was in favour of the passage of goods and services tax (gst) bill, but wanted four changes in its present form.
asked about roadblocks in implementation of gst bill, gandhi said, it was congress which brought in the gst legislation.
ganesh shirsekarcongress vice-president gandhi said on saturday that the gst bill will be passed in parliament in in just 15 minutes with congress support if the narendra modi government accepted conditions laid down by his party.
the gst policy wing is planning to come out with a circular clarifying on the zero-rating status of such duty free shops and circular may also outlay a detailed procedure of claiming refund of the taxes so paid," mohan said.
a day after the gst bill failed to get past parliament and the government had to take recourse to the joint committee of parliament for the bankruptcy bill, finance minister arunjaitley on thursday asked whether the country has not lost out by delaying the gst since the last years budget session.
in july, firms indicated that orders, production and purchasing had been postponed due to a lack of clarity about the new tax regime, but they have now been resumed as manufacturers, suppliers and their clients have become more knowledgeable of the gst rates," said pollyanna de lima, economist at ihs markit, in a release.
to prepare the ground for introduction of goods and services tax (gst) regime that envisage higher threshold for registration, ram announced that the ceiling for registering with the commercial taxes department will be increased from rs 5 lakh turnover per year to rs 7.
rajat mohan, director at tax consultant nangia & co, said: gst is the biggest change that our country would see in last 50 years.
with indication of revised implementation date of july 1, 2017 for gst, industry gets much needed clarity and some additional time for preparation for this huge reform, said jain , partner and leader, indirect tax, pwc.
talking about providing relief to traders, modi said the central government wanted the tax liability slab to be raised from rs 20 lakh to rs 75 lakh but could not do this in the last gst council meeting as some states had reservations.
being a delhi girl, i challenge you to fight the last two phases of the lok sabha elections on the issues of demonetisation, gst, women's security and the false promises made to people of the country, priyanka gandhi had said during the roadshow.
see the rationale behind passing gst, arunjaitley said at a conclave here.
if the gst overwrites article 370 of indian constitution or section 5 of j&k constitution) i will not come back to this house," drabu said.
as revenue secretary, adhia's term witnessed the introduction of a nationwide indirect tax egime, evolving a centre-states consensus on the multiple gst laws and drafting the rules and fixing tariffs that made it possible to meet the deadline of july 1, 2017 for the gst roll-out, arunjaitley said.
gst scheduled for july 1 rolloutthe goods and services tax (gst) is on schedule for implementation from july 1 and will not lead to any significant increase in prices of goods although cost of some services may see a marginal hike, finance minister arunjaitley said on monday.
tokyo, press trust of india may 8 2017, 12:01 istthe goods and services tax (gst) is on schedule for implementation fromjuly 1and will not lead to any significant increase in prices of goods although cost of some services may see a marginal hike, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
on the stalled gst bill, modi said the congress has made it a prestige issue but expressed confidence that the evolving arithmetic in rajya sabha would ensure that the legislation would be passed soon.
now it is important that supporting rules are finalised by the gst council in its next few meetings, and should be released at the earliest to enable the businesses to align their compliance and regulatory processes, dimri said.
on the dissent by mitra, arunjaitley said it was confined to the extent of the 90:10 division between states and the centre, and on other issues, he was in agreement with all other gst council members.
there have been no major hiccups in the first week of goods and services tax (gst) rollout and things will normalise over the next three months, former economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said.
b'west bengal cm mamatabanerjee west bengal cm mamatabanerjee banerjeethe west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday said the trinamool congress party would support the central government on gst in parliament but it had some reservations about the land bill.
replying to questions on congress and some other parties pressing for amendments in the gst bill and whether the government is agreeable to them, naidu said parliament has to function even if these have to be approved.
i will still keep my fingers crossed, arunjaitley told media persons after the gst council meet here.
if you want gst, unless we can get the states on board through some mechanism, we will have difficulties, pranabmukherjee said.
jaitley said big taxpayers, who make 94-95 per cent of the total taxes, will continue to file monthly returns and pay taxes on a monthly basis.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said the goods and service tax (gst) has stabilised in a very short time that provides an opportunity to widen its base and further rationalise the rates in the future.
however, for real benefit of gst to be realised, it is important that supply chain bottlenecks are reduced, said pratik jain, partner and leader indirect tax at consulting firm pwc.
ganesh shirsekarcongress vice-president rahulgandhi said on saturday that the gst bill will be passed in parliament in in just 15 minutes with congress support if the narendra modi government accepted conditions laid down by his party.
siddaramaiah also said the congress party had not opposed gst, but had only raised questions about some of the shortcomings in the bill.
badungar said all purchases made at these sikh shrines should be exempted from gst and requested the union government to consider it.
but much will depend on the next three months, how the government and industry smoothen the overall transition (to gst)and the compliance," said n.r. bhanumurthy of the national institute of public finance and policy in delhi.
in remarks apparently aimed at former reserve bank governor raghuram rajan, who friday blamed the goods and services tax roll-out along with demonetisation for lower gdp growth, arunjaitley said the economy recovered fast from the limited disruptionist impact of the tax reform.
taking an indirect dig at bjp-ruled states, siddaramaiah said as many as 24 states and one union territory have agreed to implement gst, but initially gujarat, madhya pradesh and rajasthan were against it.
september data painted an encouraging picture as the sector continued to recover from the disruptions caused by the introduction of the gst in july, said aashna dodhia, economist at ihs markit and author of the report.
demonetisation was a bad idea implemented badly and gst was a good idea implemented badly, shashitharoor said.
the government and opposition parties were thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister arun jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend demonetisation while congress president gandhi said the note ban cost 1.
initiating the debate on the proposed legislation, congress member shashitharoor said his party was initially not happy with the final shape of the gst bill but went on to support it in keeping with the spirit in which the bill had been prepared by the congress.
on the compliance burden of the gst, arunjaitley said it was a little heavy, but the process would ease on account of the initiatives being undertaken by the revenue department.
in a fax message to mr. jaitley on tuesday, dr. isaac said the tax rates of the majority of the commodities had come down on implementing gst, but traders tend to conceal it and were levying exorbitant prices and raking huge profit.
on the compliance burden of the gst, arunjaitley said it was a little heavy but the process would ease on account of the initiatives being undertaken by the revenue department.
market had started off with a positive sentiment supported by consensus over the rollout of gst, but this trend could not be continued as the investors mulled over 100 bps cut in gdp (forecast) by imf to  6.6% in 2016-17, said vinod nair, head of research, geojit bnp paribas financial services.
while gst is unlikely to be a positive for economic growth in the short term, crisils ram said the reform will improve the ease of doing business, bolster investor sentiment and lure more foreign investment in coming years.
gandhi said, apart from fabrics import, manufacturers of fabrics are comfortable with gst rates of 5  and 12  on mmf yarn and that any increase by the government in gst rates will lead to inflation of fabric prices and the whole value chain will be disrupted.
gandhi also said if his party comes to power, it would change the gst and abolish the 28 per cent gst slab.
taking an indirect dig at bjp-ruled states, ram said as many as 24 states and one union territory have agreed to implement gst, but initially gujarat, madhya pradesh and rajasthan were against it.
