;;0.8617;;congress president capt amarinder also said workers should stay united to make their candidates win so that party can form government in punjab.
;;0.8617;;(source: pti) congress president capt amarinder also said workers should stay united to make their candidates win so that party can form government in punjab.
;;0.2732;;the dharna will be taken up to jantar mantar as well, said amarinder and bajwa.
;;0.8617;;amarinder also said workers should stay united to make their candidates win so that party can form government in punjab.
;;-0.8126;;reacting to badals claims that nobody can waive off farmers loans and that he (capt amarinder) was misleading them (the farmers) about it, amarinder told him, just because you are incompetent and incapable doesnt mean everyone else is and i will show how it is done.
;;-0.5574;;demanding an explanation from the sad government for its failure to prevent farmers suicides in the state, amarinder said chief minister parkash singh badal and deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal are following a clear policy of discrimination against the farmers whose interests had been completely relegated to the background.
;;-0.101;;amarinder, who visited mandis in attari and raja sansi areas of amritsar district, said he was extremely distressed at the situation and had already directed party leaders and workers to go to the ground to interact with farmers.
;;0.8074;;(express photo/file) amarinder said that the modi government only seemed interested in appeasing the rich industrialists who were fleecing the country.
;;-0.2247;;when a minister entrusted with the welfare of the farmers cannot relate to their problems and is absolutely indifferent to their plight, one can well imagine which way the country is headed, amarinder said.
;;0.2023;;questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers, amarinder asked, if a bankrupt state like punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver, why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme?
;;-0.9274;;the punjab cm further said farmers were committing suicide out of sheer desperation and blamed the centre for their failure to waive the debts.
;;-0.4767;;punjab cm captain amarinder (file photo) punjab cm captain amarinder (file photo)the state level bankers committee of punjab friday said the delay in rolling out the farm debt waiver to farmers having accounts in commercial banks was affecting recoveries of commercial banks and had also turned nearly 80 per cent farmers into non-performing assets (npas).
;;0.0;;amarinder asked.
;;0.0;;punjab is for punjabis and i will not let any non-punjabi rule over punjab, come what may, amarinder said, and slammed kejriwal for announcing that anandpur sahib would be made a holy city if aap is voted to power in the state.
;;-0.4019;;it is a tragedy that the same farmers who at one time provided food to the nation are now dying of starvation as they cannot make both ends meet, amarinder said, promising that their debts will be taken over by government.
;;0.2732;;amarinder claimed the fall in crude oil prices in the international market had saved the country about rs 3 lakh crores as the central government did not provide and pass on the corresponding proportionate benefit to consumers.
;;0.0547;;the deputy cm said the issue of farm loans had been tackled holistically by coming out with the settlement of indebtedness bill besides ensuring that farmers were not charged excessive interest.
;;-0.1027;;we will pay the full price, amarinder announced.
;;-0.4588;;attacking former deputy cm sukhbir badal, the cm said, is he an election commissioner or does he represent the election commission?
