;;0.4588;;also, the ppcc chief has announced 300 units of free power to poor, up from 200 units provided to the sc and bpl families already, besides tea and sugar for beneficiaries under the atta-dal scheme.
;;-0.3612;;in the budget session of the vidhan sabha called in june last year, cm capt amarinder announced to waive off farmers debt based on the recommendations of the t haque panel.
;;-0.296;;the cm, who handed debt waiver cheques to 10 malwa farmers, said, while big farmers like me and badal sahib (his predecessor parkash singh badal) will be taking care of their own debt, poor farmers of the state will be awarded the debt waiver.
;;0.34;;this is my assurance to you (farmers), amarinder said.
;;0.0;;the cm said punjab has taken the lead over other states in waiving the farm loans up to rs 2 lakh.
;;0.2732;;asking for the swaminathan committee report to be accepted in totality, the cm, who was addressing a meeting of the niti aayog in new delhi, said the governing council should consider the issue of agricultural loan waiver on priority.
;;0.7906;;pointing out that the nation was also observing the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi, amarinder said 2019 was a historic year for the entire nation, and called for collective efforts to ensure that the various commemorative events are celebrated in the spirit they deserve.
;;0.802;;our senior leader captain amarinder had also recently announced that the punjab congress is united and all leaders of the party will follow the constitution of the party, she added.
;;0.0;;the cm announced the loan waiver during the budget session in june.
;;0.0;;amarinder said deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal is building hotels and selling sand costlier than flour.
;;0.5994;;responding to a facebook post on his profile page then in 2015, captain amarinder had said mangat rai bansal will not be allowed to join the party in his rally, which was held immediately after his appointment as the ppcc president in bathinda around a year ago.
;;-0.7351;;rubbishing the shiromani akali dal (sad) poll manifesto as a bunch of lies aimed at misleading the people, punjab congress president captain amarinder on tuesday said, badals have failed to implement even 20  of the promises they made during the last elections.
;;0.0;;captain amarinder asked.
;;-0.4215;;describing kejriwal as a smooth and slimy operator, captain amarinder said the bribery and sex scandals involving aap leaders and workers had made a mockery of his claims of providing clean and transparent governance.
