;;0.34;;bringing up the issue of 'saffronisation' of state buildings, akhilesh said the bjp took a u-turn by repainting haj house walls after giving it a saffron cover.
;;0.4404;;sarkar ka rang ab pheeka hone laga hai aur peeche bhi hat rahi hai (the bright colour of the ruling bjp is now fading and it has started retreating from promises), said akhilesh.
;;-0.8608;;mounting a vitriolic attack on the bjp government, akhilesh said, starving farmers are committing suicide but are being gagged by the administration on the orders of the government.
;;-0.875;;i dare the government that even if it had announced msp for potato growers, can it give data on how much was purchased by it, said akhilesh, claiming that gdp figures, demonetisation and poor implementation of gst had collectively ruined the economic progress of the country leading to acute depression among the farming community and widespread unemployment.
;;-0.875;;questioning the existence of the anti-romeo squads announced by the government, akhilesh said criminal assaults on women and young girls had become the order of the day and the government was fooling the state in the name of anti-romeo squads.
;;0.4404;;reinforcing the political superstition that a up chief minister who visits noida is ousted from power, akhilesh said it was good that both the pm and the cm had inaugurated the noida metro because now their departure from their positions was imminent.
;;0.296;;responding to the charge the cm said he is committed to fulfilling his promise but it will take time.
;;0.6249;;lucknow: giving the mantra behind the historic victory in the gorakhpur and phulpur bypolls, samajwadi party national president akhileshyadav said he had finally found the glue to bring together people.
;;0.6369;;we finally found the glue that we lacked in the 2014 and 2017 elections, akhilesh said in an exclusive interview to toi hours after sp won the two seats.
;;0.7269;;she showed me a special photo gallery in her house which has portraits of dalit leaders and said she drew her inspiration from them, akhilesh said.
;;-0.7906;;they are angry with the government in the state and the centre and everybody will see that anger spill out in the 2019 elections, akhilesh said.
;;-0.4585;;taking a jibe at up cm yogi adtiyanath 's recent statement in the state assembly that he was a hindu and hence will not celebrate eid, the sp chief said it was the first time in ever that a cm had made such a statement on the floor of the house.
