;;0.1531;;chandigarh: punjab will disburse rs 209 crore as debt relief to 38,000 marginal farmers who are members of cooperative societies in the state in 10 days, said chief minister amarinder here on wednesday.
;;0.0;;the cm said 2.
;;-0.128;;various studies undertaken to understand the extent of farm debt in punjab had found that farm labourers were one of the most badly-hit class and should be considered for suitable relief in any loan waiver scheme, amarinder said and criticised opposition parties and some kisan unions for spreading false propaganda on the issues faced by farmers.
;;0.0;;explaining the project further, amarinder said if a farmer was given rs 10,000 for power consumption of his tubewell and he ended up spending rs 7,000, the remaining amount would go into his pocket and he would also contribute to saving the declining groundwater level in the state.
;;0.0;;on claims that names of many farmers have not figured in waiver lists, amarinder said names of only those had not been figured in the lists where some anomalies in names were there and the farmers should approach authorities concerned for corrections and waiver would be provided to the deserving farmers.
;;-0.8883;;amarinder said, when the congress came to power in punjab, we had no idea that the economic condition of punjab was so bad that it was under debt of over rs 2 lakh crore and due to it there was some delay in implementing the loan waiver scheme.
;;0.7906;;when some laws have to be changed, two-third majority is required and now this is an opportunity to strengthen the government for better future of punjab, amarinder said.
;;0.6705;;showering praises on laddi, amarinder said the constituency would be looked after well.
;;0.0;;i dont know if badal senior would come here but ask sukhbir badal about these issues when he comes here, amarinder said.
;;0.2944;;amarinder said his government was on the track of fulfilling all the promises of the manifesto, most important of which was the debt waiver.
;;0.1655;;amritsar: punjab chief minister amarinder on thursday said he would expand his cabinet after gujarat and himachal pradesh election results on december 18, but ruled out appointment of a deputy chief minister in the state.
;;0.4019;;flanked by punjab pradesh congress committee president and mp sunil jakhar and local bodies minister navjot singh sidhu, amarinder said the process of farm loan waiver would begin after the elections and distribution of smart phones would also begin soon.
;;-0.4019;;it is not possible to implement all promises in eight months, especially given the financial crisis inherited from the erstwhile sad-bjp government, said the cm, adding that the state was struggling to generate its own resources, including loans to fulfil its promises.
;;0.0;;on the possibility of any poll alliance between the congress and aap before the 2019 lok sabha elections, amarinder said such decisions were to be taken by the congress high command in new delhi.
;;-0.5719;;amarinder said as per information available with him, the alleged fraud, which was at the centre of the case, had been the subject matter of the proceedings before the debts recovery tribunal (drt) in a recovery suit filed by the bank.
;;0.0258;;the fact is that gurpal had actually been litigating against simbhaoli sugars, for his rights as director and shareholder, before the national company law tribunal, as he had been kept out of all major decisions and the working of the company, which was reportedly a matter of court record, said amarinder.
;;0.128;;the farming community in the country is already a highly beleaguered lot, said amarinder, adding that he condemned any attempt to pull them into the case for political gain.
;;0.2023;;amarinder said he had been told that gurpal singh, who was a law-abiding citizen, had even refused to sign any documents to give any personal guarantee against the loan in question, forcing the obc to amend the loan document on february 12, 2015, thus waiving off the requirement of gurpals signature on any guarantee documents.
;;0.6124;;all the vital and true facts would emerge before the judicial courts when the cbi case is taken up by them, said amarinder.
;;-0.2247;;when a minister entrusted with the welfare of the farmers cannot relate to their problems and is absolutely indifferent to their plight, one can well imagine which way the country is headed, amarinder said.
;;0.2023;;questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers, amarinder asked, if a bankrupt state like punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver, why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme?
;;0.3612;;the former cm said he was ready for any sacrifice for punjabs cause.
;;0.6249;;jalandhar: at the state-level function to mark birth anniversary of b r ambedkar on saturday, punjab chief minister amarinder said that his government was committed to implement the 85th amendment to the constitution for the benefit of the dalit community.
;;0.0;;amarinder said he had implemented the 85th amendment during his previous tenure, by enacting the punjab scheduled castes and backward classes (reservation in services) act, 2006, providing for reservation in promotions in government jobs.
;;-0.3612;;amarinder, who was here to launch the farm debt waiver scheme, said that, i had ensured laying of link roads during my previous tenure till 2007.
;;0.3612;;gurdaspur: punjab chief minister captain amarinder has announced to give debt relief certificates worth rs 156.
;;-0.4939;;the cm said that the state government had also decided to give a financial assistance worth rs. 50,000 each to landless labourers to bail them out of the current agrarian crisis.
;;0.0;;amarinder also announced upgradation of cooperative sugar mill at paniar in gurdaspur district for making it economically viable.
;;-0.6705;;nakodar: on the occasion of farmers debt waiver function at nakodar, punjab chief minister amarinder on wednesday announced infrastructure project worth rs 113 crore for shahkot area, which is going to have a byelection after the death of sitting mla ajit singh kohar .
