;;0.8126;;on farm loans, cm devendrafadnavis said the centre was positive about institutionalising the credit system and the state will bear its share.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said the state has been facing drought for four consecutive years.
;;-0.7717;;fadnavis said the situation was volatile and they need to fight the crisis together.
;;-0.8196;;after shiv sena relaunched its attack on the state government over loan waivers, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the demand to completely waive farm loans could not be granted immediately as it will collapse the fiscal discipline.
;;-0.4588;;the cm said the cost of extending the loan waiver to 31 lakh farmers is rs 30,500 crore and if the government decided to bear it, that would mean depriving other sections of society from their social schemes.
;;0.6124;;the cm also said rather than giving loan waivers, the state will focus on sustainable growth of agriculture.
;;0.1779;;the cm claimed that shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray was convinced with his stand on sustainable development and has decided to withdraw the protest.
;;0.0772;;the cm later, in the lower house, asked them to participate in the proceedings and said the state was ready to discuss the issues.
;;-0.357;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said the decision was historic as the farmers who could not benefit from the loan waiver given by the previous government in 2008-09 have been incorporated in the waiver announced by the present government.
;;0.0772;;however, they did not submit their letters to the chief minister, stating that they would only resign if the party chief asked them to.
;;0.5574;;speaking in the legislative council, fadnavis said the government was positive about revoking the suspension.
;;0.5574;;we are positive about withdrawing the suspension, and will take a decision on saturday, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said that earlier this week, a meeting to discuss this issue was held in the legislative council chairmans chamber.
;;0.2363;;if someone wants to impel us to go for mid-term polls, i am confident we will be able to form the government again, fadnavis told reporters here without naming any party.
;;0.0;;so, people believe in this government, fadnavis said.
;;-0.6542;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday announced a special package of rs10,512 crore for drought-hit farmers in maharashtra, but rejected the oppositions demand to announce a loan waiver.
;;-0.802;;in his hour-long reply to the debate on drought in the state and resultant agrarian crisis, fadnavis said the situation in the state could get worse after january.
;;0.1695;;fadnavis said farmer suicides could not be stopped with loan waivers.
;;0.836;;fadnavis also said increasing investment in agriculture, making farmers capable and ensuring that a majority of farmers opt for crop insurance would be the best way to tackle situations such as drought.
;;-0.7369;;unabated crisis over the decades* farmers suicides from 1995 to 2011: 53,818* farmers suicides from 2009 to 2014: 3,000 annually on an average (according to the national crime records bureau)* according to the state statistics, the figure from 2001 to 2014 is much less, at 17,645 deaths, or an average of 1,260 farmers annually# why the change in approach* while so far, successive governments in the state have focussed on large-scale schemes for entire regions and announcing of compensation packages after natural disasters, the new policy is trying to zero in on specific families* the decision for the change was taken after 11 bureaucrats went to visit villages in yavatmal in vidarbha and osmanabad in marathwada, two of the worst-affected rural regions in the state* the officials met families of farmers who had committed suicides, and also spoke to local administration officials to gauge the reasons behind the deaths* the state is looking at including farm labourers and marginal farmers in its net* these groups normally fall off the compensation net as they dont own land or may not have papers to show their debts* chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier asked the state administration to prepare a policy to tackle farmers suicides, which led to this exercise.
;;0.296;;cm fadnavis has announced the state will initiate long-term measures, including overhaul of infrastructure such as storage facilities, weather prediction stations and alert mechanisms.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has said an alternative to the lbt and toll tax was being worked out and would be announced soonconcerns over environment: the ministry of environment and forest has proposed to shrink the buffer zone around sanctuaries and national parks.
;;0.5267;;on new years eve, chief minister devendrafadnavis told ht that this year his governments top priority will be to deliver promises by completing projects wherein work had started or which had received all sanctions.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, minutes after the results of the up election were announced, his government was stable and there will be no mid-term polls in the state.
;;0.7237;;the banks have not bothered to inform farmers about the amount credited to their accounts as part of the waiver benefits, fadnavis said during the meeting of the state level bankers committee (slbc), which represents all types of banks, at sahyadri guesthouse in mumbai.
;;0.0;;it will be the convergence of ideas, leaders and businesses, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, on friday, said any discrepancies would be addressed during the ongoing budget session.
;;-0.0772;;the situation in maharashtra is grave and we need help to deal with the rising number of farmer suicide cases in the drought-prone areas of maharashtra, especially yavatmal and osmanabad, fadnavis told peres, citing the successful agriculture projects that have been undertaken in israel.
;;0.1779;;coming under pressure from opposition and ally shiv sena, chief minister fadnavis said his government is in favour of loan waiver and was studying the up model.
;;-0.0572;;we dont want the same thing to happen with this reservation, fadnavis said.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , too, while addressing a function of government employees last thursday said the reduced rate of suicides was the result of efficiency shown by government staff.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told ht that drought like situation would be announced for 8,000 to 14,000 villages in the state by mid-september, on the basis of the average rainfall.
;;0.0;;shiv sena chief, uddhav thackeray, also said that the state government should follow in the footsteps of the up government and waive off the farmer loans.
;;0.0;;following this, devendrafadnavis has asked the finance secretary of the state to study the up model on the basis of which loan waiver was declared.
;;0.5574;;speaking in the legislative council, fadnavis had said the government was positive about revoking the suspension.
;;0.5574;;we are positive about withdrawing the suspension, and will take a decision on saturday, fadnavis had said.
;;0.0;;the congress chief said he prefers to have a dialogue with people instead of just delivering speeches.
;;0.2732;;the cm also said his government was ready to accept suggestions from him to improve the condition of peasants but he should avoid playing politics over farm issues.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said the bjp-shiv sena government was doing everything that is possible to help farmers, who have faced crop losses due to unseasonal rains and hailstorms, and bring them out of the prevailing situation.
;;0.7269;;on the eve of the budget session, chief minister devendrafadnavis said he was in favour of transparency in all municipal corporations and agreed to appoint a committee to act as watchdog for the district councils as well.
;;-0.0369;;fadnavis also said his government was positive about the loan waiver to farmers but did not promise an upa lokayukta for nagpur civic body.
;;-0.4588;;fadnavis said he has agreed to appoint a committee for zilla parishads but why ask for an upa lokayukta when the lokayukta is already in place for filing complaints against corrupt civic officials and corporators.
;;-0.4019;;however, the state already has lokayukta in place where complaints can be filed against civic officials and corporators of all the municipal corporations, fadnavis said.
;;0.1779;;reiterating his stand on loan waiver, fadnavis said there cannot be any comparison between maharashtra and uttar pradesh as the situation and solutions of both the states are completely different.
;;0.5499;;we will waive off loans of farmers but at an appropriate time and will also take centres help for the same, fadnavis told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
;;0.296;;fadnavis, however, claimed that his government was stable.
