;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the extension will help farmers to avail loan waiver till may 20.
;;0.0;;in april this year, chief minister devendrafadnavis had told the indian express that the government has put in several plans in place to reduce the farmer suicides and the efforts will take time to show results.
;;-0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said friday, the budget has given greater impetus to tackle the agrarian crisis in wake of recurring drought for the fourth consecutive year.
;;-0.4019;;lauding the efforts of finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, the cm said, the major policy shift which was never taken into consideration in the past relates to tackling the root problems in backward region of vidarbha and marathwada.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, the allocation of rs 25,000 crore for agriculture is a big leap forward.
;;0.4767;;fadnavis said, apart from the budgetary provisions for irrigation projects, rs 1,000 crore for flagship jalyukta shivar abhiyan will help in rolling out several thousand water conservation works in 5,500 villages reeling under drought.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also said investment in agriculture and infrastructure development was his priority.
;;0.0772;;the long-term challenge is sustainable agriculture development and we are working on it, fadnavis told mediapersons during an informal get-together here.
;;-0.0258;;when asked about senior party leader eknath khadse who had to resign earlier this year over a series of charges, including irregularities in a land deal, fadnavis said, there was a conflict of interest.
;;0.4404;;fadnavis said his governments endeavour was to improve governance and development.
;;0.3818;;when asked about the maratha morchas being taken out across the state, fadnavis said his government was positively working on solutions to address the grievances of the community.
;;0.1779;;to a question on why he has not heeded to oppositions demand for loan waiver to farmers, fadnavis said loan waiver was a good option, but it was not the only one.
;;0.0;;on thursday, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the assembly, my government is equally concerned about the farmers welfare.
;;0.5994;;fadnavis said, the state government is keen on tapping maximum investments in solar sector which would play a crucial role in accomplishing our goal to provide 24 x7 power to maharashtra.
;;0.8402;;share this article related article centre, state have allocated rs 51,000 crore for irrigation projects, says devendrafadnavis , state have allocated rs 51,000 crore for irrigation projects, says devendrafadnavis states vision document 2030 lays stress on solar power for farmersstates vision document 2030 lays stress on solar power for farmers maharashtra to revive 5 rivers to ensure perennial water flow: cm fadnavismaharashtra to revive 5 rivers to ensure perennial water flow: cm fadnavis devendrafadnavis prescribes drip irrigation for sugarcane, solar-powered pumpsdevendra fadnavis prescribes drip irrigation for sugarcane, solar-powered pumps maharashtra govt plans to make agriculture sector run on solar energymaharashtra govt plans to make agriculture sector run on solar energy maharashtra will require rs 1 lakh crore for irrigation projects : cm fadnavishe added, the agrarian crisis in a state reeling under drought can be effectively tackled only through making the farmers self reliant with water and power.
;;0.5106;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who reviewed the drought situation in marathwada last week and sought to infuse confidence in farmers by announcing a slew of measures, told this paper that his government was concerned about the farmer suicides and has taken several steps to bring them down.
;;-0.7717;;when pointed out that government officials were allegedly not put in their might to stop the farmer suicide saga, fadnavis said all efforts are underway and things would soon change in marathwada.
;;-0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that the leader was to be given a state funeral.
;;0.25;;as per law, only two proofs are required for such land rights to be granted and the cm said this will be followed, said dr ashok dhawle of the all india kisan sabha.
;;0.0258;;on the issue of west-flowing rivers, the cm said he will personally visit these areas and see that maharashtras water is retained in the state, dr dhawle said.
;;0.34;;devendra fadnavis said the government would expose the rampant corruption in the cooperative sector in the larger interest of the farmers.
;;0.4019;;and they are also covered for both financial and logistical help from the administration, said fadnavis.
;;0.34;;fadnavis said the government would expose the rampant corruption in the cooperative sector in the larger interest of the farmers, and reiterated the decision not to go for complete loan waiver and instead make farmers self-reliant.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said the foremost task was to enhance the irrigation potential from 18 per cent to 27 per cent in phases.
;;0.5994;;speaking at a meeting to review preparations for the kharif season, fadnavis said; efforts to bring maximum farmers within the institutional credit mechanism through fresh crop loans should be taken up on a mission mode.
;;0.0;;at the meeting, fadnavis said he has asked agriculture universities in the state to prepare a earn while you learn stipend scheme for students to carry out field work.
;;-0.6369;;(file/express photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked ally shiv sena to stop attacking prime minister narendra modi, cautioning that it will only boomerang on it.
;;-0.4404;;the sena should refrain from criticising the prime minister, but i am ok with their criticism, fadnavis told pti in an interview.
;;-0.8957;;dismissing the suggestion that the morcha launched by the maratha community is directed towards his government, fadnavis said their anger springs from the historical injustice suffered by them under successive regimes, which made nearly 80 per cent people remain in agony.
;;0.6808;;but i am sure they will not be allowed to do that as well, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;i did what i felt right at that time, fadnavis said.
;;0.6705;;on the demand for a separate vidarbha state, an issue over which not only the congress-ncp opposition but also shiv sena had often targeted him since he hailed from the region and also as his partys preference for smaller states, fadnavis said his governments agenda is to ensure balanced development of maharashtra.
;;0.4767;;countering the allegation, fadnavis said his government had allocated over rs 18,000 crore for farm relief, including rs 8,000 crore that were distributed last year, and the remaining that were earmarked in december, while alleging that the previous regime had spent just rs 5000 crore in 15 years.
;;0.4939;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, farm ponds will be significant for farmers, as creation of permanent assets for holding water would help them reap their fields next seasons even if there is poor rainfall.
;;-0.2023;;there are well laid out guidelines under which they will have to work and anybody found violating rules would invite action, fadnavis said.
;;-0.2023;;there are well laid out guidelines under which they will have to work and anybody found violating rules would invite action, fadnavis said.
;;0.2732;;at a meeting held with top officials of national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), and the ministries of agriculture and finance, fadnavis said, crop loan (disbursements) should be raised to cover larger number of farmers with an attempt to lessen their dependence on private money lenders.
;;0.3612;;there cannot be any justification to financial institutions turning down loans to farmers on the pretext of non-recovery or outstanding debt, fadnavis said.
;;-0.6249;;hitting out at the opposition, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the state is facing a deep agrarian crisis and there are several crucial issues that need to be fixed.
;;-0.296;;fadnavis said that the government wont fall prey to the oppositions pressure tactics.
;;0.0387;;the opposition can dub this political vendetta, but the people understand who is politicising the matter, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced a development package for the marathwada, which, he declared, would be completed in a time-bound fashion.
;;0.2732;;returning from his four-day visit to israel, fadnavis told the indian express in mumbai, i have urged the peres centre for peace to help some districts in maharashtra in tackling the agriculture crisis that leads to farmer suicides.
;;0.0;;earlier this month, just when the unrest has started, fadnavis had announced a rs 30,000-crore waiver for 40 lakh-odd small and marginal farmers whose loans were overdue.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said: i have asked the officials to submit a detailed report on what facilities have been provided in one month.
;;0.0;;elaborating on the plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the long-term measures to root out drought and farmer suicides in the state would require environmental preservation.
;;0.0;;besides taking a scientific approach to soil treatment and embarking upon a mammoth tree plantation drive, the cm said he has roped in experts from the agro-sector.
;;0.0;;at a review meeting held this week with district collectors to assess the drought situation, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the local administration, while the efforts that have helped reduce farmer suicides are laudable, we still have a formidable task ahead.
;;0.8126;;this would be complete with strong agro-industrial linkages to ensure assured dividends to small and marginal farmers in 14 suicide-prone districts, fadnavis said.
;;-0.5719;;fadnavis, who himself toured a few villages and interacted with farmers, told the indian express that the government has gone all out to initiate a slew of measures to alleviate the miseries of the villagers and farmers in eight districts of marathwada.
;;0.4215;;when specifically asked as to what he found out after interacting with farmers, fadnavis said, when i spoke to farmers and villagers, they seemed satisfied with schemes being implemented by the government.
;;0.3818;;at a meeting in nilanga village, where the cm addressed officials, ministers and local politicians, fadnavis said the government was banking heavily on jalyukt shivar yojana as it will ensure that every farmer in a village gets enough water to cultivate crop and villagers get sufficient stock of water.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the csmssy on july 24, 2017.
;;0.4019;;fadnavis on wednesday announced that the government would provide financial support of rs 1,500 per farmer up to two hectares for resowing if necessary.
;;-0.6249;;spelling out the governments plan for water and fodder supply in arid areas, fadnavis said that a contingency plan was in place to face the crisis.
;;-0.4939;;fadnavis said, there would be no shortage of water through tankers.
;;-0.6555;;accusing the opposition of politicising drought, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the loan waiver is not a solution to the farmers problems.
;;0.0;;the cm said neither one-time loan waiver nor repeated subsidies would bring prosperity.
;;0.3182;;fadnavis said if loan waiver were a lasting solution, he would have pursued it even at the cost of all financial constraints.
;;0.802;;stating that he would look forward to help from all parties and sections to tackle drought, fadnavis said, there are some issues in larger interest of the state when party lines become meaningless and we all strive to work unitedly.
;;-0.3612;;and now the unseasonal rains have played a havoc, said fadnavis.
;;-0.0258;;fadnavis told the villagers, we are making effort to ensure the investment cost in the agriculture is reduced to minimise the financial losses incurred by the farmers.
;;0.4767;;fadnavis said the immediate concern is to provide relief to farmers.
;;0.3182;;fadnavis said that ahead of the rabi season the government wants maximum farmers from drought hit regions to avail of fresh loans.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said an integrated scheme to ensure economic sustenance for small and marginal farmers was being worked out to put an end to farmer suicides in maharashtra.
;;0.34;;fadnavis said, the state has decided to include 25 lakh farmers in value chain for all major crops.
;;-0.3929;;fadnavis said, even if a single farmer is driven to end his life it is extremely painful and not acceptable in a state like maharashtra.
;;0.25;;at a meeting held with senior bureaucrats, fadnavis said maharashtra would have to rise to the challenge posed by natural calamity, that has adversely hit 90 lakh farmers.
;;-0.3182;;public works department minister chandrakant patil said that the bank owed the state government rs 1,900 crore, while chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the banks consolidated loss was in excess of rs 3,200 crore.
;;-0.9062;;prima facie, it is estimated that the yavatmal district has suffered the highest losses with 17,000 hectares of crops having suffered damage, the cm said in a statement.
;;0.3818;;addressing a farmers rally at daund (satara) on sunday, fadnavis said: after the 2014 assembly elections, when the bjp-led alliance is voted to power, we will ensure a separate budget for the farmers.
;;-0.5719;;fadnavis said while the congress-ncp government boasted of low-interest loans to the farmers, it paid no heed to other aspects such as fertilisers, seeds, water pumps, irrigation facilities that added to the production cost and drove the farmers to land into debt traps.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, every project will have a deadline to meet, along with its budget.
