;;0.0;;after becoming chief minister, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said that he was heading a coalition government and he had to take the concurrence of his coalition partner.
;;-0.4927;;referring to himself as the most controversial politician in the state, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said, in all those occasions, i was the victim of circumstances.
;;0.0;;with the state budget fixed at rs. 2 lakh crore for 2018-19, chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys on wednesday said resources should also be made available for other welfare schemes and development projects.
;;0.8625;;but support from the farming community is needed to make this experiment success, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said.
;;0.2263;;questions raisednoting the enormous job facing the coalition government, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said he has prepared a blueprint of the proposed scheme and raised several questions on the proposal.
;;0.0;;as many leaders were opposed waving loans borrowed by mlas, mlcs, and representatives of local bodies, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said even employees of co-operatives earning a salary of rs. 3 lakh a year and some individuals paying income tax of rs. 3 lakh a year have borrowed farm loans.
;;-0.5267;;chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys said he would cut down on expenditure on other heads to compensate the loss to the state exchequer on account of farm loan waiver.
;;0.6652;;reiterating his commitment to waive farm loans, chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys on sunday said that he will not hesitate to resign in case he is unable to do so.
;;0.0;;chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys on monday said he would announce his plan on farm loan waiver on wednesday in bengaluru.
;;0.3182;;lashing out at the bjp and its state president b.s. yeddyurappa, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said his [the chief ministers] words had been twisted out of context to suggest that he had gone back on the pre-poll promise of loan waiver.
;;-0.2057;;janata dal (secular) state president h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys on tuesday asked the public not to create a situation where he heads a coalition government after the coming assembly elections.
;;0.6486;;at a party rally in hire bagewadi, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys asked the people to give the jd(s) a clear mandate.
;;-0.6486;;mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said the jd(s) has plans to eradicate malnutrition among poor women and children and introduce a welfare programme for senior citizens who have no income.
;;0.0;;mr. h.d.kumaraswamys says that he owes his chief ministership not to the people of karnataka but to the congress and its chief rahul gandhi.
;;0.4019;;calling himself a child of circumstances, the newly sworn-in chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys on wednesday said efforts would be made to make the congressjanata dal (secular)bahujan samaj party alliance a model alliance in the country.
;;-0.6486;;the government will address the problem of people and dispel all suspicion over the stability of the government, said mr. h.d.kumaraswamys at his maiden press conference after taking oath.
;;0.4019;;farm loan waiveron the rs. 53,000 crore farm loan waiver, which his party had announced in its manifesto, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said, now, i cannot take individual decision since we are in an alliance.
;;-0.1027;;will hold talksmr. h.d.kumaraswamys also announced that he would invite leaders from the veerashaiva lingayat community and also those involved in the agitation seeking implementation of the a.j. sadashiva commission report on internal reservation among the scheduled castes for a discussion and try to address the issues.
;;-0.7783;;when farmers are in deep trouble due to agrarian crisis, prime minister narendra modi and chief minister siddaramaiah are busy countering one another over commission percentage governance, h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys , state president of the janata dal(s), has said.
;;-0.6901;;mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said that the state government had completely failed to provide pro-people governance and the administration had collapsed as corruption had gone up on all fronts.
;;0.9217;;mahadayi issuestating that the two national parties have no concern for protecting the states interest including solving the mahadayi water sharing dispute, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said that the party has taken a decision to have pre-poll alliance with the bahujan samaj party to prevent both the bharatiya janata party and the congress from coming to power in the state.
;;0.7096;;talking to the the hindu at bheemarayanagudi in shahapur taluk of yadgir district on monday, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said that the party chose to have the tie-up with the bsp as the national parties had lost the peoples faith.
;;-0.3291;;but the leaders of national parties are blaming each other instead of finding permanent solution to the problem, the former chief minister h.d.kumaraswamys has said.
;;0.6652;;reiterating his commitment to waive farm loans, chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys on sunday said that he will not hesitate to resign in case he is unable to do so.
;;0.2023;;the opposition and the single largest party, bjp, called for a state-wide bandh on may 28, which evoked a mixed response, demanding that mr. h.d.kumaraswamys immediately announce a farm-loan waiver.
;;-0.4767;;mr. h.d.kumaraswamys , who is under attack from the opposition bjp for not waiving farm loans immediately after taking charge, had said on may 30 that details of the farm loan waiver would be unveiled in 15 days after consultations with congress president rahul gandhi.
;;0.0;;during his election campaign, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys had said he would write off all farm loans within 24 hours of the jd(s) forming the government.
;;0.4588;;chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys said the government has extended duration of the scheme for the benefit of the farming community.
;;0.4019;;speaking to reporters at dharmasthala, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said that though his party did not get the mandate from the voters, he would announce plans for farmers after the swearing-in.
;;-0.296;;meanwhile, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said there are no rumblings with regard to cabinet formation in the state since the stakeholders are yet to deliberate on the issue.
;;0.3412;;referring to coastal karnatakas concern over yettinahole river water diversion project, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said he would not allow scams in the name of water projects.
;;0.34;;reacting to aicc president rahul gandhis statement that jd(s) was the b-team of the bjp, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said it was the jd(s) which had been posing a tough challenge to the bjps growth in the state.
;;0.4019;;loans taken by farmers from nationalised banks will be waived within 24 hours after the janata dal (secular) comes to power, h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys , party state president, has said.
;;-0.9201;;mr. h.d.kumaraswamys , who accused the union and state governments of neglecting farmers under distress owing to crop losses following drought and flood-like situations, said, both governments have failed to tackle farmers problems effectively and were pointing fingers at each other when asked about loan waivers.
