;;0.4404;;modiji had said he has a 56-inch chest and will fight out corruption, but he instead brought out a fair and lovely scheme for turning the blackmoney of the countrys thieves into white.
;;0.4767;;meanwhile, prime minister narendramodi has said the centre would scale water conservation works in the drought-stricken parts across country to bring relief.
;;-0.5423;;a day after modi told a public meeting in punjab that he will ensure no sikh farmer will go out of gujarat, rahul spoke about the plight of farmers in kutch after the 1965 indo-pak war.
;;0.4215;;sitaram yechury (cpi-m) said prime minister narendramodi had claimed he is lucky for the country as international oil prices slumped in second half of 2014.
;;0.0;;targeting rahul gandhi over one rank, one pension issue, modi said, the upa government announced this in their last budget and not in the previous nine budgets.
;;-0.8176;;modi said, the number of farmers suicides in vidarbha alone surpasses the total number of soldiers killed in the battlefield.
;;-0.3707;;on a days tour to cotton-growing belt of vidarbha, modi said, the union agriculture minister sharad pawar cannot overlook the wrong policies taken by the government that lead to agrarian crisis in the country.
;;-0.5574;;at the jan chetna rally held at wardha, modi said, at a time when the prices of cotton were rising in international markets, government took the decision to ban export of cotton.
;;-0.743;;modi said, the agrarian crisis was an outcome of the governments total apathy towards farmers in maharashtra and rest of country.
;;-0.6369;;modi said, i have come to vidarbha to understand the problems of the farmers who are reeling under major financial debt.
;;0.4019;;modi said, the government will have to provide sustained help to farmers and not one-time package which has become a trend in the upa.
;;0.3818;;sources present in the meeting said the pm told mamata and trinamool mps that if the centre were to accept that request, it would mean doing so for other states too.
;;-0.4404;;modi told mamata he had himself inherited a loan burden of more than rs 1 lakh crore from the upa.
