;;0.6369;;his hopes for financial bailout from the bjp-led government at the centre yet to be fulfilled, punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals told modi it was high time that farmers too got their due.
;;-0.1027;;terming the rail roko agitation by farmers as unfortunate, punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals said the state government was ready to accept every genuine demand of the peasantry.
;;0.3612;;deputy chief minister sukhbir parkashsinghbadals on tuesday said prime minister narendra modi has assured the chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals and himself on fiscal assistance to the state.
;;0.34;;punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals on monday asked the union government to constitute a high-level committee of agriculture experts to revive the agrarian economy in the state.
;;0.0;;terming the union railway budget people-friendly and development-oriented, the punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals on monday said that the decision to involve states to make the railways the backbone of national connectivity would usher in a new era of cooperative federalism in the country.
;;-0.0516;;laying stress on setting up more ultra-modern centers of excellence for undertaking research and design (r&d) to promote agriculture diversification in the state, punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals on tuesday said that these were the 'temples of second green revolution' which were required for bailing out the farmers from the current agrarian crisis.
;;-0.0258;;chhapar (ludhiana): amid ongoing protests by farmers over meagre compensation for the cotton crop loss in malwa, punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals announced rs 600-crore relief for the farming community here on monday.
;;-0.4215;;punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals on thursday said anyone found guilty of supplying spurious pesticides to the cotton cultivators in the state would not be spared at any cost.
;;-0.7783;;chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals may have announced that families of suicide victims will be given `3 lakh in compensation `50,000 in cash and the remaining to be deposited in the familys account.
;;-0.7783;;chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals may have announced that families of suicide victims will be given rs 3 lakh in compensation `50,000 in cash and the remaining to be deposited in the familys account.
;;0.0;;earlier policiesin 2001, before the 2002 elections, the then chief minister prakash parkashsinghbadals announced a compensation of rs 2 lakh, which was never given.
