;;-0.4215;;the congress vice president said he will force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
;;-0.0572;;we dont want an india where only a handful get everything, fly in aeroplanes and travel in big cars and our farmers are turned into labourers, rahul said.
;;0.0;;he told those capitalists that if you make me the prime minister, i will do what i did in gujarat in the whole of india, rahul said.
;;-0.5267;;continuing with his attack on pm for making false promises, rahul asked, narendra modi ne dhai saal mein kamjor, yuva, kisan aur majdoor ke liye kya kiya (in the past two-and-a-half years, what has modi for the weaker section, youth, farmers or labourers)?
;;0.3612;;later in the day, ending his road show in the old city, rahul told a gathering that economists have told him that the schemes like mgnrega and loan waiver had helped the overall economy of the country and not just the farmers.
;;0.4019;;us sey unka bhi fayeda hoga (it is a political advice for arun jaitley for his own good), rahul said adding that such a budget would help farmers knows how much government has set aside for flood, drought, or to assist him with grains, vegetables.
;;-0.4767;;rahul, during an interactive session with farmers in gannaur in haryana, said farmers in kutch were crying when they met him.
;;-0.2263;;addressing the people during a roadshow here, the congress vice president said, though the common man elected modi as the prime minister, after the elections he has forgotten the farmers, the dalits, the unemployed youths.
;;-0.0286;;but you cannot forget the interests of other people of the country, rahul said during the roadshow, which is part of his 2,500-km kisan yatra in poll-bound uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;the congress vice president, who was addressing villagers during a khaat sabha at puwaya tuesday night, said prime minister narendra modi had made cows nothing but an election stunt.
;;-0.4215;;(source: ani photo) rahulgandhi said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
;;-0.4215;;the congress vice president said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
;;-0.4767;;the sad president said it was not the first time that the congress had lied to the people by making tall promises.
;;-0.1027;;the sad president said the punjab government had already done what amarinder was promising to the farmers.
;;0.0;;vishal srivastavwhile addressing the public in unnao as part of his kisan yatra on thursday, congress vice-president rahulgandhi asked why union finance minister arun jaitley had not given a speech on loans waived by his government.
;;0.6908;;reminding the gathering that the upa government had waived farmers loans worth around rs 70,000 crore, rahul said that congress leaders including him, the then prime minister manmohan singh as well as party president sonia gandhi had held a big rally to inform the public about loan waivers.
