At the recent global conference on cyberspace , Prime Minister Narendramodi said , I am sure most of you are already aware of Aadhaar , which is the unique biometric identity of a Personthrough better targeting of subsidies , the jam ( Jan Dhan-Aadhaar-Mobile ) Trinity has prevented leakages to the tune of nearly $ 10 billion so far .
Rahul asked Partymen to be involved in constructive work like helping to link people to the system and securing Aadhar membership , Union minister Jairam Ramesh and Aicc general secretary Janardan Dwivedi told reporters .
Answering Congress ' charge that the Bharatiya Janata Party and its leaders , including current prime minister Narendra Modi , when in opposition had opposed the idea of Aadhaar , Prasad said that BJP was against it as personal information of the people was being collected in absence of any law in relation to it .
Observing that at present , over 113 crore residents in India have Aadhaar , Prasad said that Aadhaar is safe , let me say proudly that the data is secure .
First UID number was doled out on September 29 , 2010 , at a village in Maharashtra within 14 months of the project taking off whereas the deadline was set at 18 months , he said , adding that they were confident of issuing 60 crore Aadhaar numbers by 2014 as per the target planned .
Second Phaseon a query on why the Aadhar enrolment was stopped in February this year , Mr. Dalwai said the UIDAI had covered 20 crore people assigned to it by the central government in February .
Ranchi : unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) chairman Nandan Nilekani asked chief minister Arjun Munda to issue a notification declaring Aadhaar numbers as the basis of identity and residential proof of the Aadhaar number holder , following which different service delivery mechanisms could be lawfully linked with the beneficiary .
Fielding criticism from opposition parties such as the Congress , the Bjd and the TMC over Aadhaar being made mandatory for income tax purposes , Arunjaitley said in told the Lok Sabha , yes , we are making Aadhaar mandatory .
I want to really emphasise that Aadhar platform is the biggest anti-corruption platform in the world .
We 're committed to the quality of every enrollment , said Ashok Dalwai , deputy director general , unique identification authority of India .
It will also be possible to key in the Aadhaar number at a point-of-sale device and authenticate using biometrics .
Nilekani said the powers of UIDAI director-general RAM Sewak Sharma and financial adviser K. Ganga had been delegated by the plan panels deputy chairperson and expenditure secretary respectively .
The poorest of the poor , the marginalised people will be the worst sufferers if # Aadhaar is made mandatory unilaterally , Mamatabanerjee said in a Tweet .
On Tuesday , Rohatgi told the apex court that sections 7 and 54 of the Aadhaar act made it mandatory for people to get enrolled .
Nearly 15-16 lakh biometric devices are currently being used for Aadhaar authentication across the country .
Additionally , as I will elaborate later , we will undertake significant reform including enactment of a law to ensure all government benefits are conferred to people who deserve it by giving a statutory backing to the Aadhar platform , finance minister Arun Jaitley said while announcing union budget 2016-17 .
Dharwad : Aadhaar is not only a foundation of unique identification of residents of India , but also the sheet anchor for all the services and facilities , a resident of India is entitled to get from the government said deputy director general 'Aadhaar ' UIDAI regional office ( Bangalore ) Ashok Dalwai .
Our toll-free helpline 1947 , which has been revamped to handle more incoming calls , brings Aadhaar closer to everyone .
Dalwai said that one would be asked to Re-Enrol for Aadhaar , if the collected data failed in the quality check for validations .
Ssp Lucknow Deepak said the gang used to advertise on social networking sites , inviting application from unemployed people willing to open customer service centre ( CSC ) for issuance of Aadhaar card , pan card , income certificate , caste certificate , domicile certificate and providing money transfer facility .
At UIDAI , we are very strict on the privacy issue .
Speaking about the enrolments , Nilekani said that the 12-digit unique identity number -- Aadhar -- has been provided to 37 million people across the country and very soon over one million people will enrol for unique identity number every day .
After intervention by the moderator , Dalwai said : I am 200 % confident that UID is a legal body .
The UID authority has promised to review procedures and then carry on with the data collection , Chidambaram said at a joint news conference he addressed with Nilekani and planning commission deputy chairperson Montek Singh Ahluwalia .
Lets assume there is no Aadhaar but some information that is contained in some network gets hacked or gets leaked , that is because of the technology used there , Jaitley said .
He is attacking Aadhaar to draw attention away from his own lack of achievements , Nilekani said .
His comments came against the backdrop of reports of differences between the home ministry and the planning commission over carrying out the Bio-Metric collections for the ambitious unique identification number project .
Everyone will get a Chance'Ashok Dalwai , deputy director general , told toi : as of now , India post which is a registrar of UID has opened a few counters but public response is overwhelming .
Aadhaar number will be the sixth such option .
He also said that UIDAI will detail its position on the Aadhaar system to the apex court in an affidavit to be filed shortly .
Unique identification authority chief Nandan Nilekeni asked the state authorities to play a model role in introduction of Aadhar numbers that will help in implementation of social schemes .
The centre recently notified the new Aadhar act which gives the numbers assigned by it a statutory backing for transfer of subsidies and benefits to people eligible for them .
The ambitious project - which has issued unique identification numbers to more than 380 million people , which is large than the population of several large countries in just a few years - would still take a few more years before every Indian resident is issued with this unique number and the card having the biometric information of the individual , Nilekani told a Washington audience .
Stating that he himself does not have an Aadhaar card , Ramesh said a situation may arise when it may be needed even to book a flight or get a phone number .
The introduction of Aadhaar bill as a 'Money bill ' was nothing but a brazen and mala fide attempt to bypass the approval of Rajya Sabha which holds an important place in the constitutional and Democratic framework of lawmaking , Ramesh said while challenging the constitutional validity of the Aadhar act .
On the Bjps promise to shut down the Aadhaar system as it is allegedly helping illegal Bangladeshi immigrants to enrol , Nilekani said : its very clearly mentioned that Aadhaar is only an ID card and does not prove ones citizenship .
First , we will introduce the targeted delivery of financial and other subsidiary benefits services by using the Aadhaar framework .
Bengaluru : India 's unique digital identity platform Aadhaar and the rapid rise in smartphone usage open up a whole new way of looking at applications , said Nandan Nilekani , former UIDAI chairman .
Bangalore : a governmental group is looking at how to converge two major national identification projects , Nandan Nilekani , chairman of the unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) , said here on Friday .
Read : GST will reflect spirit of one nation , one aspiration : top 10 points from PM Modis Niti Aayog Meethere are the Highlights:6:22 PM : use of technologies such as Bhim , Aadhaar would result in significant savings for states , says PM Modi6:18 PM : States should use govt e-marketplace to reduce corruption , increase transparency in govt procurement : PM Modi6:10 PM : PM Modi asks States , local govts , NGOs to decide goals for 2022 and work in mission mode to achieve them .
Aadhaar is robust , safe , secure and totally accountable , Prasad told reporters here .
Prasad said as of now , the issue of challenge to Aadhar is pending before a constitution bench of the Supreme Court which had passed certain interim orders .
Jan Dhan-Aadhar-Mobile Trinity , commonly known as jam , helped the government save leakages worth RS 36,000 crore in subsidies and benefits provided to the poor , during the last one year , Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad today said .
What Sterilisation was to the emergency , Aadhaar seeding is becoming to your government .
Aadhaar example of using technology to leapfrog : Nilekanimelbourne , Oct 16 , 2013 , ( PTI ) : 9:29 Istaadhaar project is an example Ofusingmodern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani has said .
Questioning the legitimacy of the UIDAI and the governments claim that Aadhaar is the biggest tool to eradicate corruption in the country , Justice ( Retd ) K s Puttaswamy , the main petitioner in the PIL filed in the Supreme Court on Uiadi , Mathew Thomas , managing trustee of the fifth estate , Somasekhar V K , managing trustee of Grahak Shakti , and Sunil Abraham , CEO , Centre for Internet and society , on Thursday announced that they would be soon filing a contempt petition in the apex court .
And across the States , we find an urge now , that they want to get out of the rigmarole and see brighter ways , RAM said , adding that the roll out of the GST , Aadhar platform and mobile connectivity were creating conditions for inclusive growth .
Disclosing this to the media here on Wednesday , UIDAI deputy director general Ashok Dalwai said the authority would begin the exercise on a trial basis across the country on May 1 , before taking it up in earnest on May 15 .
Not only will this service streamline the process of on-boarding new customers but it will also simplify the process of linking existing customer accounts to their respective Aadhaar numbers in an easy , yet secure manner , said Nilekani .
The software sometimes fails to read fingerprints and Aadhaar card details of beneficiaries , forcing them to return without their monthly quota of subsidised foodgrain , Modi said .
Gandhinagar : chief minister Narendra Modi has asked officials to expedite the issuing of Aadhar cards and take up this campaign on mission mode .
We are going to say that in India only registered devices will work ( for Aadhaar authentication ) .
All Aadhar-Based applications would be accessible through post offices .
Defending his stand to contest on a Congress ticket in the light of several corruption charges the party was facing , Nilekani said : please understand that Aadhaar is the worlds largest anti-corruption platform .
Jaitley also said the Aadhaar should be linked with filing of income tax returns to curb tax evasions .
I have also given notice , Jaitley said while referring to his announcement on Aadhaar .
Amendments must be made to the Aadhaar act , 2016 , after the enactment of a data protection law , in order to bring the act in consonance with the data protection framework , Shashitharoor said .
Last month the SC ruled that Aadhaar can only be issued to those with proven Indian nationality and can not be mandatory for accessing public services and subsidies .
Those without Aadhar numbers will be given an opportunity to enrol for a UID number , Gautham said .
Swinging into action , the unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) has reached out to its regional offices to , in turn , Sensitise enrollment agencies to strictly adhere to the rules of enrollment , even as the erring operator has been blacklisted .
Aadhaar enrolment will be speeded up : Siddaramaiahbangalore , may 26 , 2013 , Dhns : 1:57 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Sunday said the government will take measures to speed up the Aadhaar enrolment drive and the entire population of the state will be covered within one year .
Prasad said the government saved about RS 50,000 crore LPG subsidy due to the linking of Aadhaar card with Jhan Dhan accounts .
Emphasising on transparency in the Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme ( Mnregs ) , Yogiadityanath said that active workers should be linked with Aadhaar-Based payment system .
Nilekani said Aadhaar has more than 55 crore people into its enrolment and in the next few months it will cross the 60-Crore mark .
Eighty per cent of the two million individuals , who have been enrolled for the unique Aadhar number so far , have requested for bank accounts , said Nilekani while addressing the NASSCOM leadership forum 2011 .
Delivering the eighth annual Richard H sabot lecture 'Technology to leapfrog development : the Aadhaar experience ' organised by center for global development - a Washington- based think-tank , Nilekani said UIDAI has leveraged the state of the art technology of the present days to provide unique identification number to every resident of the country .
Transgender community members understand the importance of coming under the purview of government projects like Aadhaar and public distribution system for food , but they do n't have the documents for this , said RAM , programme manager , Aarohan .
Share this article related article Lok Sabha passes finance bill , rejects all amendments proposed by Rajya Sabhalok Sabha passes finance bill , rejects all amendments proposed by Rajya Sabha parliament made irrelevant : Oppositionparliament made irrelevant : opposition government opposes Jairam 's plea against Aadhaar bill as money Billgovernment opposes Jairam 's plea against Aadhaar bill as money Bill explained : What is money Bill and financial Billexplained : What is money Bill and financial Bill BJP , opposition set for big Aadhaar fight Todaybjp , opposition set for big Aadhaar fight today Aadhaar bill introduced in Lok Sabhaparticipating in the debate in Rajya Sabha , Congress MP Jairam Ramesh , the author of all amendments passed by the upper house , conceded he was probably indulging in a futile exercise but said it was his , and his Partys duty to suggest changes that he considered necessary to improve the bill .
Chidambaram also said the government was mulling incorporating Aadhar numbers in the future resident identity cards of the national population register ( NPR ) , which falls under the home ministry .
Singh also referred to the government 's plan to implement national e-governance scheme and providing Aadhar numbers .
Pm Modi said those opposing Evms are not only opposed to Evms , they have problems with technology , digital transactions , Aadhaar , GST , Bhim app .
Jaitley said discussion on the institution of Aadhar has been going on for over seven years after the then upa government approved a bill in September , 2010 and introduced it in parliament that December .
The use of a fake Aadhaar ID will prove more hazardous to criminals as compared to spurious ration or election cards as biometric data can identify an individual with more certainty .
Uidai has not authorised the owners of these mobile applications or websites to extend any Aadhaar-Related services on its behalf , Mr Pandey said in the statement .
My powers have been delegated by the PM , Nilekani said , adding that UIDAI is an attached office of the planning commission .
Prasad said , the higher the linkages with the Aadhaar number , the more we have in terms of seamless digital transactions .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director of the UIDAI regional office , Bangalore , said UIDAI , in a bid to reduce processing time , had enhanced the capacity of the central identification repository to process 10 lakh packets per day from the current five lakh .
This actually is a good practice whenever they submit photocopies of documents , UIDAI chief executive officer Ajay Bhushan Pandey said in a statement .
The home minister said the decision will speed up both UID and NPR processes and the entire country will be covered by June , 2013 .
Also , an individual seeking another Aadhaar number on the same biometric details is sure to be caught by the UIDAI as biometrics are unique to a person .
Aadhaar project would use today 's latest and modern technology , said Dr. Singh .
In a Facebook post titled 'Benefits of the Aadhaar - where it stands today ' , Arunjaitley said its use in the delivery of subsidies has helped saved RS 90,000 crore in the last few years till March 2018 by eliminating several duplicates , non-existent and fake beneficiaries .
India has strong infrastructure and one of the best Aadhar-Enabled payment systems in the world which is Besed on fingerprints , Naidu said , calling it a low hanging fruit in course of the switchover to digital mode .
Bank Mitras need to be enabled to carry out Rupay card and Aadhaar enabled transactions in villages itself , the PM said .
Agartala : Union minister Jairam Ramesh has said 'Aadhaar ' numbers , the unique 12-digit identification numbers given to residents of India , would be used to provide different social pensions , Mgnrega wages to workers and scholarships to students .
Demonetisation +Times of India Litfest +New Delhi : will hasten the digitisation of the financial economy and financial inclusion , said Nandan Nilekani , former chairman of the unique identification authority of India , at Thetoday .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director , unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) said unique identification ( UID ) card was a legal database collection system and there was no chance of the data being misused .
The Aadhaar integrated services would ensure that the services reached the right person , preventing wastage or diversion of benefits , Mr. Dalwai said .
This makes it not only one of the most accurate , but soon to be the largest biometric system in the world , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said in a statement here .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director-general of UID authority of India , Bangalore , told toi on Tuesday : the authority has completed all requirements as outlined by the centre on the technical front .
At a joint press conference today , Union home minister P Chidambaram , Nilekani and planning commission deputy chairman Montek Singh put up a United front , saying the NPR and UID projects will proceed alongside to ensure that all Indian citizens have a unique number by June 2013 .
Mumbai : UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said it platforms could open up a huge app economy , transforming the way healthcare and education services are delivered in the country .
16 : chief minister Mamatabanerjee today said Trinamul MPs would meet the prime minister soon to protest the centre 's alleged efforts to make Aadhaar cards mandatory by September for direct Benefit-Transfer schemes .
But he said the Aadhaar platform lent itself to numerous other possibilities - including as an electronic KYC ( know your customer ) and to transfer money between two people .
This is not a tactical , but a strategic partnership , where UIDAI will leverage the existing infrastructure of the Dop to reach out to the masses for providing UID , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said while signing the agreement .
Share this article related article government opposes Jairam 's plea against Aadhaar bill as money Billgovernment opposes Jairam 's plea against Aadhaar bill as money bill the LPG Puzzlethe LPG puzzle Aadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie Pointsaadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie points hope to pass GST , bankruptcy bill this session : Arun Jaitleyhope to pass GST , bankruptcy bill this session : Arunjaitley Aadhaar bill introduced in Lok Sabhaaadhaar bill introduced in Lok Sabha Aadhaar gets statutory status ; centre to bring bill in two Dayswhile wrapping up the debate , Arunjaitley said that except for some questions with regard to privacy and disclosure of information which have been raised , most speakers have actually supported the bill .
Dalwai said no one should apply more than once for an Aadhaar card unless he/she receives a rejection letter from the UIDAI .
Union finance minister Pranabmukherjee , who was also present at the function , said this UID project will help in improving the delivery mechanism of social welfare schemes .
Complete 'Aadhar ' coverage in Karnataka by June next : Cmbangalore , July 16 , 2013 ( PTI ) : 18:03 Istkarnataka chief minister RAM today said plans have been formulated to cover the entire state under the 'Aadhaar ' project by June next year .
Ramesh said he was challenging the wrongful and unconstitutional enactment of the Aadhaar ( targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies , benefits and services ) act , 2016 by characterising , introducing and passing it as 'Money bill ' in the Lok Sabha .
There is considerable ease in using Aadhaar-Based authentication apart from several advantages with the entire process being Realti me , UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey told toi .
If there are no banks or post office , how can one avail direct benefit transfer as there are lots of SC St people who dont have Aadhar card , Mamatabanerjee said .
Speaking at the same programme earlier , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani had said the authority will beat the target of generating 60 crore Aadhaar numbers before schedule in the next few months .
Nandan Nilekani , UIDAI chairman , said the remittance facility demonstrated one of the many uses of Aadhaar .
As parties like Bjd opposed the move to make Aadhaar mandatory for filing of income tax returns and making pan application , Jaitley said linking of Aadhaar with pan was necessary as people have multiple pan cards and are using it as a tool for tax evasion .
Pressing for the scrutiny of the speakers decision to certify the Aadhaar bill as money bill , RAM said it is important to see what can be certified as money bill .
Modi said : I want you to work to ensure that each account holder Enrols for Aadhaar and seeds it in the bank account .
Pm demands 'Concrete ' results of DBT Schemenew Delhi , June 19 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:58 Istwith the government saving up to 15 per cent in direct benefit transfers of subsidies to the beneficiaries , Prime Minister Modi on Thursday asked authorities to accelerate the delivery of benefits and expand the applications for the Aadhaar ( unique identification ) card .
Citing his government 's schemes like Jan Dhan Yojana and Aadhaar , Modi said these efforts have saved more than RS 1,10,000 crore of public money from going to fake beneficiaries .
New Delhi : Microsoft CEO satyanadella on Wednesday announced the integration of Skype and Aadhaar to launch the Skype Lite for low speed mobile Internet connections , which will be supported by Aadhaar and will enable technology that can empower people and organisations .
At DUDU only , Aadhaar enabled system of social sector , Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme ( Mgnregs ) and pension scheme will be implemented , UIDAI ( unique identification authority of India ) chairman Nandan Nilekani told reporters here .
Now , the thumb ( used for Aadhaar-Based transactions ) has become your strength , Modi said .
Only subsidies , cost of which are fully borne by states , wo n't come under the Aadhaar law , he added .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director-general ( tech centre ) , unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) , said here on Saturday that the UIDAI is working with various state governments to integrate Aadhaar with various social sector service delivery programmes , for efficient delivery of services to the beneficiaries .
Melbourne : Aadhaar project is an example of using modern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani has said .
Rate cuts , stalled exports Worrybengaluru : June 23 , 2015 , Dhns 1:20 Istthe audience at the Indian Institute for human settlements erupted in laughter when former UIDAI head Nandan Nilekani , who served as the moderator , asked Arvind to explain the Panga you have with the RBI over interest rates ?
Authorization through postal department would not be accepted officially but if there is no choice , then one can go for such process also , said Ashok Dalwai , deputy director general ( technology centre ) , UIDAI .
Our first target is to grab low hanging fruits like the Aadhaar platform and the high penetration of Anroid phones , said Naidu .
In a review meeting , finance minister Arun Jaitley told the officers that Aadhar card numbers may also be seeded with bank accounts as the same will help in directly transferring the subsidies to the bank accounts of the desired sections of the society under direct benefit transfer ( DBT ) scheme .
Talking at the NASSCOM product conclave here , UID chairman Nandan Nilekani said that the US government had launched global positioning system ( GPS ) in the 90s and later in the 2000s it was made available for commercial purposes .
Delivering his keynote address at the valedictory of the two-day All-India conference of directors of fingerprint bureaus in Bangalore on Tuesday , Mr. Dalwai said though the data collected by the UIDAI is confidential , it can be shared on the basis of court orders and particularly for cases relating to national security .
Demonetisation to push digital economy , says Nilekaninew Delhi , Nov 28 , 2016 , PTI : 22:21 Istdemonetisation would see a massive activation of digitisation of financial services in the country , although there will be some amount of short term pain in the coming weeks , former UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said today .
On allegation that Aadhaar is given to illegal immigrants , Nilekani said : Aadhaar only gives you a unique identity , not a citizenship card .
And those who do n't have phones need simply use their Aadhar cards to make payments at Micro-Atms , Nilekani said .
Yesterday I have filed a writ petition in the Supreme Court challenging the decision to treat Aadhaar as a money bill , Ramesh , a former union minister during upa , said here .
Moving the bill for consideration and passage earlier , Jaitley said targeted subsidy through Aadhar cards of LPG consumers had resulted in savings of over RS 15000 crore at the centre .
The planning commission today said the Nandan Nilekani-Led UIDAI project is better than the one being advocated by the home ministry for capturing data regarding residents and improving the delivery of the government schemes .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director general , UIDAI ( Karnataka ) , said that the authority had received several complaints in that regard .
End-To-End security of resident data has also been given major priority , said Ashok Dalwai , deputy director-general , UIDAI .
In Gujarat , even payment in ration shops is being made using thumb impression which is linked to Aadhaar , Prasad said .
We reviewed different issues , Ahluwalia said , adding that the home ministry 's national population register ( NPR ) project for constructing digital database of residents could continue along with UIDAI .
Last week , Mamatabanerjee had said publicly that she would not link her mobile phone number with Aadhaar , as required by the government , and had dared the authorities to cut off her connection .
Lokpal - one among many ways to fight corruption : Nilekanilast updated : 19 August , 2011New Delhi , Aug 19 ( Ians ) 14:03 Istthe Lokpal bill which is before parliament is only one of the many ways of tackling the menace of corruption , said Nandan Nilekani , chairperson of the unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) Friday .
The digital ID works even if they move places , he said , adding that the passport department , Epfo and other government departments would soon start using Aadhaar .
Complete 'Aadhar ' coverage in Karnataka by June next : Cmbangalore , July 16 , 2013 ( PTI ) : 18:03 Istkarnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah today said plans have been formulated to cover the entire state under the 'Aadhaar ' project by June next year .
Mr. Pandey said a lot of planning has gone into jam over the last six years and he was happy to see all the three things ( Jan Dhan bank accounts , Aadhar numbers and mobile phone numbers ) integrated with great efficiency in Krishna district .
Uidai chairman Nandan Nilekani has also said that the strategy of the project will be reviewed and its processes may be changed .
| file Photonew Delhi : Aadhaar becoming an identity proof for every Indian is now a distinct possibility , finance secretary Ashok Lavasa said on Wednesday .
Elaborating on implementation issues , Ramesh said the government claims to have saved RS 49,000 crore LPG subsidies by linking with Aadhaar but a CAG report has debunked this in a recent report .
As of now , 14 banks have come on board for Aadhaar pay and the service will be launched soon , Prasad said told reporters .
Uidai deputy director general Ashok Dalwai said that the proposed centres require enrolment kits , which cost RS 1.5 lakh each .
To a query on rumours that the Aadhaar was issued to migrants from neighbouring countries , Mr. Dalwai said that it was not the Uidais concern .
Nandan Nilekani , regarded as the father of the Aadhaar card idea , had said soon after the card was made mandatory for direct benefit transfers in this year 's budget that this has become central to the government 's transformation agenda and will help clear ambiguity in the courts .
Asked if the union government has proposed to link any project with Aadhaar , Nilekani said organizations like Central board for direct taxes that issues pan and passport offices have expressed interest in liking up .
But overall , the entire state will be covered by March 2014 , Nilekani said and added that the state had been in the forefront of the UID programme and the linkage with direct benefit transfer schemes had also been a success in Karnataka .
By giving benefits directly to the needy , complaints of dishonesty and delay will reduce , Singh said at a function where he handed over Aadhar number '21 crore ' to a villager here .
Mysore : for the marginalized , illiterate and vulnerable groups , Aadhaar will come as a boon to would turn into boon for marginalized or vulnerable groups to get access many services with a help of single identity number opined , said Nandan Nilekani , chairman , unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) .
Now manufacturers too are showing Interestthey know when they make specially designed biometric fingerprint scanner for Aadhaar and put another lock as per Uidais requirement , it will sell in the market .
Dalwai said the second phase of Aadhaar enrolments would be more stringent and foolproof , both at the enrolment level and data uploading level .
Modi said that day was not far when reputed universities of the world will come to India to conduct case studies on the Bhim-Aadhaar app .
Briefing reporters here , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said the electronic know your customer ( Ekyc ) service from UIDAI will enhance customer convenience and greatly increase business efficiency across sectors that require proof of identity and address to open customer accounts .
We have launched our website in five languages for communicating to a larger audience across the country on issues related to Aadhaar .
The need for this ( Aadhar ) and the utility for this has been universally recognised across states , says Arun Jaitley , Union finance minister .
Transgender community members understand the importance of coming under the purview of government projects like Aadhaar and public distribution system for food , but they do n't have the documents for this , said RAM park , programme manager , Aarohan .
Imagination is the limit as far as what applications could be built upon the Aadhar platform , Nilekani said .
On Wednesday , finance minister Arun Jaitley said that an Aadhaar card could become the sole identifier for a person in future .
Modi has also asked bankers to ensure that all Jan Dhan bank accounts are linked to Aadhaar or unique identification numbers allotted to people .
Nilekani ready to contest LS polls , to join Congressbangalore , Jan 10 , 2014 ( PTI ) 17:55 Istending speculation about his foray into politics , billionaire Infosys co-founder and head of Aadhar programme Nandan Nilekani today said he would join the Congress and was ready to contest the Lok Sabha polls .
Uidai is currently working with banks and the National payments corporation of India ( Npci ) and expects to roll out the feature in the next few weeks .
We will review Aadhaar project if Bjp-Led NDA comes to power and look into its flaws .
Only 'Registered devices ' that incorporate the new specifications will be allowed to perform Aadhaar authentication after September 30 , 2017 .
Uidai deputy director general Ashok Dalwai told toi the shell of the building has been handed over to Wipro infotech for developing the data centre .
Uidai chairman Nandan Nilekani said the government is using state-of-the-art technology to ensure Aadhaar provides the best service for the people .
One of our biggest supporters , the finance minister has been extremely gracious and supportive , and he has always sent me the message that we should do this as fast as we can , Nilekani told reporters at the first anniversary of Aadhaar launch .
58-Year-Old Nilekani , who is the chairman of the unique identification authority of India , said talks are going on about the constituency from which he should be contesting .
At the recent global conference on cyberspace , Prime Minister Modi said , I am sure most of you are already aware of Aadhaar , which is the unique biometric identity of a Personthrough better targeting of subsidies , the jam ( Jan Dhan-Aadhaar-Mobile ) Trinity has prevented leakages to the tune of nearly $ 10 billion so far .
2 billion biometric Identities- Aadhaar or Foundation- in just a few years , Modi said at the event .
Ramesh had said that Jaitley , in his attempt to justify the decision to treat Aadhaar as money bill , had misled the house by claiming that in the past two bills , one on juvenile justice and another on African Development Bank , too had been brought as money bills .
Watch video : the big picture of Arun Jaitleys budget 2016We will undertake significant reforms , such as the enactment of a law to ensure that all government benefits are conferred upon persons who deserve it , by giving a statutory backing to the Aadhar platform , he said in speech for union budget 2016-17 .
Agriculture Minister RAM , while pointing out that there was a lot of corruption in the administration across the country , said Aadhaar would go a long way in curbing it .
Explaining further , Nilekani said : ( director general of UIDAI ) RAM Sewak Sharma 's powers are delegated by the deputy chairman , planning commission .
Aadhaar is a game changer , Arunjaitley said .
Nandan Nilekani said the Aadhaar project cost is estimated at $ 3- $ 4 billion with each enrollment costing RS 100-150 .
Every month 2 crore accounts are being seeded with Aadhaar , Prasad said .
Nilekani said Aadhaar would make the life of India 's 400 million migrants simpler .
Everywhere I went , the refrain was we want change now , said billionaire Nilekani , who had his political baptism only recently after overseeing implementation of Aadhar scheme as chief of unique identification authority of India .
Making Aadhaar mandatory for availing subsidies was resulting in exclusion of beneficiaries and the government can not claim to have saved huge subsidies by this , he said .
Melbourne : amid reports that he may join politics , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani on Monday said he was considering all options Post-Aadhaar .
There is no sub-contracting allowed under the scheme , Ashok Dalwai , deputy director-general of the UIDAI regional office in Bangalore , told the Hindu .
Modi said the banks should redouble efforts in financial literacy and seeding of Aadhar numbers with bank accounts needs to improve .
Prime Minister Modi has repeatedly said that state governments should map their department databases with Aadhaar to address irregularities .
Aadhaar New Delhi ( PTI ) : the government has set a target to enrol about 60 crore people by the end of 2014 under the unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) enabled Aadhaar cards , its chairperson Nandan Nilekani said on Thursday .
In a Facebook post titled 'Benefits of the Aadhaar - where it stands today ' , Arunjaitley said its use in the delivery of subsidies has helped saved RS 90,000 crore in the last few years till March 2018 by eliminating several duplicate , non-existent and fake beneficiaries .
Uidai deputy director general Ashok Dalwai said the data centre in Bangalore is unique and it would store biometric and demographic data of people enrolled under Aadhaar throughout the country .
Speaking at an Assocham event , Lavasa said Aadhaar can become the single identity proof for an array of services .
Read more Herefinance minister Arun Jaitley counters critique : Yes , we are making Aadhaar Mandatoryduring a discussion on the finance bill , which was passed in the evening on Wednesday , Arun Jaitley said the government was in favour of making Aadhar mandatory for all citizens , saying why cant it be when 98 per cent of the citizens already have it .
Uidai will eventually increase its biometric authentication capacity to 40 crore , UIDAI chief executive officer Ajay Bhushan Pandey told reporters here .
About using Iris scan for issuing the unique identity number , Nilekani said it is a closed issue because the decision was taken one-and-a-half years ago .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director-general , UIDAI regional office , Bangalore , said while the response to the project has so far been excellent , there is no deadline to get the UID .
Large amounts to be saved by routing subsidy through Aadhar : Govtnew Delhi , Mar 11 , 2016 ( PTI ) 18:39 Istthousands of crore rupees will be saved by routing government subsidy through the Aadhaar system , finance minister Arun Jaitley said today , as the Lok Sabha passed a bill to give statutory backing to the unique identity number scheme .
Terming it as a transformative piece of legislation , Mr. Jaitley said a social security platform will be developed using Aadhaar to accurately target beneficiaries .
Express photo by Renuka Purilinking Aadhaar with filing of income tax returns is a way to curb tax evasion , and action will be taken on big depositors of discontinued currency who have not replied to the income tax departments queries on the source of cash , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Wednesday .
Insisting that a series of conditions are specified in article 110 and that article 110 uses the word only if those conditions are prevalent can a bill be declared a money bill , Ramesh had said that the Aadhaar bill , which was passed as a money Bill ignored five recommendations made by the Rajya Sabha .
Since the applications have now been linked to Aadhaar numbers , this time , the problem will not crop up , RAM said .
Nilekani said plans are on track to issue Aadhaar numbers to 600 million ( 60 crore ) people in three to three-and-half years .
65 lakh current accounts and savings accounts have been linked with the unique identification number , and a total of 6811 Aadhaar Enrolment/Update centres are operational in bank branches , minister of state ( MOS ) for finance , Shiv Shukla said on Friday , in a written reply to a question in Lok Sabha .
Dalwai said the response received by UIDAI was too overwhelming and that there was an immediate need to enhance infrastructure , especially pertaining to processing of enrolments .
New Delhi : President Pranabmukherjee on Sunday said that the Aadhar card initiative is a watershed event in the development of the country .
Nilekani to join Congress soon in Delhi : Kpcc Chiefbangalore , Jan 25 , 2014 , PTI : 18:27 Istit czar and face of upa 's flagship 'Aadhar ' programme Nandan Nilekani will soon officially join the Congress in Delhi , Karnataka Pradesh Congress committee chief g RAM said today .
In a bid to promote Aadhaar-Based payment system , especially in rural pockets , UIDAI has favoured incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions , in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents .
Nilekani said a governmental group was looking at how to converge two major national identification projects the unique identification project , which Nilekani leads and comes under the planning commission , and the national population register project , being undertaken by the Registrar-General of India that comes under the home ministry .
We will make all 5.58 lakh ration shops Aadhar-Enabled by June 30 .
We are simply providing a data bank of identity and residence proof and as Munda government has expressed interest in linking it with PDS , Mgnrega payment , payment of scholarship to students and old age pension through Aadhaar numbers , other states and the centre need to expedite the process of linking different service delivery mechanisms with the Aadhaar number , he said .
B'Aadhaar card to become mandatory to procure online certificates Aadhaar card to become mandatory to procure online Certificatesan Aadhar card is mandatory to apply for government-issued certificates online through a newly launched government portal , GOA chief minister Manoharparrikar said on Wednesday .
While the enrolling agencies are paid up to RS 40 for a successful enrollment , banks are charging about RS 50 for the same , said a UIDAI official .
The goal , Nilekani said , is to achieve widespread diffusion of Aadhaar platform knowledge across New entrepreneurial Ventures and existing software companies to assist and nurture Aadhaar capabilities .
Aadhaar project is to solve the problem of people who do not have an acknowledgement of their existence by people and the state or lack of acknowledgement of their identity , he said .
We have taken strict action against them , UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey said .
We have been able to achieve this speed and scale due to our multiple registrar model , as well as scalable technical architecture , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said .
Nilekani to quit UIDAI by March-Endnew Delhi , Feb 21 , 2014 , Dhns : 1:33 Istuidai chairman Nandan Nilekani on Friday said he will resign by March-End to contest the Lok Sabha elections on a Congress ticket .
Aadhar to bring transparency in welfare schemes : Pmnew Delhi , Aug 15 , 2012 , ( Ians ) : 9:57 Istthe government wanted to create a system through which money from central welfare schemes could be credited directly into bank accounts of beneficiaries and would utilise the unique identification number Aadhar scheme for this , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said Wednesday .
Pm demands 'Concrete ' results of DBT Schemenew Delhi , June 19 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:58 Istwith the government saving up to 15 per cent in direct benefit transfers of subsidies to the beneficiaries , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Thursday asked authorities to accelerate the delivery of benefits and expand the applications for the Aadhaar ( unique identification ) card .
Addressing the function , upa chairperson Sonia Gandhi said the Aadhaar scheme not only gives identity to the common man but is also a tool to claim benefits .
We are saying wherever you do not have business Corespondents , supposing a merchant is able to facilitate payment directly from the Aadhaar-Linked bank account , then there has to be a system in which the merchant should get the incentive , he said .
Prime Minister Narendramodi has repeatedly said that state governments should map their department databases with Aadhaar to address irregularities .
Aadhaar will provide a big platform to fight corruption , said UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani , who is expected to contest forthcoming Lok Sabha elections on Congress ticket .
They know when they make specially designed biometric fingerprint scanner for Aadhaar and put another lock as per UIDAI 's requirement , it will sell in the market .
At a recent high-level meeting of Pragati ( pro-active governance and timely implementation ) , Modi asked unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) and chief secretaries of states such as up and Bihar which are lagging behind to accelerate and complete enrollment of all residents by December 2015 .
The Aadhaar card details were registered with the student bank accounts , said Dr Vinod RAM , head of government model high school , sector 34 .
The focus should be enrolling the weaker and marginalized sections as most of the state and central beneficiary schemes are linked to Aadhar , Siddaramaiah said .
The monies saved through Aadhaar is money fruitfully employed for the poor elsewhere , Arunjaitley said .
It did not involve any process of authentication or matching by those agencies with the data held by them , was Uidais reply .
India has strong infrastructure and one of the best Aadhar-Enabled payment systems in the world which is Besed on fingerprints , Babu said , calling it a low hanging fruit in course of the switchover to digital mode .
New Delhi , Jan 24 , 2015 ( PTI ) 15:30 istall Jan Dhan bank accounts should be linked to Aadhaar , Prime Minister Narendramodi said today while asking bankers to speed up this process and redouble efforts on financial literacy .
Speaking at a seminar organised by Assocham , Lavasa said Aadhaar has brought efficiency in public spending and removed corruption .
Addressing the function , upa chairperson Sonia Gandhi said the Aadhar scheme gives identity to the common man and is a tool to claim benefits .
Another amendment sought to restrict the use of Aadhaar numbers only for targeting of government benefits or service and not for any other purpose .
After reviewing the existing arrangements for the administration of pension disbursement under Nsap , immediate action must be taken for updating and completing database of all pension beneficiaries ; seeding the Nsap database with the Bank/Post office account details as well as Aadhar number ; use of Bank/Post office account number to transfer the pension amount and launching a drive to enrol pensioners who have not so far enrolled for Aadhar in order to position Nsap for DBT , Ramesh said in a letter .
Having participated in a daylong discussion with officials from Bihar , West Bengal and Jharkhand besides representatives of National-Level registrars like banks , Lici , post offices and other central government agencies notified as national registrars , Nilekani said UIDAI has achieved the targets well within time .
We have to give everyone an identity card ( and ) Aadhaar is as good an identity as any , said Gandhi , women and child development minister .
Claiming that the social benefits of a universal identity system was immense , Mr. Dalwai said , in the long-term , the card would reduce the number of bogus ration cards , and could even help in extending credit to the rural poor when they use their UID number for transactions .
Now , in a more ambitious version of programmes that have slashed poverty in Brazil and Mexico , the government has begun to use the UID database , known as Aadhaar , to make direct cash transfers to the poor , in an attempt to cut out frauds who siphon billions of dollars from welfare schemes .
Modi said this after reviewing the progress of UID project and DBT scheme .
Aadhar chairman Nandan Nilekani said all certified partners would be able to embed authentication features in their applications .
Uidai deputy director general ( Bangalore regional office ) Ashok Dalwai told Deccan Herald that the software - which is more accurate and contains more security features - would be simultaneously released in all 18 states where UIDAI is operating .
The report states : based on the numbers available on the websites looked at , the estimated number of Aadhaar numbers leaked through these 4 portals could be around 130-135 million ( 13- 13.5 crore ) and the number of bank accounts numbers leaked at around 100 million ( 10 crore ) from the specific portals we looked at .
Nearly 20 lakh people have been enrolled in the state and the process of enrolment is going on at a good pace , Nilekani said while admitting that two other states that come under Ranchi regional office of UIDAI West Bengal and Bihar have of late started picking pace .
Now , the thumb ( used for Aadhaar-Based transactions ) has become your strength , said Modi .
Progress so Farstate enrolled uploaded Aadhaar card Generatedkarnataka 1,59,37,059 1,55,36,169 1,33,19,240Tamil Nadu 30,37,149 29,53,854 27,27,574Puducherry 9,11,244 8,82,803 7,74,646Kerala 71,15,818 65,74,719 55,48,154Total 2,70,01,270 2,59,47,545 2,23,69,614Source : Uidaienrol from Anywherewhen questioned about citizens who have missed out on enrolling in the first phase and whether there would be enrolment centres in the districts which have been already covered , Dalwai said anybody could enrol from any part of the state or country , provided they have the necessary documents .
We brought Dbtl and took advantage of bank accounts opened under Jan Dhan scheme and Aadhaar numbers to give subsidy straight to consumers , Modi said .
Nilekani said Aadhaar identity cards were accepted as valid documents under the know your customer ( KYC ) norms for opening bank accounts , securing mobile connections and getting cooking gas connections .
Quick Verificationthe pilot project on opening bank accounts with Aadhar information is operational in three banks in Tumkur district of Karnataka , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani told Deccan Herald .
1.7 million Cardssaying that there has been an improvement in the frequency in generating Aadhaar cards per day ever since it was launched in 2010 , Dalwai said 1.2 million Aadhaar cards were generated every day presently .
Speaking to reporters after launching a new revenue department website which facilitates online procurement of residence and income certificates and registration of property , Manoharparrikar said those without an Aadhar card will have to apply for the documents in person .
There is no concept such as smart or plastic Aadhaar card , Ajay Bhushan Pandey , CEO of UIDAI , said in a statement .
The UIDAI has also sought technical details on how access was gained for the national social assistance programme ( Nsap ) site -- one of the four portals where the alleged leak happened .
New Delhi : the centre told the Supreme Court on Tuesday that citizens could not claim absolute right over their body parts and refuse to give digital samples of their fingerprints and Iris for Aadhaar enrolment the concept of absolute right over one 's body was a myth and there were various laws which put restrictions on such a right , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi told a bench of justices a K Sikri and Ashok Bhushan .
However , keeping the drought in view , Siddaramaiah has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to Aadhaar till April 30 .
There is no proposal currently to make the use of Aadhaar mandatory under the scheme , finance minister Arunjaitley said in a written reply in Lok Sabha on February 2 .
We will bring it ( UIDAI bill ) in the next monsoon session of parliament instead of the forthcoming budget session , planning commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia told PTI .
New Delhi , Jan 24 , 2015 ( PTI ) 15:30 istall Jan Dhan bank accounts should be linked to Aadhaar , Prime Minister Modi said today while asking bankers to speed up this process and redouble efforts on financial literacy .
New Delhi : the unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) will move the Supreme Court to explain its position related to the Aadhaar scheme and also make a bid to save the upa 's showpiece initiative which aims at ensuring transparency in accessing public services and payment of subsidies .
Nilekani also said that UID is working with the ministry of finance and the Department of financial services on financial inclusion , with oil ministry on LPG subsidy reforms , with ministry of chemicals and fertilizers on fertilizer reforms , human resource development ministry on integration of Aakash and Department of telecom for providing Aadhar as know your customer ( KYC ) for mobile connections .
1 BN Aadhaar cards Soontalking about Aadhaar , Nilekani said 910 million people have the cards and this number will reach one billion by March 2016 .
Aadhaar platform is now ready to support payments under various schemes directly to the beneficiaries accounts in select areas , Pranabmukherjee said .
Acknowledging slip-ups in the Aadhaar enrolment process , UIDAI deputy director general Ashok Dalwai told toi there have been cases where an operator 's fingerprints had been registered instead of the applicant 's .
New Delhi : President Pranab Mukherjee on Sunday said that the Aadhar card initiative is a watershed event in the development of the country .
Aadhaar enrolment will be speeded up : Siddaramaiahbangalore , may 26 , 2013 , Dhns : 1:57 Istchief minister RAM on Sunday said the government will take measures to speed up the Aadhaar enrolment drive and the entire population of the state will be covered within one year .
Noting that this unique identification number is now becoming an internal passport and gateway to various services for Indians , Nilekani said by working with various regulators they have ensured that this ID is sufficient to get their services .
Those members of a family whose names had got suspended from ration cards for their inability to seed Aadhaar , can now get their names included , District-In-Charge minister RAM said .
Admitting to glitches , Ashok Dalwai , UIDAI chief , said , we plan to finish the process by the end of the year .
If you want to use Aadhaar authentication , then your devices will have to be registered with us , Ajay Bhushan Pandey , CEO of UIDAI told PTI .
The centres will facilitate enrolment of residents left out during the camps organised by registrars in the past and also facilitate biometric and demographic update , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said .
New Delhi : the central government is planning to make all ration shops under the public distribution system in the country Aadhaar-Enabled by June 30 this year , it minister Ravi Shankar Prasad today said .
Kumar has asked only one question about Aadhar in parliament , Nilekani has said , questioning his sudden concern .
( PTI ) Mumbai : prime minister Modi who paid floral tributes to Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar on the occasion of his birth anniversary at Deekshabhoomi in Nagpur , said the Bhim Aadhaar is the strongest foundation of a new economy and a new India that Dr Ambedkar had envisaged .
It is wrong on the part of the centre to come up with a directive that a person can not get pension or withdraw money from bank without Aadhar , Mamatabanerjee said .
Emphasising on transparency in the Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme ( Mnregs ) , Yogiadityanath said active workers should be linked with a Aadhaar-Based payment system .
Section 29 ( 4 ) of Aadhaar act prohibits making Aadhaar number of any individual public .
Addressing the SEBI board , Jaitley also said the passage of new Aadhar law would help in expanding investor base in securities market via KYC ( know your client ) simplification by greater use of technology .
Uidai regional deputy director Ashok Dalwai said the centre has asked regional offices to furnish a database on Aadhaar-Linked beneficiaries ( existing and proposed ) under various public services like subsidized LPG , pension schemes , student scholarship and PDS .
So we are focusing on it , UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey told PTI .
On the impact of the Supreme Court statement that the government should not make Aadhaar mandatory for availing social benefits , Nilekani said that the matter was Sub-Judice and would come up for its final hearing on September 22 .
Pictures by Jai Prakash and Pankaj Kumar Patna , July 29 : chief minister Nitishkumar today said the damage to houses and crops from the raging flood will be assessed soon , as the death toll rose to 26 .
Nilekani said the Aadhaar cards , already distributed among 60 crore people , will touch the 100 crore mark by the end of 2015 .
Aadhaar platform is now ready to support payments under various schemes directly to the beneficiaries accounts in select areas , Mukherjee said .
Ssp Lucknow Deepakkumar said the gang used to advertise on social networking sites , inviting application from unemployed people willing to open customer service centre ( CSC ) for issuance of Aadhaar card , pan card , income certificate , caste certificate , domicile certificate and providing money transfer facility .
When referred to the leakage of Aadhaar details of cricketer M s Dhoni , Arunjaitley said it was the result of an immature act by somebody in Ranchi against whom action has been taken .
Modi said those opposing Evms are not only opposed to Evms , they have problems with technology , digital transactions , Aadhaar , GST , Bhim app .
As Nandan Nilekani says , with the use of Aadhar-Enabled Ekyc , shifting from one operator to another ( number portability ) can be done in 15 minutes against up to seven days now .
Therefore we have decided that in addition to the Aadhaar platform all those who have a bank account will also get the LPG subsidy in their accounts directly , finance minister Arun Jaitley told reporters .
Participating in a programme organised by the UIDAI to mark the first anniversary of the launch of Aadhaar enrolments in the country , Mr. Dalwai said the authority , which began its task with a modest capacity to enrol 1,000 members a day a year ago , was now capable of enrolling 10 lakh persons a day .
Once you pass the bill , the SC will lay off the matter , Nilekani reportedly told Jaitely , sources close to UIDAI said .
These websites and companies extending these unauthorised services , tantamount to violation under information technology act 2000 , section 38 of Aadhaar act 2016 , and section 409 ( criminal breach of trust ) and section 420 ( cheating ) of IPC , according to UIDAI .
Maharashtra government was Impleaded after RAM told the court that the state government was insisting on Aadhar card number to pay wages to its employees .
Those whose Aadhaar card has been delayed in delivery can log on to the UID website and key in their enrolment number and take a print of their E-Aadhaar card , which is as valid as the Aadhaar card itself , said Dalwai .
Prasad told toi the new law kills the mandatory versus voluntary debate as it did not prohibit anyone from accepting government benefits , but it encourages the use of Aadhaar .
Mr. Dalawai told the Hindu that UIDAI systems have a capacity to generate 1.2 million Aadhaar daily .
On Nandan Nilekani contesting the Lok Sabha seat from Bangalore South constituency , RAM said the UIDAI chairman has expressed his intentions to contest and he told him he would discuss the issue with the Congress high command .
Aadhaar as the foundation of electronic transfer of benefits to beneficiaries of various social sector schemes should yield significant benefits , said Nandan Nilekani , chairman , UIDAI , addressing a press conference in New Delhi on Friday .
More and more bills are certified as money bills to bypass the Rajya Sabha , RAM told the bench which asked , what Ex-Facie can you show us in it ( Aadhaar bill ) that does not fall in the criteria for money bill .
Speaking at the inauguration of the direct benefit transfer ( DBT ) scheme in LPG subsidy , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said on Saturday that the state government and the authority would launch a massive enrolment drive in the next few months .
When questioned about what scheme will be linked with Aadhar after LPG benefit transfer , UIDAI head Nandan Nilekani said LPG itself would take lot of time to implement and other schemes would be taken up gradually .
Jaitley said the UIDAI had been conceptualised by the previous upa dispensation and the NDA government is putting it to use with 98 per cent adults or more than 108 crore people in India having been issued Aadhaar number .
The mobile phone is a bigger tool of surveillance than Aadhaar .
Dalwai in his reply said that the money spent on the project is subject to audit by the comptroller and auditor general ( CAG ) Prabhakar said that payments under the Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme ( Mgnregs ) can be accounted for and it will be sent directly to the beneficiaries accounts , which can be operated by the beneficiaries using their UID cards .
Uidai regional deputy director Ashok Dalwai told times of India the ministry of home affairs has given its clearance , and in the first phase , 65 guards will be deployed at the centre .
Nilekani , an Iit-Ian who left Infosys to join the government as the head of the unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) , said , having a strong corporate background has been beneficial but there were few adjustments I had to make accordingly to work in the government sector .
I concede defeat and congratulate Ananth Kumar for his performance in this poll , Nilekani , the face of upa 's flagship Aadhar programme , told PTI .
We plan to increase the language versions in the future , so that residents who have access to the Internet are able to view important information in a language that they are comfortable with , said Nandan Nilekani , chairman UIDAI while launching the multilingual website from UIDAI tech centre , Bengaluru .
After the BJP government took charge , Prime Minister Narendra Modi had asked UIDAI to fast-track the enrolment process .
Hailing the scheme as the countrys first totally Aadhar-Based cash transfer programme , Ms. Gandhi said the central governments direct benefit transfer system would be implemented in 51 districts from January 1 , 2013 , facilitating cash entitlement in a total of 32 schemes .
Just recently it was reported that Rajnath Singh is considering the merger of Aadhaar with the national population register ( NPR ) exercise .
In the next phase , the operations would be scaled up in the entire Mysore district , UIDAI chief Nandan Nilekani said .
Uidai to refresh data collection process in second Phasenew Delhi , Feb 7,2012 , Ians : 19:33 Istthe unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) will be refreshing its data collection process by including the best finger detection and Multiple-Try method in the second phase of enrolment in April , the agency 's chairman Nandan Nilekani said Tuesday .
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley , while clarifying the points raised by members , said it had been judicially settled in many countries , including the United States , that if an individual wants to claim specific government benefits , asking him or her to enrol for a Aadhaar like programme is not unjust .
Chidambaram also said the government was mulling incorporating Aadhar numbers in the future resident identity cards of the national population register ( NPR ) , which falls under the home ministry .
Nilekani , an ex-IT czar , said rural job and pension schemes along with public distribution system can be linked to Aadhar numbers .
When asked whether the Modi government had borrowed his ( Aadhar ) legacy and pushed it as its own , Nilekani said : I 'm happy that it 's not only been adopted .
Congress leader Jairam Ramesh said : what Sterilisation was to the emergency , Aadhaar seeding is becoming to your government .
Bengaluru : former UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said a sub $ 100 smartphone with an Iris-Recognition camera would be available in a year or two and that would enable users to do a one-click two factor authentication the mobile number would be one factor and the Iris-Based biometric authentication of Aadhaar number would be the second .
Rohatgi said linking pan with Aadhaar was needed to curb the practice of tax evasion and to keep tabs on the circulation of black money as pan was not a foolproof deterrent .
Ashok M R Dalwai , deputy director general of UIDAI , responding to the percentage of enrolment in the district , said , there were no surprises in the rate of enrolment observed in the district .
At UIDAI , we are very strict on privacy issues .
The upa legislation , Arunjaitley said , was inadequate as it did not contain adequate safeguards on privacy and did not mention for which purpose the UID would be used .
Photo of MS Dhoni posted on Twitter by Cscegov handle photo of MS Dhoni posted on Twitter by Cscegov Handlethe centre which , on Tuesday , leaked the Aadhaar data of former Indian cricket captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Twitter has been blacklisted for 10 years by UIDAI , reported news agency PTI .
In the past two years , he said , the government has enrolled 24 crore people for Aadhar and we expect to give Aadhar cards to around 60 crore by 2014 .
Deputy chairman of planning commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia told toi that UIDAI will detail its position on the Aadhaar system to the apex court in an affidavit to be filed shortly .
Nilekani added that UID would create for the first time in the country a national devices ' infrastructure that is inter-operable .
Goa set to achieve 100 % Aadhar card Registrationpanaji , July 13 , 2013 , ( PTI ) : 18:46 Istgoa is all set to become the first state to cover all people under the Aadhar card registry , chief minister Manohar Parrikar said here today .
The unique identity authority of India has been roped in to connect with mobile manufacturers to allow Aadhaar-Enabled banking transactions .
They can log on to the UIDAI website , enter their enrolment number and take a printout of the E-Aadhaar card which can be used for various schemes till the actual Aadhaar number arrives , said UIDAI deputy director-general Ashok Dalwai .
The whole process can be made paperless , said UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani at the workshop in Bandra aimed at the banking and telecom sectors .
Citing provisions under the Aadhaar act , 2016 , Shukla said no core biometric information , collected or created under the act , shall be shared with anyone for any reason whatsoever ; or used for any purpose other than generation of Aadhaar numbers and authentication under the act .
He also spoke about the special task force constituted by the union ministry of finance to directly link subsidies on LPG , kerosene and fertilizers with Aadhaar number holders .
We are going to make payment through Aadhar-Linked ( bank ) accounts in 46 districts , rural development minister Jairam Ramesh said .
On Nandan Nilekani contesting the Lok Sabha seat from Bangalore South constituency , Siddaramaiah said the UIDAI chairman has expressed his intentions to contest and he told him he would discuss the issue with the Congress high command .
Ahluwalia , who was the chief guest at the Aadhaar card issuing authority UIDAI 's function here this morning , told his audience during the course of his speech that he had lost his unique identification card .
There are people who are entitled to certain schemes but can not avail them due to lack of transparency in the system , said Ashok Dalwai , deputy director general , unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) .
Stating that good education is an indispensable first step towards creating more success stories like his , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said : .
Unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) , the nodal body responsible for rolling out the Aadhaar programme in the country , has also come out in favour of incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions , in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents , in a bid to promote Aadhaar-Based payment system in rural pockets .
However , keeping the drought in view , RAM has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to Aadhaar till April 30 .
Modi said through Aadhaar and cellphones , his government has launched Jan Dhan Yojana and opened 330 million new bank accounts in three years .
The judgement of the Supreme Court added balance to the concept of Aadhaar , Arunjaitley said .
