Say 'Yes to digital payment , no to cash ' : PM Modi in a fresh push towards digital payments , Prime Minister Modi on Thursday told businesses to shun cash and go digital to bring transparency and root out black money .
Digital payments are the future of financial transactions , Jaitley said at the Punjab National Bank app launching ceremony held here .
Asserting that India is moving towards Less-Cash and a digital economy , Modi asked MPs to spread awareness about it in a similar manner they do so about Evms and Voters-List during elections .
Modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of Bhim app , a digital payment application , by educating the masses about it and helping them download it , parliamentary affairs minister Ananth Kumar told reporters after the meeting .
A postal stamp released on the centenary functions of his birth anniversary also bore his full name as Dr Bhim RAM Ambedkar his signatures in the constituent assembly also had his full signatures , RAM said .
In November 2016 , post demon , Manoharparrikar had announced that GOA would be the first state in the country to go cashless and would achieve this by December 31 , 2016 .
Asking people to use the Bhim app , Modi said that youths can start earning by promoting its usage to others .
A shift to digital payments has huge benefits for the common man it has a transformative impact in terms of greater Formalisation of the economy and mainstreaming of financial savings into the banking system , Arunjaitley told parliament .
My governments aim is to realise that dream , Modi said while speaking at the prize distribution function of the month-long Digidhan contest launched in December for users of the digital transaction mode .
Prime Minister Modi ( source : PTI photo/file ) prime minister Modi ( source : PTI photo/file ) as part of his push for digital payments , Prime Minister Modi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments Bharat interface for money ( Bhim ) app for transactions .
Pointing at the ministers and MPs , Nitishkumar said : I am requesting leaders like Ali Anwar ( Raya Sabha MP ) and Bhim Singh ( rural works minister ) with folded hands that do not talk about any particular caste and do not try to bifurcate the community of the Ebcs .
In a bid to promote digital transactions , Modi said , for entrepreneurs dealing in such transaction , tax will be calculated at 6 per cent , not 8 .
In his address , Pranabmukherjee said that Demonetisation has resulted in the temporary slowdown of the economy but as more and more transactions become cashless , it will improve the transparency of the economy .
New Delhi : advocating for cashless transactions , the prime minister Modi has said that the large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money .
Addressing a gathering at fintech festival in Singapore , PM Modi said that digital payments are a gateway to a world of possibilities , adding that they increase the productivity of individuals and our economy .
Pti photo by Manvender Vashist expressing gratitude to the people , Modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment , Digidhan movement .
Today , Visa and MasterCard are losing market share in India to Indigenously developed payment system of UPI and Rupay card whose share has reached 65 per cent of the payments done through debit and credit cards , Arunjaitley said .
On B R Ambedkars birth anniversary on April 14 , Javadekar wrote , Prime Minister Modi had asked students to popularise the use of Bhim app and get rewarded in the process .
Union finance minister Arunjaitley told the BJP MPs that the Demonetisation would help India embrace digital economy .
This story is from October 21 , 2018New Delhi : in a veiled attack on the Nehru-Gandhi family , Prime Minister Modi said Sunday that to keep one family above the rest , efforts were made to forget the contributions leaders such as Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel , Bhim Rao Ambedkar and Subhash Chandra Bose made in the independence struggle .
By September 30 , 2018 , my government will go cashless , Manoharparrikar said while speaking at a seminar organised by Nabard ( National Bank for agriculture and rural development ) at a function here .
New Delhi : advocating cashless transactions , Prime Minister Modi on Friday said large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money .
This story is from October 21 , 2018New Delhi : in a veiled attack on the Nehru-Gandhi family , Prime Minister Narendramodi said Sunday that to keep one family above the rest , efforts were made to forget the contributions leaders such as Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel , Bhim Rao Ambedkar and Subhash Chandra Bose made in the independence struggle .
By September 30 my government will go cashless , Manoharparrikar said .
This will improve the functioning of toll plazas , digital payments , Das said .
Jaitley said that cash can be gradually substituted through digital Payments/Transactions .
Expressing gratitude to the people , Modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment , Digidhan movement .
Asserting that the budget reflects commitment to eliminate corruption and black money , Modi said it provides for a comprehensive package of digital economy which will reduce tax evasion and help control black money .
Read : budget 2017 : Arunjaitley says Bhim app now has 125 lakh Downloadsthe government has applied a differential duty structure to attract foreign handset and component makers to start actual manufacturing in India .
Modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of Bhim app , a digital payment application , by educating the masses about it and helping them download it .
New Delhi : asserting that hard cash in India would become obsolete in the near future , Union finance minister Arunjaitley on Monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people .
Taking a dig at critics of digital economy , Arunjaitley said this will provide adequate response to ill-informed criticism that digital space would only be occupied by credit card revolution .
But now , the government is forcing us to go cashless , said RAM , a vendor in Shivajinagar .
New Delhi , July 26 , 2015 , ( Ians ) 17:41 Istshocked over one fatality every four minutes in road accidents in India , Prime Minister Modi on Sunday said his government will soon implement a road safety policy and cashless treatment for accident victims .
Reiterating the need to move towards a cashless economy , Modi said once black money is eliminated from the system , it is essential to ensure that fresh black money is not generated .
Meghwal said that about 23.2 per cent of the economic activity is shadow economy and government 's push to cashless transactions will widen the tax bracket .
We must make the transactions cost-effective and strengthen cloud servers on the bank side , Andhra Pradesh chief minister Babu , who heads the panel , said after submitting an interim report on digital payments to Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Pm Modi said those opposing Evms are not only opposed to Evms , they have problems with technology , digital transactions , Aadhaar , GST , Bhim app .
Prasad said , the higher the linkages with the Aadhaar number , the more we have in terms of seamless digital transactions .
This will make digital payments easy even for those who can not read or write , thus realising Ambedkars vision of social and financial empowerment for all , Modi said .
Further explaining his stand against Demonetisation , the former union minister said , 80 per cent transactions in Germany and Austria is cash-based , in Australia it is 60 per cent , Canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent , and prime minister Modi says India will go 100 per cent cashless .
Assam has performed better than many states in the country in ushering in cashless transactions at tea gardens and other interior places of the state , Sonowal said .
It was in January this year , while speaking at the state credit seminar 2018-19 organised by the National Bank for agriculture and rural development ( Nabard ) , Manoharparrikar said the state government would go cashless by September 30 .
Quelling fears over security of digital transactions , Babu said that the SBI had left no stone unturned to ensure that the data of the users were not compromised .
New Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley on Tuesday said small traders and businesses will get a tax advantage of more than 30 per cent for digital transactions .
Expressing gratitude to the people , Modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment , 'Digidhan ' movement , PM said that it is a brave act against corruption and black money .
Taking a dig at the Congress , Modi said during the earlier United progressive alliance rule at the centre , money lost in the scams made news but now the nation is talking about money coming back into the Systemscoring a political point , he said a new Indigenously developed payment app 'Bhim ' has been named after the main architect of Indian Constitution , Bhim Rao Ambedkar .
By providing POS machines to traders , we will help farmers buy farm inputs without cash , Fadnavis said .
Asserting that India is moving towards a Less-Cash and a digital economy , Modi asked MPs to spread awareness about it just as they did about electronic voting machines .
In Kanpur , Modi said Demonetisation is a step to promote digital transactions to check black money .
Kanpur : Lucknow : announcing a bonanza to reward cashless transactions , Prime Minister Modi said that all those using e-payments since November 8 , especially the small spenders , will be offered an incentive of RS 1000 .
Even countries which are technologically far more advanced than India with comparatively much smaller size population do not have such a system in place , said Pranabmukherjee , while complimenting the government for promotion of digital transactions .
Congress party has always sought a vote in Baba Saheb 's name but did nothing for him , while our government has given him respect , Rajnathsingh said at the 'Bhim Vijay Sankalp ' rally in Nagpur .
In an interview to PTI , finance secretary Ashok Lavasa said over 1.7 lakh POS machines have already been installed at public distribution system ( PDS ) shops and more will be done in next few months .
Leading the crowd into chants of Jai Bhim as early as the fifth minute of his 58-Minute speech , PM Modi said , Bastar AUR Bijapur Ke Aasman Mein Babasaheb Ke Naam Ki Goonj Humein , AAP Sabhi Ko Dhanya Kar Rahi Hai .
Months before prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country , a low level government Karmachari in Jharkhands Latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley has said that the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
Pti Photoasserting that hard cash in India would become obsolete in the near future , Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people .
Seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions , Modi said for every person you introduce to the Bhim app , you will get a cash back of RS 10 .
In his monthly radio address to the nation 'Mann Ki Baat ' , Modi on the occasion of Christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of RS 1,000 each by a lucky draw .
By Ptithimphu : prime minister Modi on Sunday said the students in Bhutan have the power and potential to do extraordinary things , which will impact future generations , as he proposed extensive cooperation between the two countries in new areas such as space and digital payments .
Hyderabad : in the current situation , when Prime Minister Narendra Modi is urging every individual in the country to go cashless and opt the digital path , the role of software industry becomes all the more important and relevant , it minister KT RAM said .
Months before prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country , a low level government Karmachari in Jharkhands Latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction .
Demonetisation to push digital economy , says Nilekaninew Delhi , Nov 28 , 2016 , PTI : 22:21 Istdemonetisation would see a massive activation of digitisation of financial services in the country , although there will be some amount of short term pain in the coming weeks , former UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said today .
As part of his push for digital payments , Modi asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments Bharat interface for money ( Bhim ) app for transactions .
Paying tribute to Baba Saheb Bhim Rao Amdedkar on his 125th birth anniversary , Modi said the architect of India 's constitution is also the architect of the country 's water and river navigation policy .
Prime Minister Narendramodi ( source : PTI photo/file ) prime minister Narendramodi ( source : PTI photo/file ) as part of his push for digital payments , Prime Minister Narendramodi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments Bharat interface for money ( Bhim ) app for transactions .
Referring to Bhim mobile application launched by the Bjp-Led NDA on the birth anniversary of Ambedkar on April 14 , 2017 , Modi said the application was one of the biggest tributes to Babasaheb , who was a great economist .
Asking the people to prefer digital transactions instead of cash transactions , Modi told the shopkeepers : you already have a board outside your shops that reads : Aaj Nagad , Kal Udhar .
All the 125 crore people of the country have equal value and importance , Modi said in his monthly radio programme Mann Ki Baat in which he also pushed for more digital transactions , informed about the launch of South Asia satellite on May 5 and spoke about some other issues .
When Modi asked the country to try out digital payments following the governments Demonetisation move , Kumar took on the cudgels to make Palnar cashless .
Expressing gratitude to the people , Modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment , 'Digidhan ' movement .
Union finance minister Arunjaitley has said that the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
Paytm welcomed the governments Demonetization decision on November 9 , hours after Modi announced the recall of two high-value notes , issuing an advertisement which had the prime ministers photograph on it .
When poor farmers of villages have started adopting digital payment , now they ( middlemen ) have started spreading new rumours , Modi said .
During the interaction , Modi asked both railways and Department of posts to focus on increasing digital transactions across their networks , especially using the Bhim app .
Further explaining his stand against Demonetisation , the former union minister said , 80 per cent transactions in Germany and Austria is cash-based , in Australia it is 60 per cent , Canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent , and prime minister Narendramodi says India will go 100 per cent cashless .
( source : PTI ) Bihar chief minister Nitishkumar on Friday said the centres advocacy of cashless economy is possible only when there is a bank branch in every Panchayat and space will be provided to start new banks in Panchayat Bhawans in the state .
| Reutersnew Delhi : India will offer tax incentives to small businesses engaged in cashless transactions , finance minister Arunjaitley told reporters on Tuesday , as part of the government 's fight against the cash economy .
The government will take many more innovative steps to make Assam the first state to achieve the target of 100 per cent cashless and digital transactions , Sonowal said .
Modi asked the beneficiaries to press traders and shopkeepers to install 'Bhim ' app to facilitate paying for goods and services digitally .
Pay or get beaten UPI was threatened to be beaten by a few goons for insisting that I get the house allotted to me , said RAM , a septuagenarian .
Addressing a function on the occasion of 120Th birth anniversary of Bhim Rao Ambedkar , Nitishkumar also announced a hike in the allowance of Vikas Mitras ( development friends ) from RS 3,500 to RS 4,000 per month besides a bicycle to each of them .
On other measures to boost digital transactions , Mr. Das said the telecom regulator TRAI has decided to reduce the USSD ( unstructured supplementary service data ) charges from the current RS . 1.50 per session to 50 Paise per session for transactions relating to banking and payments .
We seek active participation of Spanish industry in various Indian projects including infrastructure , smart cities , digital economy , renewable energy , defence and tourism , Modi had said ahead of his visit .
To further bolster the cashless transactions , Arunjaitley said that Sidbi will refinance merchants and businesses based on transaction history .
Meghwal said that after the Demonetisation move , the digital transactions at petrol pumps have shown a remarkable increase .
B'For promoting digital transactions there is a need to popularise Rupay card among people , Bihar cm Nitishkumar said .
Das further said all government offices have been asked to use only digital payment methods for making payments to stakeholders , contractors and employees .
Modi said that day was not far when reputed universities of the world will come to India to conduct case studies on the Bhim-Aadhaar app .
Assam chief minister Sarbanandasonowal , who attended the just concluded fair , said people have a lot to learn from these practices of the Tiwas which exemplify the cashless tenets of the modern day society .
Dho Dr RAM said that the Endosulfan victims are provided cashless treatment at the Super-Speciality hospitals in the district .
Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis has asked district collectors to set up camps to educate the public about the benefits of cashless economy and train them in using this mode of transaction .
New Delhi : asserting that hard cash in India would become obsolete in the near future , Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people .
Seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions , Modi said for every person introduced to the Bhim app , one will get a Cashback of RS 10 .
Pm Modi also asked the youth to download Bhim app for making digital payments .
Modi and his minions claimed Demonetisation will end black money , finish corruption , terminate terrorism , and bring only digital transactions .
The new generation believes in digital payments , Modi said in his monthly radio programme Mann Ki Baat .
The beneficiaries would be able to get cash through banks , ATMs and even mobile banking when the projects take off .
In the 26th edition of Mann Ki Baat programme , Prime Minister Modi said , I know cashless economy is different .
Digital payments are the future of financial transactions , Arunjaitley said at the Punjab National Bank app launching ceremony held here .
As the centre is keen to strengthen the digital payment infrastructure and grievance handling mechanisms , Arunjaitley said the focus would be on rural and Semi-Urban areas through post offices , fair price shops and banking correspondents .
Pitching the use of Bhim app to make digital transactions , Modi once again , asked the people to teach others how to use the app .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless , had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0 .
The governments intention is also to increase digital transaction and ensure that more and more people migrate to digital money , said Das .
While addressing a function to commemorate the 126Th birth anniversary of Baba Saheb Bhim Rao Ambedkar on April 14 , Nitishkumar had said : one should not go on the path of dowry .
Sonowal said cashless payments have the potential to root out corruption from the system and urged the citizens to adopt cashless transactions as a way of life .
Now he has become a millionaire 'Paytm-Wala ' ( one who endorses e-wallets like Paytm ) , Mamatabanerjee said addressing a public meeting in West Bengal 's Bankura district .
Modi asked the beneficiaries to press traders and shopkeepers to install Bhim app to facilitate paying for goods and services digitally .
Hitting out hard at the centre , Gandhi said first the government offered sops to push people to use debit/credit cards and when the people started using more of cashless means , now lack of coordination with banks and their policies is forcing petrol pump owners to adopt these drastic steps .
With the BJP focusing on boosting his image as a Pro-Poor PM , Modi also asked the MPs to promote and market Bhim , the governments digital payment application .
Coming back to Demonetisation , Modi said that cashless would take India step-by-step , slowly in the direction of a clean economy .
The drive for digital payment channels and financial inclusion will ensure direct benefit transfers to Indians and will bring them in formal financial system , Naidu said .
Saying that he was ridiculed when he first pitched for digital payments , Modi said the experiences narrated by the beneficiaries were a befitting reply to such naysayers .
Increasingly with UPI coming in and wallet companies becoming payments banks , their coming on to the UPI platform will make them interoperable , said Nilekani .
Read | PM Modi launches three Indian digital payment apps in Singaporeadvocating Indias open stand on international trade regime , PM Modi said India stands for a stable environment in the Indo-Pacific region .
In a bid to promote Aadhaar-Based payment system , especially in rural pockets , UIDAI has favoured incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions , in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents .
On the Demonetisation drive , Arunjaitley said that the governments bid to go cashless meant less cash and not no cash , as reported by the opposition parties and a section of the media .
( representational image ) the drive for digital payment channels and financial inclusion will ensure direct benefit transfers to Indians and will bring them in formal financial system , Naidu said .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitely told the BJP MPs that the Demonetisation would help India embrace digital economy .
We are confident to achieve 12 billion transactions by the end of this financial year , Deepak , senior vice-president of Paytm , said .
Referring to LPG subsidy , Modi said India has the biggest online transfer process in the world .
Ridiculing the idea of cashless economy , RAM said nowhere in the world has such kind of economy been fully implemented .
Gujarat chief minister Vijayrupani ( source : PTI , file ) Gujarat chief minister Vijayrupani ( source : PTI , file ) Gujarat chief minister Vijayrupani on Sunday said cashless India , digital India and clean India are the projects very dear to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Vadodara is taking steps in that direction .
There will be no charge on use of debit Cardsthe move will help in greater penetration of digital transactions into our economy and hope that more and more people will move to digital transactions , said Das .
Cashless Economyon the governments move to push for a digital , cashless economy , RAM said across the world people are moving towards cash and its the opposite in India .
It is the same as encouraging cashless initiatives without creating infrastructure Post-Demonetisation and recalling old notes without calibrating ATMs , said Jamshedpur petroleum dealers association general secretary Rajivkumar and owner of an HP fuel outlet in Sakchi .
During an election rally in Varanasi on Thursday , Arunjaitley said that banks have been asked to procure more point of sale machines and make it available to traders in order to facilitate digital payments .
Emphasising that the move destroyed the economy , lives and livelihoods , CPI ( M ) general secretary Sitaram Yechury said : Modi and his minions claimed Demonetisation will end black money , finish corruption , terminate terrorism , and bring only digital transactions .
Pointing out that India is witnessing historic transformations in a wide range of sectors , Prime Minister Modi said India is keen to cooperate extensively in new frontiers , from schools to space , digital payments to disaster management .
We must make the transactions cost-effective and strengthen cloud servers on the bank side , Andhra Pradesh chief minister Naidu , who heads the panel , said after submitting an interim report on digital payments to Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Speaking on the development , IPL chairman Shukla Shukla said : Paytm are presently the title sponsors of India cricket and the relationship has now been extended to the IPL .
Watch video | find out what PM Narendra Modi told cabinet over Demonetisation Decisionannouncing these measures , finance minister Arunjaitley said there has been a movement towards digital transactions from cash transactions since the government announced its decision to cancel the old notes .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley has said the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
This will improve the functioning of toll plaza , digital payments , Das said .
Saying that he supports digital payment , Chidambaram also said that high value transitions should be digital but we should not force grocer to accept card payment .
New Delhi , July 26 , 2015 , ( Ians ) 17:41 Istshocked over one fatality every four minutes in road accidents in India , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Sunday said his government will soon implement a road safety policy and cashless treatment for accident victims .
Modi said the country had over the past few months witnessed an atmosphere in which people had in large numbers participated in the Digidhan movement for digital payments .
New Delhi : prime minister Modi on Sunday announced lucky draw schemes for people who use digital payment methods including e-banking , mobile banking and e-wallets .
When American President Barack Obama fought his first election ( 2008 ) , he had taken only small donations through digital payments , Arunjaitley said .
After prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless , had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0 .
Pushing for digital economy , Modi asked the youngsters at the rally to download the Bhim app and contribute to a cashless economy .
This will make digital payments easy even for those who can not read or write , thus realizing Ambedkar 's vision of social and financial empowerment for all , said Modi .
Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath at Gorakhpurs Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath at Gorakhpursthe Uttar Pradesh government will award contracts through E-Tendering to remove Mafia and criminal elements , chief minister Yogiadityanath said today as he pitched for digital payments to eliminate corruption .
We are aiming to reach merchants in smallest of towns across India such as Ajmer , Bekgaon , Kurnool , Rohtak , and Latur , Paytm senior vice president Deepak said .
On B R Ambedkars birth anniversary on April 14 , Javadekar wrote , Prime Minister Narendramodi had asked students to popularise the use of Bhim app and get rewarded in the process .
Reiterating his pitch for a cashless economy , Modi said , we also have a historic opportunity to embrace increased cashless payments and integrate latest technology in economic transactions .
( PTI ) Mumbai : prime minister Modi who paid floral tributes to Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar on the occasion of his birth anniversary at Deekshabhoomi in Nagpur , said the Bhim Aadhaar is the strongest foundation of a new economy and a new India that Dr Ambedkar had envisaged .
If the cashless economy is a chariot , the Bhim app is the Charioteer .
Modi said the Bhim app is unstoppable .
When asked if the government has any plans to push digital payments for funding of political parties , Arunjaitley said : can I tell you this would inevitably will be a future course .
Even countries which are technologically far more advanced than India with comparatively much smaller size population do not have such a system in place , said Mukherjee , while complimenting the government for promotion of digital transactions .
We want this process to be cashless , said RAM , joint commissioner of police , ( traffic ) .
For promoting digital transactions there is a need to popularise Rupay card among people , Bihar cm Nitishkumar said .
Modi said those opposing Evms are not only opposed to Evms , they have problems with technology , digital transactions , Aadhaar , GST , Bhim app .
Stressing that Rupay was bringing a revolutionary change in digital payments , Modi said the card was also being used abroad and narrated how he used it to buy some items on his visit to Singapore .
Modi said that global universities would come to do research on results of the digital transaction programme .
Hospitals should get cashless transaction system , says Parrikarmangaluru , DEC 26 , 2016 , Dhns : 23:36 Istdefence minister Manoharparrikar said that a cashless system should be introduced in all government and private hospitals across the country .
He expressed hope that the government would increase the number of Micro-Atms in the country to one million from the current 130,000 , and said cashless transactions will completely remove bureaucracy from the country .
Let us accept the challenge , plan accordingly and make a cashless economy possible , Mr. Fadnavis said while addressing an Urgently-Convened meeting of the state level bankers committee ( Slbc ) in Mumbai .
In the next 100 days , Lakhs of families are going to receive crores of rupees as gift , but you will be entitled to this gift only if you make use of mobile banking , e-banking , Rupay card , UPI ( unified payment interface ) , USSD ( unstructured supplementary service data ) for digital payments , Modi said .
Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday asked bankers to help realise prime minister Narendra Modis appeal for a cashless economy .
Digital Pushpushing for digital transactions , Modi said , everyone has right to use his or her money and no one stops them .
The new encryption adds another security layer to the hardware at a time when such devices are all set to take the centre stage in biometric-based digital payments .
Which is great for cashless economy , the PM said today in Nagpur , even as he mimicked Millennial users often portrayed with their heads downward flicking their fingers over their smartphones .
Digital payments will help fight corruption and proliferation of black money , said PM Modi .
After prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 , the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy .
There will also be a Aadharpay , which will be useful for people who do not have debit and credit cards , and net banking facility , Arunjaitley said .
December 25 , 2016In this year 's last radio address to the nation 'Mann Ki Baat ' , Modi on the occasion of Christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of RS 1,000 each by a lucky draw .
While emphasising that the Bhim app is impacting several lives across the nation , PM Modi said that the Digidhan movement is a Safai Abhiyaan aimed at fighting the menace of corruption .
As more and more transactions become cashless , it will improve the transparency of the economy , Pranabmukherjee said .
The unique identity authority of India has been roped in to connect with mobile manufacturers to allow Aadhaar-Enabled banking transactions .
Taking on the opposition and accusing it of misguiding people over cashless transactions , Modi said that while on one hand they claimed that Rajiv brought about the telecom revolution , on the other they contradict themselves by saying that their countrymen dont have means for cashless transactions .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 , the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy .
Also read | choose 'Jai Bhim ' followers over those chanting 'Namo ' this election : Mayawatidubbing the alliance as 'Mahamilavati ( highly adulterated ) opportunists ' , Modi said in Kannauj that he does n't believe in politics of caste .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley ( file photo ) finance minister Arunjaitley ( file photo ) finance minister Arunjaitley on Thursday said excessive use of paper currency is detrimental to society and hoped banking transaction charges will fall with the entry of new players .
Unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) , the nodal body responsible for rolling out the Aadhaar programme in the country , has also come out in favour of incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions , in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents , in a bid to promote Aadhaar-Based payment system in rural pockets .
Read : GST will reflect spirit of one nation , one aspiration : top 10 points from PM Modis Niti Aayog Meethere are the Highlights:6:22 PM : use of technologies such as Bhim , Aadhaar would result in significant savings for states , says PM Modi6:18 PM : States should use govt e-marketplace to reduce corruption , increase transparency in govt procurement : PM Modi6:10 PM : PM Modi asks States , local govts , NGOs to decide goals for 2022 and work in mission mode to achieve them .
