My government will come out with a comprehensive national energy policy and focus on the development of energy related infrastructure , human resources and technology , president Pranabmukherjee said in his address to the joint sitting of parliament today which outlined the vision of the newly elected government .
Congress MP Shashitharoor said the state government and other agencies could use the expertise of organizations like Credai for such initiatives , adding that there was a need to explore sustainable building ideas , innovations and new technology .
As many as 73,000 villages will be brought into banking network with the help of technology by March 31 , Pranabmukherjee said , adding actions are being taken .
By Ptiberne : from Berne to Bengaluru , and from research labs to manufacturing floors , India and Switzerland have immense scope to collaborate with Switzerland in various sectors , especially in science and technology , president RAM said on Thursday .
In a communication to the Congress , BarackObama said Cuba has not provided any support for international terrorism during the preceding 6-month period .
Reminiscing his efforts to bring the e-governance in the United Andhra Pradesh , Naidu said that unless there was new thinking , planning and execution , there would not be any progress in any sector .
I have some communication with the common people and I get clear signal about that ( Modis projection ) , Manoharparrikar said .
Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Babu , who has decided to camp in Visakhapatnam to oversee the relief operations , said in Rajahmundry that the government 's priority is to restore access to affected villages , establish communication networks and take care of those provided shelter .
Technological progress without an equivalent progress in human institutions can doom us , BarackObama said , adding that such technology requires a moral revolution as well .
Chetana is an initiative to empower the girl child with technology , exposure and mentoring , said RAM , after inaugurating Karnatakas flagship event on it and electronics Bengaluruite .
Das said it had been decided to constitute technology teams to hasten the pace of recalibrating the ATMs for the new High-Denomination notes .
Prof V s RAM , former secretary , Department of science & technology ( DST ) and former director of Nias , said , innovation in social sciences and economics are critical in order to take the innovations in science and technology to the common man .
Complimenting Arianespace for the textbook launch , ISRO chairman a s Kirankumar said , GSAT 18 is an important satellite for us that will enable the continuity of the vital communication services in our country by replacing the currently ageing satellites .
Explaining that there was expectation that Modi will announce some steps to put the economy back on track , Congresss communication department head Randeep Surjewala said , his reply in parliament proved to be much ado about nothing .
Kolkata , Apr 1 , 2O17 ( PTI ) 23:37 Istprime minister Modi today said pitched for enhanced use of information technology to solve day-to-day problems facing the society and urged budding innovators to come out with solutions .
24 ( PTI ) : home minister Rajnathsingh said on Tuesday that the government is considering building 50 more Indo Tibetan border police posts along the India-China border and using technology to ensure a Round-The-Year temperature of 20 degrees Celsius in all its high-altitude bases .
Parliamentary secretary Parmeswar RAM said the present day world was dependent on information technology but the people of BTC were lagging behind in this sector .
Dr RAM of the Chandigarh-based Institute of development and communication said Punjab needed a paradigm shift .
Coining a new equation , Modi said Indian talent plus information technology is equal to India tomorrow .
Prime Minister Modi announced several Indian initiatives in the area of nuclear security and Non-Proliferation , including countering nuclear smuggling and use of technology to prevent nuclear terrorism .
Two years ago , India made a promise - a promise to extend advanced space technology for the cause of growth and prosperity of our brothers and sisters in South Asia , Modi told the leaders of the other participating nations in a televised video-conference , also attended from Sriharikota by scientists from the Indian space research organisation ( ISRO ) .
Union textile minister Smritiirani said her ministry had so far facilitated employment to over 20,000 Jharkhand youths in the textile sector , and added that the foundation stone of National Institute of fashion technology would be laid in the state within a month .
In a way it is no secret at all the reality is that technology was used extensively in my conversation with bear Grylls , Modi said .
Singh also referred to the government 's plan to implement national e-governance scheme and providing Aadhar numbers .
Talking about social media , Prime Minister Modi said , the example of breaking , addition , and twisting of technology is being seen in the form of social media .
Teaotia said the commerce ministry is focusing on facilitating technology Upgradation for boosting exports by bridging the gap between the leading R & D laboratories in the country and the industry and identifying specific products through which value addition can take place '' .
Ut special secretary information technology SB Deepak said that the existing policy provided companies to avail space at the centre at low rents , which was not the motive of starting the EDC .
Our government wants to use new technology in a big way to curb dishonesty and bring transparency in governance .
Why shouldnt we make use of this technology if it helps us catch tax evaders , Arunjaitley asked during his reply to the debate on finance bill , which was passed in the evening .
Highlighting the advantages Karnataka has , chief minister RAM said the state has a unique and powerful combination of engaged citizens , Hi-Technology and outstanding talent supported by a well-oiled governance machinery .
Watch video | Delhi deputy cm Manish Sisodia under CBI scanner : find out what Happenedlt governor returned Netaji Subhash Institute of technology bill , asking for its reconsideration , assembly speaker RAM told the House today during the ongoing winter session .
Speaking after offering floral tribute to the portrait of Kalam , District-In-Charge minister RAM said Kalam was a great visionary who had contributed to the development of science and technology in the country .
Our special Correspondentpatna : deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi on Friday announced that the Labour resource , and information technology departments had been directed to assess the employment requirement in the coming 10 years so that youths could attain skills accordingly to get employment .
Watch video : whats making Newswe discussed a lot of topics like investment , technology , culture and social media , Mamatabanerjee said after the meeting .
The technology has undergone a drastic transformation in the last 20 years , Modi said adding the aspirations of the youths have to be kept in mind in this era .
New Delhi : Microsoft CEO satyanadella on Wednesday announced the integration of Skype and Aadhaar to launch the Skype Lite for low speed mobile Internet connections , which will be supported by Aadhaar and will enable technology that can empower people and organisations .
Riding without helmet tops the Listof violations Bookedk RAM of Janaagraha said , we from Janaagraha are happy to work with the Bengaluru RAM police for the public eye app , and it is a success story in the civic tech sphere on how the government and non-profits could work together , use technology and bring services closer to the people .
Citing the example of us and France , president Pranabmukherjee said that the personal communications of the leaders were freely made available for everyone .
Today , we misuse technology and kill girls in the womb of the mother , Modi said , adding that the damage being done through generations would take another two to three generations to be rectified .
Stating that Indias partnership with UK in industrial research has been one of the most exciting programmes , Modi said the global innovation & technology alliance or Gita platform of CII and Department of science and technology along with Innovate-Uk supports industry led R & D projects in affordable healthcare , clean technology , manufacturing and information and communications and technology ( ICT ) .
We are not able to reveal any such communication at this stage and the investigation is still on , read said .
Modi said he assured Wickremesinghe of India 's continuing commitment to its development partnership - in infrastructure , railways , energy , community development projects , agriculture , capacity building , science and technology , space and civil nuclear field .
New technology to make tax payments easier : Pranablast updated : 15 July , 2011New Delhi , July 15 ( Ians ) 19:24 Istthe income tax department is upgrading its technology and introducing new ones with focus on electronic filing aimed at making tax payments easier , finance minister Pranabmukherjee said Friday .
This the era of artificial intelligence Andcannot lag behind , Modi said as he appreciated Yuva Morcha workers for increasing the importance of technology within the organisation .
Addressing the 18th National Conference on e-governance through Twitter , Modi said : I urge you to explore ways to provide as many services as possible through mobiles .
According to Kumar , Modi said youngsters depend on mobile phones more than on newspapers and TV channels to get information and stressed on the need to use this medium of communication to tap them .
Arguing the state 's case further , Amarindersingh said with the establishment of tissue culture and Aeroponic technology at the centre of excellence for potato , at Dhogri in Jalandhar , the whole seed potato producing area in the state shall come under certified seed potato in the coming 4-5 years .
New Delhi : while maintaining that technology has a major role to bring in transparency to curb corruption , the prime minister Modi said that if we use technology for the purpose of governance , we would be able to provide basic necessities to common man efficiently .
A graduate of the Indian Institute of mass communication ( Iimc ) , Delhi , Deepak said he worked first as a freelancer contributing to Jansatta and Sanskar .
As part of the operation clean money launched on January 31 , 2017 , Arunjaitley said the I-T department would leverage technology and data analysis for E-Verification of cash deposits made during the Demonetisation period .
Highlighting the advantages Karnataka has , chief minister Siddaramaiah said the state has a unique and powerful combination of engaged citizens , Hi-Technology and outstanding talent supported by a well-oiled governance machinery .
Fencing would be done wherever it 's possible and in case it 's not , technology would be brought into application , Rajnathsingh said while attending the Passing-Out parade of the border security force in Tekanpur , Gwalior , in Madhya Pradesh .
During the address , PM Modi said that there is a need to use technology more and innovate more .
We also want to increase cooperation in science and technology , mining among other sectors , Modi said in a statement issued shortly before his departure from New Delhi .
Stating that the museum has been planted in a best possible place of the theatre , D Radhakrishnan , honorary secretary of assembly rooms , said , the museum is nothing but a gathered history of technology of old cinema .
So , there is no question of police harassing them we have received a communication from the Nepal government , which states that their certificate for climbing the Mount Everest has been cancelled , and they have been banned for 10 years from undertaking a mountaineering expedition in Nepal , said Shukla .
The department has focused on e-governance initiatives to meet the challenges of the rapidly changing economic environment and the expectations of the growing numbers of taxpayers , Pranabmukherjee said in his address at the concluding ceremony here of the year-long celebrations commemorating 150 years of the income tax department .
The commissioning of the facility also symbolises the countrys capability in establishing such world-class facilities wherein technology from outside is restricted or not available , Kirankumar said .
What leadership agrees on , governments should implement : BarackObama ahead of Visitnew Delhi , Jan 23 , 2015 ( Ians ) 20:08 Istthe us and India can work through any differences through good communication and coordination and by making sure that words are matched by deeds , US president BarackObama has said as an India-US nuclear contact group is engaged in hectic negotiations to iron out contentious issues over implementing the civil nuclear deal .
This will be done through Jan Bhagidari : PM Modi10:12 PM : PM Modi asserts the true essence of democracy is Jan Bhagidari ( peoples participation ) 10:08 PM : insisting that we live in a technology driven era , PM Modi said there is a need to use technology more and innovate more .
Chief minister Prithvirajchavan on Friday said the state should be driven by information technology ( it ) to help it fuel a high growth rate .
B'Describing Internet as a gamechanger , Gujarat chief minister Modi today said politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance , accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people .
Vasco : chief minister Manoharparrikar on Friday said that the union government can look at Italy , Russia and South Korea for transfer for technology ( tot ) to build 12 mine counter measure vessels ( Mcmv ) for the Indian Navy at the GOA shipyard Ltd ( Gsl ) .
Apple Inc is putting a lot of energy in India with an aim to launch all its initiatives , including retail , in the country where it has an extremely low overall market share , the technology giant 's CEO TimCook has said .
( express photo ) power minister Piyushgoyal on Thursday said his ministry is experimenting with a technology , Brown- out , which can provide some power backup to households in the event of a grid failure leading to blackouts .
In a series of tweets , Vijaymallya said the prime minister advocates about the use of technology while the enforcement agencies dont take his words seriously and refuse to use technology .
In a written communication to Gupta on February 6 , Anilbaijal said he has sent the complaint of alleged corruption to Kuttty for appropriate action and a report has been sought .
Modi said this time , the scheme has got wide acceptability because it has been made quite extensive and easy and involves use of technology .
Answering a query of a student about what happened , Modi said , the communication was lost with Vikram lander .
Dr RAM , director , Institute for development and communication ( IDC ) , said there was a close fight between the Congress and the Sad-Bjp combine with the former facing Anti-Incumbency of two years in power .
Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of an industry exhibition on technology and material sciences in Navi Mumbai , Manoharparrikar said during the past 23 months that I have been in charge , we have signed contracts worth RS 2 .
Prime Minister Narendramodi announced several Indian initiatives in the area of nuclear security and Non-Proliferation , including countering nuclear smuggling and use of technology to prevent nuclear terrorism .
They ( AAP leaders ) said they would get back , but then there has been no communication from their end , which makes it clear that AAP is not keen on further talks , RAM told toi .
Modi said that at a time when major powers are reducing their troop strength and relying more on technology , India is still constantly seeking to expand the size of its forces .
On the role of customs and the entire tax department , Arunjaitley said it has been evolving with changing nature of economy and with increased tools of technology now being available .
Encouraging team spirit , ensuring transparency and effectively using technology to provide last mile delivery of services to people shall be the focus of our administration , Naveenpatnaik said and added that he will review the performance of the collectors regarding improvement in public service delivery through the use of 3TS on a regular basis .
However , Malkangiri sp Mitrabhanu RAM said though the Maoists claim to be fighting for the welfare of poor Tribals , they forcibly took the villagers for the meeting and also took away the boats which were the only source of communication for the Tribals in the cut-off areas .
Calling on party workers to use technology to spread their message , PM Modi said that in current age of social media if they are not active , then they would cede the space to anti-national and anti-social elements .
In his speech , Modi said : media will now dig out what I have said earlier , what Sharadrao has said Earlierbut this is the beauty of democracy , where there is Vivad ( debate ) and Samvad ( communication ) .
Modi said he and Lofven would also interact with top business leaders of both countries and chart out a future roadmap of cooperation in sectors such as trade and investment , science and technology , clean energy and smart cities .
New Delhi : Vodafone India and idea cellular will have to follow all the norms prescribed by the government and should not expect any dilution in the rules , communications minister Manojsinha said on Thursday .
Also read | decoding mission Shakti : a peek into the technology that made India a space Powerprime minister Modi had on Wednesday announced that India successfully test-fired an Anti-Satellite missile by shooting down a live satellite , describing it as a rare achievement that puts the country in an exclusive club of space super powers .
Ndmc chairperson RAM said the portal would be divided into various sections such as best practises adopted in the field of E-Mobility , education , energy saving , e-governance and physical social health .
Narendra Modi said the need of the hour was to adopt modern technology in increasing the land under cultivation to reverse the scenario of decline in Agri growth .
Noting that they reviewed the full range of bilateral relationship , Modi said the two sides will encourage industry and business in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare , tourism , information technology , agriculture , blue economy and energy .
4 crore , making Karnataka the leading state for its e-governance initiatives , chief minister RAM said at an event here on Monday .
Addressing the convention organised by the Bharatiya Janata party at the Angadi Institute of technology and management , Modi said farmers who are not able to cultivate lands due to dry spells during the sowing season would also get insurance cover .
Under the new schemes relating to e-governance for 2017-18 , every district will be brought under the scope of service of process by establishing 'Karnataka one ' centres in more than 18 district centres , RAM said .
Argentina , Modi said , has strongly backed India 's entry into the nuclear suppliers group , the missile technology control regime ( Mtcr ) , Australia group , and Wassenaar arrangement .
Modi said India takes pride in using remote sensing and space technology for multiple applications , including land restoration and it would be happy to help other friendly countries develop land restoration strategies through cost effective satellite technology .
Reiterating his pitch for a cashless economy , Modi said , we also have a historic opportunity to embrace increased cashless payments and integrate latest technology in economic transactions .
We also share the vision of peace and security in the Indian Ocean region , Modi said on the need to ensure safety and security of Sea-Lanes of communications , safety and freedom of navigation in the shipping lanes and trade routes .
As part of his plans for Indias resurgence , Modi said removal of corruption and good governance were his mantras that could turn the nation around and said technology can help eradicate corruption .
For highly specialised technology and labour , we will bring in outside consultants for the purpose , but we will deliver the vessels to the Indian Navys satisfaction and also on time , Admiral Babu said .
( the Canadian press via AP ) prime minister Modi has announced several key initiatives taken by his government in the area of nuclear security and Non-Proliferation , including countering nuclear smuggling and deployment of technology to deter nuclear terrorism .
( source : express photo by Oinam Anand ) technology , Pranabmukherjee said , has opened the floodgates to the deluge of one-way unfiltered communication by the privileged to those who are less so .
Jayalalithaa said that the courts direction was sought after her governments communication to Karnataka seeking release of its share of water from Cauvery and to centre urging its intervention did not yield any results .
But banks are also hiring experts to develop firewalls around their system to make it increasingly difficult to breach it , Arunjaitley said , adding that technology has to keep pace with crime .
Attacking the previous upa government at the centre for delaying technology upgrades in the textile industry , Smritiirani said , in last three years of upa government , 40 schemes were launched , out of which 20 were suspended without spending a single penny .
Council chairman D H RAM said there had been no formal communication to him from the opposition members regarding their decision to boycott the house proceedings .
Ut special secretary information technology SB Deepakkumar said that the existing policy provided companies to avail space at the centre at low rents , which was not the motive of starting the EDC .
The campaign 'Gram Uday se Bharat Uday Abhiyan ' ( village self governance campaign ) has been inspired by Amdedkar , who was farsighted and a Votary of social harmony and modern technology , Modi said .
Addressing a meeting last year , Prime Minister Modi asked the Drdo to bring in fresh blood and give leadership positions to new talents in an effort to spur innovation and technology development .
The new schemes based on new technology will bring transparency into the services , Nitishkumar said .
I also had a knack for acquiring the latest gadgets , but since then he ( Narendra Modi ) appears to have learnt much more than me on use of technology to reach out to the people , Bihars Modi said .
Describing Internet as a gamechanger , Gujarat chief minister Narendramodi said Thursday politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance , accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people .
Meanwhile , municipal commissioner Dineshwaghmare said , e-governance is atop of civic Bodys Agendawe will certainly be going digital , but in a phased manner .
It is proposed to develop 10 prominent tourist sites into iconic tourism destinations by following a holistic approach involving infrastructure and skill development , development of technology , attracting private investment , branding and marketing , finance minister Arunjaitley said in his budget speech .
Addressing a gathering after delivering a lecture on space technology and societal applications , a s Kirankumar , chairman , ISRO , said on Monday that ISRO is working on designing Reuseable satellite launch vehicles in an effort to cut down cost .
Chetana is an initiative to empower the girl child with technology , exposure and mentoring , said Siddaramaiah , after inaugurating Karnatakas flagship event on it and electronics Bengaluruite .
Asked about the possibility of India-Saudi Arabia cooperation in the area of counter-terrorism and in ensuring safety and security of Sea-Lanes of communications and freedom of navigation , Modi said bilateral cooperation in areas of counter-terrorism , security and defence has intensified over the years .
( file photo ) vice president Hamidansari today said that radio programme Mann Ki Baat is an ingenious and influential communication platform created by Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Some of the specific areas of priority would be Hydrography , communication networks , anti-piracy , capacity building , exchanges and defence medical cooperation , said Modi .
Tiwari said in the letter that Maharashtra had started working on core issues raised in Ncf report related to the areas of land , water , Bio-Resources , credit and insurance , technology and knowledge management , and markets aggressively .
One of the key objectives should be to work towards technology penetration for instance , electricity and mobile phone reach in the tribal areas , Modi said .
Modi had said in Shillong that the government was committed to improving communication and development .
A large number of nationally acclaimed institutions have come forward to take research in technology to the next level , Arunjaitley said .
Lets assume there is no Aadhaar but some information that is contained in some network gets hacked or gets leaked , that is because of the technology used there , Jaitley said .
Mayor Jain said that the implementation of the e-governance project is very important .
Expressing happiness over the broad range of outcomes , Modi said , we can look forward with confidence to increased investment , trade and technology partnerships in manufacturing , infrastructure and skill development .
Asked about defence trade and technology initiative ( Dtti ) with the US , Manoharparrikar said it is already there .
Panaji , Aug 30 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 12:20 Istunion defence minister Manoharparrikar has said the Drdo 's transfer of technology deal with yoga guru Ramdev 's trust will fetch RS 50 crore revenue for the people of Leh region .
Technology is defining competitiveness and power in the new world and it is creating boundless opportunities to transform lives , Modi said as he began his two-day visit to the country .
They have invited me to have a look at the technology and actual process used for generating power out of waste , so that it may be replicated in Karnataka , RAM said .
Speaking to toi , ISRO chairman Kirankumar said , we will launch three communication satellites .
Addressing a press conference in Amaravati , Naidu said that he has directed union civil aviation minister P Ashok Gajapati Raju and Y Satyanarayana Chowdary , minister of state for science and technology and earth sciences , to resign from the union cabinet .
Modi said the use of technology would save time and ensure that lawyers make sharp arguments in court that would help judges in taking decisions faster .
Kolkata , Apr 1 , 2O17 ( PTI ) 23:37 Istprime minister Narendramodi today said pitched for enhanced use of information technology to solve day-to-day problems facing the society and urged budding innovators to come out with solutions .
The government has also constituted a special Taskforce to keep a watch on the infusion of fake currency in vulnerable areas , Mr. Das said , adding that a technology team has also been formed to popularise the use of e-wallets and also to ensure that ATM recalibration progresses apace .
'Use space technology for social Good'September 26 , 2015 , Bengaluru , Dhns 1:47 Istindian space research organisation ( ISRO ) chairman a s Kirankumar said there is a need to use space technology for social good and development .
56 PM : calling for a strong India-France relations , PM Modi said , be it trade and technology , innovation and investment , energy , education and enterprise , we want to give a boost to India-France ties .
Technology has helped book railway tickets and pay bills online , bringing great convenience , Modi said .
Noting that India has missed the bus because of its conventional thinking when it came to industrial and technology revolutions , Arunjaitley said Indians have now become aspirational , which is putting pressure on politicians to support reforms initiatives .
It seems that Shinzoabe had told visiting Ex-Defence minister Arun Jaitley that he was convinced that North Koreas missile technology had been obtained from Pakistans AQ Khan , who had stolen the designs from various Western countries .
Highlighting the need to increase tax base and adopt new technology , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Tuesday asked young tax officials to be people-centric .
Siddaramaiah said that progress in science and technology should be utilised for the progress of the society .
During his meeting with XI , Modi said the two sides should tap their potential in cooperation , strengthen communication and coordination in international affairs , respect each other 's core concerns and appropriately handle their disputes .
Describing Internet as a gamechanger , Gujarat chief minister Modi said Thursday politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance , accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people .
By Ptiberne : from Berne to Bengaluru , and from research labs to manufacturing floors , India and Switzerland have immense scope to collaborate with Switzerland in various sectors , especially in science and technology , president Ramnathkovind said on Thursday .
The ultimate goal is to prevent corruption by use of technology and minimizing the discretion process , chief minister Manoharlalkhattar told senior officers at a meeting , the first of its kind on eradicating corruption , here this week .
Modi said reforming the citizen-government interface and the processes of governance , innovation and keeping pace with the latest technology were challenges before the government .
B'Describing Internet as a gamechanger , Gujarat chief minister Narendramodi today said politicians ought to use technology for bringing in good governance , accountability and transparency as well as reaching out to the people .
The Bharatnet project will be completed on time by December 2018 , communications minister Manojsinha said during question hour in Rajya Sabha .
4 crore , making Karnataka the leading state for its e-governance initiatives , chief minister Siddaramaiah said at an event here on Monday .
Hrd minister Smritiirani said a dozen teachers - from top institutions like the University of Pennsylvania , Harvard University , Massachusetts Institute of technology , Columbia University , Yale University , Princeton University , Georgia Tech University , and the University of California , Berkeley - had already given their consent to take part in the scheme .
After the ceremony , Mamatabanerjee said , Chandrima will take charge of health and e-governance and Ujjwal will take care of the jail ( correctional administration ) department .
85 percent , which is nearly four percent more than the national average of 10 percent , the state information technology minister KT RAM said here on Thursday while releasing it performance report .
Modi said his government has used modern technology in governance and implementation of policies .
Pti Photothe centre will upgrade one lakh madrassas in the country with state-of-art technology to provide better schooling to Muslim community , Union minister Mukhtarabbasnaqvi has said .
Its new manifesto is an eyewash , aimed at turning the attention of the people from a series of Mega scams it presided over in the last five years , Modi said , adding : the manifesto should serve as a pious communication between the parties and voters .
Watch what else is making Newsin a written communication to Gupta on February 6 , Anilbaijal said he has sent the complaint of alleged corruption to Kuttty for appropriate action and a report has been sought .
Communist Party of India-Marxist ( Cpi-M ) leader RAM said his party had objections at the way the US was denying India complete flow of technology despite signing the deal in 2004 .
Deputy Commissioner-Cum-Secretary ( information technology ) Dr s B Deepakkumar said , this is the third service that we have launched this month .
For our part , the United States continues to look at our export controls to make sure Indian companies have the same access to American technology as our closest allies , BarackObama told PTI in a wide-ranging interview .
The idea is that India and Japan along with other willing partners work jointly in sectors like skill development , information technology , manufacturing , health and connectivity , Modi said .
The startups and entrepreneurs will be provided free space , Internet , and other infrastructure at the Bhamashah techno hub , said Akhilarora , principal secretary , Department of it and communication .
Modi said there could not have been a century where technology played an important role as much as it does now .
Stating that no communication in this regard has been received by the state government , Mamatabanerjee said , a copy of such instruction as reported in the media is enclosed .
Delivering the valedictory address at the end of the three-day Pravasi Bharatiya Divas-2017 , Pranabmukherjee said the diaspora can collaborate in the areas of science and technology and biotechnology with institutions and entrepreneurs in India .
Japan interested in Bangalore-Mysore bullet train project : Siddubangalore , Sept 16 , 2013 , ( PTI ) 18:00 Istjapan has evinced interest in funding and sharing technology in a bullet train project in Karnataka , chief minister Siddaramaiah said here today .
Iit Delhi director RAM said institutions could enhance their communications with the public through social media .
Vijayawada : chief minister N Chandrababu RAM said on Sunday that drone technology will be used in tourism , agriculture , mines , forests , irrigation projects , maintenance of law and order and municipal administration for real-time governance .
Usof will be coming out with competitive tender to select a service provider there , telecom secretary Arunasundararajan told reporters after the panel 's recommendation was approved by the digital communications Commission ( DCC ) on Wednesday .
Superannuated teachers may also be considered for engagements as guest faculty subject to a maximum age limit of 70 years , UGC secretary Jain said in a communication to state higher education secretaries and university registrars on Monday .
I would tell him to keep at it , continue to maintain this unique channel of communication with the people of the country and ignore the trolls and troglodytes along the way , since the positives vastly outweigh the negatives on this medium , Shashitharoor said .
Uidai chairman Nandan Nilekani said the government is using state-of-the-art technology to ensure Aadhaar provides the best service for the people .
Reminiscing his efforts to bring the e-governance in the United Andhra Pradesh , Babu said that unless there was new thinking , planning and execution , there would not be any progress in any sector .
In his address at 'Future India : science and technology at the science Congress ' , Modi said , today 's new slogan is Jai Jawan , Jai Kisan , Jai Vigyan and Jai Anusandhan .
Modi said he strongly believed that technology can and must bridge the divide between the government and the citizens .
During the meeting , Modi said the two sides should tap their potential in cooperation , strengthen communication and coordination in international affairs , respect each other 's core concerns and appropriately handle their disputes .
I also intend to set up five more IITs ( Indian Institutes of technology ) in Jammu , Chhattisgarh , GOA , Andhra Pradesh and Kerala , Arunjaitley said while presenting the budget for 2014-15 .
The court took into record the letter sent by Nariman to the chief minister on Friday in response to his communication of September 29 in which Siddaramaiah said that his government was not in a position to release water at this juncture .
Modi said that the two sides will encourage industry and businesses in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare , tourism , information technology , agriculture , blue economy and energy .
The Indian army would provide communication , manpower , establish temporary toilets as well as lend helicopters to carry out rescue operations in case of any mishap during the meet , said Shukla .
Expressing the need to bridge the digital divide , PM Modi said , we are living in the era of technology .
Pm Modi inaugurates 103rd Indian science Congress in Mysurumysuru , Jan 3 , 2016 , ( Ians/Agencies ) : 12:01 Istprime minister Narendramodi on Sunday said good governance is not limited to policy and decision-making , it is also about integrating science and technology in choices we make and strategies we pursue .
At a colourful ceremony , which included a presentation of India 's indigenous martial art forms , dances and sports , Modi said technology has contributed to a sedentary lifestyle .
We are excited to announce the expansion of our presence in Connecticut and to create 1,000 technology jobs in the state , Infosys president Kumarravi said .
New Delhi , Nov 2 , 2016 , PTI : 21:43 Istprime minister Modi today said credibility is the biggest challenge for media in the age of technology and it is important for media establishments to maintain it .
As a master systems integrator , we will provide leading edge technology solutions including high-end analytics , mobile surveillance and high-tech tools like drone , said s N RAM , deputy managing director and president , Larsen & Toubro .
We walk less now and the same technology tells us that we are not walking enough , Modi said at the event .
We need people who can think laterally , use tools and interpret the large amount of data we collect to find solutions to issues related to sea-level rise and climate change , said R RAM , head , ocean observation systems , National Institute of ocean technology .
Siddaramaiah said the government has asked National Institute of technology , Karnataka , in Suratkal and the minerals exploration corporation limited to identify the extent of iron ore extracted from these mines illegally .
In a way it is no secret at all the reality is that technology was used extensively in my conversation with bear Grylls , PM Modi said .
The state government has sanctioned RS 22 crore for this project and the planetarium will start functioning in 2019 , M R RAM , minister for planning , statistics , science and technology said here on Thursday .
Modi said President Karimov was also supportive of strengthening ongoing cooperation in the areas of agriculture , information technology and energy .
Technology has impacted the print , electronic and social media immensely , Modi said .
Eliminating malaria and tuberculosis ( TB ) were high on the radar of the government , said Dr Harshvardhan , Union minister for health and family welfare , science and technology and earth sciences .
In rural areas , we register children in Anganwadis but in urban areas , many of them do n't come to Anganwadis , state information technology chief V K Gautham said .
After inaugurating the bridge , Modi said the facility was a marvel of engineering and technology , and would be of immense strategic significance .
( source : PTI ) Indias test captain Viratkohli on Thursday said the team has had discussions on the contentious decision review system ( Drs ) and looks forward to the Technologys introduction in the future .
The young generation should get more involved in the working of the economy , not just by joining politics but by raising issues and making use of powers such as the right to information act and the whistleblowers policy , said chief minister Prithvirajchavan addressing MBA and media and communication students of symbiosis University at their annual festival , Fest-O-Comm .
Siddaramaiah said he had a meeting with Japan 's minister for education , culture , sports , science and technology , Hakubun Shimomura , on the sidelines of the world economic forum meeting at Dalian in China .
Modi said the smart city mission aims to integrate digital technology into rapidly Urbanising environment and there is already a high level of interest from the UK in projects in Pune , Amaravati and Indore .
Centre will decide IIT location : Cmapril 12 , 2015 , Hubballi , Dhns : 2:33 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah said on Saturday that the state would recommend the names of Raichur , Hubballi-Dharwad and Mysuru for setting up the Indian Institute of technology ( IIT ) in Karnataka and the union government may choose a place after its team visits these places to study the feasibility .
( Anindya Shankar Ray ) the mobile phone is empowering the underclass in a way 45 years of talking about socialism never did , said Shashitharoor on Saturday evening , taking a swipe at his friends in the CPM who had dubbed cellular technology a plaything of the elite and opposed its entry into India .
Our defence mechanisms would be the best in the world , Modi said , referring to delays in procurement and complaints that the armed forces were using outdated technology .
Modi said he wanted to make the point while speaking to fellow legislators even as he reiterated the need to focus on technology to reach out to the public as he asked MPs to develop at least 3 lakh followers in their constituency .
Deputy commissioner Dr RAM said there was no communication between UNESCO and the district administration about the vandalism .
We have used technology in the working of the government , which has helped bring transparency , Modi says .
( source : PTI photo ) exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology , Prime Minister Modi on Monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when India would celebrate 75 years of independence .
Highlighting the efforts being made towards combating land degradation and climate change , Modi said India takes pride in using remote sensing and space technology for multiple applications , including land restoration and it will be happy to help friendly countries develop land restoration strategies through cost effective satellite technology .
However , g RAM , one of the acting MD of Kitco , the consultants for the project , told express that the problem was caused due to the use of a new technology deck continuity , which is used in many parts in North India with good results .
Modi said e-governance is an essential part of his digital India project .
Prince RAM , director ( information technology ) , said , it is a turning point for the city beautiful which has embarked upon its journey to become a smart city .
Our special Correspondentnew Delhi : Union home minister Rajnathsingh said on Tuesday that the Indo-Tibetan border police troops deployed along the India-China border were being taught Mandarin to bridge the communication gap in the wake of frequent face-offs with Chinese soldiers .
Modi said the use of technology would save time and ensure that lawyers made arguments in court with sharpness that would help judges in taking decisions faster .
Party leaders should try for instant sharing of information with people by using technology , Modi said at the three-hour meeting , the first such gathering at the new party office , ministers gave presentations on the development projects including the focus on 115 least developed districts of the country .
Modi said access in services is important for India during this review and the two sides need an agreement that reflects investment , technology and services and not just trade in goods .
Following the information provided by the investigating officer in the written communication , we have strongly suggested the university authorities not to allow permission to these two accused and advised them to take necessary action for the same , said Dhawan .
By Ptifalakata : Union home minister Rajnathsingh on Saturday said the centre will use technology to seal the international borders of both West Bengal and Assam with Bangladesh , through an integrated border management system .
Speaking at an anti-corruption meet organised by the central vigilance Commission , PM Modi said corruption is not something we can have in our system and technology has a major role to play in that .
Society is becoming technology driven and it is essential to look towards affordable technology , Modi said addressing 'Visitors ' conference at Rashtrapati Bhavan .
Principal secretary information technology VK Gautham told toi that a three-pronged strategy has been adapted by the government to address the shortcomings in this age group .
I believe that India and the UK must continue to nurture and support an ecosystem of high quality fundamental research to pave the way for joint technology development that can address global challenges , Modi said .
Speaking at a review meeting with the officials of AP fiber grid project at his residence here , RAM said that drone technology had come handy for crowd control , RAM management and crime control during the recently concluded Krishna Pushkarams .
It is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods , RAM said .
Modi said India wanted to build cooperation in new areas with Bangladesh especially in some high-technology sectors which would include working in the fields of electronics , it , cyber security , space explorations and civil nuclear energy .
Advertisingin a bid to boost the morale of ISRO scientists , Modi said , I have lived the moment with you when communication with spacecraft was lost .
Partner with India , Modi urges foreign defence Firmsbengaluru , Feb 18 , 2015 ( Ians ) : 19:28 Istfrom being just sellers of defence equipment , foreign firms must evolve into strategic partners as India wants their technology , skills , systems integration and manufacturing strength , Prime Minister Narendramodi said here Wednesday .
Addressing the SEBI board , Jaitley also said the passage of new Aadhar law would help in expanding investor base in securities market via KYC ( know your client ) simplification by greater use of technology .
Prince Dhawan , director ( information technology ) , said , it is a turning point for the city beautiful which has embarked upon its journey to become a smart city .
They have invited me to have a look at the technology and actual process used for generating power out of waste , so that it may be replicated in Karnataka , Siddaramaiah said .
Obviously , communication with the bank , there seems to be some gap in that and therefore , he was given pension for one part of the service and not for other part of the service which he was legitimately entitled to , Arunjaitley told reporters here .
We want to build cooperation in new areas , especially some high-technology areas , that have a deeper connect with the youth in both our societies , Modi said .
After being conferred with the Cauvery award at a programme organised at Chandravana Ashrama near here as part of Navaratri celebrations , Kirankumar said that the satellites are used for collecting information on weather , for use in agriculture , education , communication , television and other fields .
Kenya 's climate , Modi said during a lecture at the University of Nairobi during his visit , provides the right ecosystem for appropriate technology and Innovation-Led growth .
New Delhi : Rahul Gandhi 's Twitter outreach has played a key role in changing perceptions about him , senior Congress leader Shashitharoor has said urging the party chief to maintain his unique communication with the people and to ignore trolls and troglodytes .
Noting that skill development was the need of the hour , Smritiirani also said the Rajiv Gandhi Institute of information technology ( Rgiit ) has failed to address the issues of the youth of Amethi .
Jaitley said just because it is possible to hack a network did not mean that technology must not be deployed .
Noting that the start-up policy covered information technology , biotechnology and manufacturing sectors , RAM said a start-up Council under his chairmanship would review implementation of the policy on a regular basis for feedback and suggestions .
Partner with India , Modi urges foreign defence Firmsbengaluru , Feb 18 , 2015 ( Ians ) : 19:28 Istfrom being just sellers of defence equipment , foreign firms must evolve into strategic partners as India wants their technology , skills , systems integration and manufacturing strength , Prime Minister Modi said here Wednesday .
Modi said the collaboration and relationship between royal Bhutan University and IITs of India and some other top educational institutions are in line with today 's requirements for education and technology .
Speaking at the world 's largest event on financial technology , Modi said technology has transformed governance and delivery of public services in India and unleashed innovation , hope and opportunities .
Odisha chief minister Naveenpatnaik on Sunday asked district collectors to act as agents of change to improve public service delivery and governance by using 3TS teamwork , transparency and technology .
Stressing the importance of information technology and communication in changing times , Prime Minister Modi said on Sunday that courts could use video conferencing to communicate with government officials instead of summoning them to appear in court , saving time and money .
Even the average package offered by companies to those from this branch is much higher , said Nln read , placement officer at Chaitanya Bharathi Institute of technology , adding that quite often students seeking a career in electronics and communication and electrical and electronics engineering end up seeking jobs in it firms .
The surface water of Krishna river will anyway be polluted and along with it the ground water as well , said said K Babu , a retired senior scientist from the Indian Institute of chemical technology .
Modi has asked Niti Aayog to examine global standards of technology for infrastructure creation and their feasibility in India .
This is in contrast to joining a large organisation where there would be lesser ownership , and therefore , lesser learning , belong 's chief technology officer ( CTO ) Vinodh Kumarravi said .
2 billion connected Indians drive innovation ; technology ensures the citizen-government interface is incorruptible , Modi said .
Participating at the second convocation of the Indian Institute of technology , Patna last month , Pranabmukherjee asked the youngsters to develop innovative strategies to promote inclusive growth of those at the grassroots .
Bhopal , March 25 : Union home minister Rajnathsingh today said the country 's porous border with Bangladesh and Pakistan would soon be sealed to end infiltration by terrorists , asserting that technology would be used where physical barricades were not feasible .
Seeking deeper economic engagement , Modi said Indias capacities in trade , investments , information and communication technology , space , agriculture , health care , small and medium scale industry can bring wide spread economic benefit to the SCO countries .
While addressing the press via video-conference , PM Modi said that he is convinced that when leaders join hands and mutually share the fruits of knowledge , technology and growth , development and prosperity can increase .
Cautioning people against GM crops , Nitishkumar said , now , they are talking about technology .
The sister city link that began in 2012 will go a long way in strengthening collaboration between the two cities , one of which has a rich knowledge and technology-based economy , while another has a golden treasure of ancient art , culture , heritage and unique architecture , said mayor Anantanarayanjena , defining Bhubaneswar 's transformation as a smart city in the recent past .
Isro will provide Satellite-Generated information to the railways through space technology-based tools that will provide safety at unmanned level crossings , ISRO chairman a s Kirankumar told reporters here yesterday in reply to a question on how will ISRO help the railways in using the navigational support system .
Recently , the government had increased FDI in the sector to 49 per cent and last week prime minister Narendramodi had said that MNCs could go in for majority ownership , provided they transfer the technology .
Aadhaar example of using technology to leapfrog : Nilekanimelbourne , Oct 16 , 2013 , ( PTI ) : 9:29 Istaadhaar project is an example Ofusingmodern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani has said .
Modi said the digital technology was introducing transparency and eliminating corruption through innovations such as the government E-Marketor gem .
New Delhi , Nov 2 , 2016 , PTI : 21:43 Istprime minister Narendramodi today said credibility is the biggest challenge for media in the age of technology and it is important for media establishments to maintain it .
Modi said he and Merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment , security and counter-terrorism , innovation and science and technology , skill development , urban infrastructure , railways and civil aviation , clean energy , development cooperation , health and alternative medicine .
Modi said good governance was not just about policy and decision making , transparency and accountability but also about integrating science and technology into the choices to be made and the strategies to be pursued .
Renewing government 's commitment to creating favourable conditions for business and industry , Modi said : never before is India so well prepared to absorb talent , technology and investment from outside .
Noting that the start-up policy covered information technology , biotechnology and manufacturing sectors , Siddaramaiah said a start-up Council under his chairmanship would review implementation of the policy on a regular basis for feedback and suggestions .
Speaking to reporters , RAM said as many as 4,500 services will be brought under M-Governance , a major step in the field of information and technology .
Delivering the eighth annual Richard H sabot lecture 'Technology to leapfrog development : the Aadhaar experience ' organised by center for global development - a Washington- based think-tank , Nilekani said UIDAI has leveraged the state of the art technology of the present days to provide unique identification number to every resident of the country .
Pm Modi said those opposing Evms are not only opposed to Evms , they have problems with technology , digital transactions , Aadhaar , GST , Bhim app .
Modi said the two countries will be opening new avenues for cooperation , including in the energy sector , telecommunications and science and technology .
Shedding the shackles of mediocrity is the key challenge for the IIT system and Iitians in the 21st century , president Pranabmukherjee said on Saturday at the 44th convocation of the Indian Institute of technology , Delhi .
We are almost 5,000 students who have completed the two-year anaesthesia technology course , said M RAM , vice-president of the anaesthesia technicians Association .
Prime Minister Modi who inaugurated the Defexpo on Thursday said that new and emerging technologies like artificial intelligence and robotics are most important determinants of defensive Andoffensive capabilities and India , with its leadership in information technology domain , would strive to use this technology tilt to its advantage .
Pm Modi inaugurates 103rd Indian science Congress in Mysurumysuru , Jan 3 , 2016 , ( Ians/Agencies ) : 12:01 Istprime minister Modi on Sunday said good governance is not limited to policy and decision-making , it is also about integrating science and technology in choices we make and strategies we pursue .
Looking at the gigantic task of covering all the areas in the country , the bankers were requested to take advantage of technology and implement the financial inclusion plan to reach about 73,000 remote villages before March 2012 , Pranabmukherjee said .
In fact , we are now the third largest contributor of rice to the public distribution system in India , Naveenpatnaik said , adding , efforts are on to augment the irrigation potential and use of technology .
Speaking on the occasion , Nitishkumar said several new buildings based on modern technology have been constructed in the state and they have grabbed attention at the international level .
He also said the government needs to make full use of new and modern technology not only in delivery of public services but in governance in general .
Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Naidu , who has decided to camp in Visakhapatnam to oversee the relief operations , said in Rajahmundry that the government 's priority is to restore access to affected villages , establish communication networks and take care of those provided shelter .
Speaking at the youth convention on innovation and technology , which marked the inauguration , Modi said , I had a dream and for that , I was looking for the right people .
Chief minister N Naidu who launched the first machine said his aim is to make Andhra Pradesh a crime free state in India through the usage of latest technology in forensic Labs .
Modi said , the life and works of Indian scientists are a compelling testament of integration of deep fundamental insights with technology development and nation-building .
Japan interested in Bangalore-Mysore bullet train project : Siddubangalore , Sept 16 , 2013 , ( PTI ) 18:00 Istjapan has evinced interest in funding and sharing technology in a bullet train project in Karnataka , chief minister RAM said here today .
Melbourne : Aadhaar project is an example of using modern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani has said .
Our special Correspondentpatna : deputy chief minister Modi on Friday announced that the Labour resource , and information technology departments had been directed to assess the employment requirement in the coming 10 years so that youths could attain skills accordingly to get employment .
From India , an 83-Member delegation comprising 60 students , 20 mentors and three officials of the AICTE visited Singapore for the event which Modi said is a boost to technology , innovation and youth power .
During 2017-18 , a total grant of RS 189 crore has been provided to the e-governance department , Siddaramaiah said .
The faster we bring in technology , the better it will be for productivity because the number of people is increasing but the land is shrinking , Modi said .
While announcing the collaboration , Microsoft CEO satyanadella said that this was a move towards empowering every Indian organisation with technology .
( the Canadian press via AP ) prime minister Narendramodi has announced several key initiatives taken by his government in the area of nuclear security and Non-Proliferation , including countering nuclear smuggling and deployment of technology to deter nuclear terrorism .
Referring to the Newton-Bhabha programme of scientific collaboration between the UK and India , Modi said , science is universal , but technology has to be local .
Asked about the perception that the government seems to prefer one-way communication , with even the prime minister not holding a press conference , Arunjaitley said he and the government communicate regularly but quipped that just as the character of the media has changed , the character of politicians too has changed .
As a master systems integrator , we will provide leading edge technology solutions including high end analytics , mobile surveillance and high-tech tools like drones , said s N RAM , deputy managing director and president , Larsen & Toubro .
I am convinced that when we join hands and mutually share the fruits of knowledge , technology and growth , we can speed up our development and prosperity , Modi said today .
We need to have high security infrastructure and secure communication lines , Natgrid chief RAM told the Telegraph .
Naidu said the sub-group has been studying various revenue models for operation and maintenance of community and public toilets and best practices in solid and liquid waste management technology .
A key driver has been the considerable investment in physical infrastructure including airports , public transport and communication facilities among the many factors used to evaluate city living standards , said Padma RAM , India practice leader , global mobility , Mercer .
Without referring to Advani 's comments , Arunjaitley said the media censorship is not possible today because of the technology itself .
Siddaramaiah said that Karnataka was the only state to set up a vision group on science and technology , currently headed by Bharat Ratna C N R Rao .
Modi 's visit will focus on investments and technology sharing with these three countries , external affairs ministry spokesperson Syedakbaruddin said .
Such moves serve to conceal contradictions , the inequalities that exist and will continue to exist , said RAM , director of the Chandigarh-based Institute of development and communication .
Unveiling the budgetary proposals in the assembly , RAM announced a total allocation of RS 299 crore to it , BT and science and technology department .
Speaking on use of technology in agriculture , RAM said , Karnataka is in the forefront .
Modi said technology from mobile to missiles can be controlled from space and added that protecting the space was very important which the NDA government at the centre had done during its tenure .
B'Kerala chief minister Oommenchandy today said the state had failed to capitalise on the advantages of information technology and hoped by March this year the e-governance project would be completed .
Modi said India is committed to accelerate the development of Bhutan using space technology .
Also read | heres what Twitterati think what PM Modi should have spoken in his # Mannkibaatthe more our young generation works for research , innovation , inventing technology for solutions to our daily life problems and provide an easy relief from our problems , it will contribute immensely to making of the modern India of 21st century and that will be the real tribute to Abdul Kalam , Modi said .
Noting the gigantic task where over 2/3Rd of countries face impact of desertification globally , Modi announced to set up a centre of excellence at Dehradun to help developing countries in addressing land degradation issues and offered help to friendly nations for developing land degradation strategies through Indias cost effective satellite and space technology .
Pm Modi said that both countries decided to collaborate on defence production and transfer of technology .
Will ensure 24X7 power to all Indians by March 2019 : Goyalnew Delhi , DEC 5 , 2014 , ( PTI ) 16:46 Istreiterating the promise of 24X7 electricity to all by 2019 , power minister Piyushgoyal today said use of information technology will help in achieving the target .
Speaking on use of technology in agriculture , Siddaramaiah said , Karnataka is in the forefront .
I had written to the union minister of environment and forests in January saying that interested parties who failed to win the confidence of farmers ( on transgenic crops ) are now pushing the technology through public institutions , Nitishkumar said .
Vice President Hamidansari said that Mann Ki Baat is an ingenious and influential communication platform created by Modi .
I urge those involved with the start up sector to innovate on aspects where technology can help the judiciary , PM Modi said while speaking at the 150th year celebrations of the Allahabad high court .
It is a referendum on our performance so far , the state information technology minister K T RAM said .
I would tell him to keep at it , continue to maintain this unique channel of communication with the people of the country and ignore the trolls and troglodytes along the way since the positives vastly outweigh the negatives on this medium , Shashitharoor said .
Vk Gautham , principal secretary of the States information technology department , said they have 50 teams deployed on the ground to sort out issues at the hotspots .
Interacting with beneficiaries of the various digital India efforts , Modi said the initiative was launched with an objective of bringing benefits of technology to people , especially in rural areas .
Since prime minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation of high value currency notes on November 8 , there have been long queues outside banks and Atms.In his written communication to RBI and SBI , Prakash Chand ( controller of accounts - Pao ) said that Nowdays public was visiting the bank branches for withdrawal of money from their accounts and also depositing and exchanging their old notes .
Still , we should protect at least 10 of the traditional system of learning like books and newspapers , Nitishkumar said after inaugurating the new campus of National Institute of electronics and information technology ( Nielit ) at Amhara near Bihta in Patna district .
Commenting on the initiative , communications minister Manojsinha said that the platform is a channel to capture direct feedback from the consumers and this voice of the customer can be used to improve services that are being offered to them .
And I myself try my level best to update myself with technology and if you want any information in real time about India , me and the selfies that you took along with me today , and for all information , please download the Modi app , Modi said .
Mayor Souminijain said that the implementation of the e-governance project is very important .
The best way to cool soaring prices is to boost output with better technology , more competition among more producers and better information , India 's finance minister Pranabmukherjee said at meeting of G20 finance ministers and central bank governors on commodities and energy .
Modi also said the technology should instil fear among the criminals .
We have agreed to further strengthen our bilateral cooperation in defence and security , peaceful uses of atomic energy and outer space , science and technology , oil and gas , renewable energy , infrastructure development , agriculture and innovation-based sectors , Naidu said .
Liberalised Use/Technology neutrality is enshrined in our licences and there is simply no justification for us to pay an Auction-Discovered price for the permission to do what we are already entitled to , said T.V . RAM , resident director ( regulatory affairs ) of Vodafone India .
In a message , Siddaramaiah said , he was happy to learn about the successful launch of one of the heavy communication satellites .
The sources said municipal minister K T RAM had asked the civic body to invite tenders for units which could dispose of animal waste using black hole technology .
We are excited to announce the expansion of our presence in Connecticut and create 1,000 technology jobs in the state , Infosys president Kumarravi said .
Inaugurating the five-day Namami Brahmaputra festival organised by Sarbananda Sonowals Bjp-Led government , president Pranabmukherjee also said this was the time that adequate infrastructure backed by appropriate technology was built up to make Assam the hub of Indias act East policy .
Bbrains Scholastic centre chairman RAM said experts would discuss various Sub-Themes such as energy , food processing and conservation technology , Agro-Electronics , nano-technology , nano-electronics , solid waste management as part of the conference .
Emphasising that the centre wanted to empower the states with finances , technology and knowledge so that they are able to plan better and execute even better , Modi said the cabinet resolution setting up Niti Aayog provides for appointment of regional councils with specific mandates for specific time periods .
Chief minister N Babu who launched the first machine said his aim is to make Andhra Pradesh a crime free state in India through the usage of latest technology in forensic Labs .
In a message , RAM said , he was happy to learn about the successful launch of one of the heavy communication satellites .
Prime Minister Modi on Friday said the opposition was frustrated over repeated electoral defeats and was spreading lies about the Bjp-Led government , and asked party MPs to counter the lies using technology and by working among the people .
On the issue of corruption , Akhileshyadav said it was a matter of concern to reduce corruption at all levels and if daily working is associated with latest technology , it could bring transparency .
These websites and companies extending these unauthorised services , tantamount to violation under information technology act 2000 , section 38 of Aadhaar act 2016 , and section 409 ( criminal breach of trust ) and section 420 ( cheating ) of IPC , according to UIDAI .
We will make available our space assets and technology , Modi said while also promising to work to reduce digital divide within Africa and between Africa and the rest of the world .
Modi said that he and Merkel will chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment , security and counter-terrorism , innovation and science and technology , skill development , urban infrastructure , railways and civil aviation , clean energy , development cooperation , health and alternative medicine .
Modi said , we in India believe in both exploring the frontiers of science and technology , and researching the depths of our soul .
Advocating reforms in bureaucracy , Modi said there is a need to give impetus to reforms and technology as the day is not far when the world will look at M-Governance or mobile governance .
It is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods , Siddaramaiah said .
We hope to gain acceptance from members of the public for vehicles sharing this kind of space with them , said RAM , chief executive at Oxbotica , which developed the technology behind the shuttle .
Ram said that a digital mammography provides electronic images of the breasts , which can be enhanced by computer technology , stored on computers , and even transmitted electronically in situations where remote access to the mammogram is required .
( source : PTI photo ) exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when India would celebrate 75 years of independence .
Modi said he and Lofven would also interact with top business leaders of both the countries and chart out a future roadmap of cooperation in sectors such as trade and investment , science and technology , clean energy and smart cities .
A lot of work is being carried out in it sector across the country , but the minister , who is from Bihar , should give special attention to Bihar and speed up pending projects in the state , Nitishkumar said after inaugurating the National Institute of electronics & information technology 's ( Nielit ) 's new campus at Bihta , 40km west of Patna .
Technology and human interface are both important for the police force to keep progressing , Modi said speaking at the annual conference of Dgps/Igps held at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel national police academy ( SVP NPA ) here on Saturday .
Our priority should be to make science and technology affordable to the masses with Zero-Effect and Zero-Defect , Modi said .
In his periodic review of infrastructure sector on Tuesday , Modi asked Niti Aayog to examine global standards in the application of technology for infrastructure creation , and their feasibility in India .
Mentioning that places like Raichur , Hubballi-Dharwad , Mysuru and Hassan are vying for a campus of the Indian Institute of technology ( IIT ) , as announced in the union budget , RAM said : only one IIT has been granted to the state .
New test skipper Viratkohli has often said he is keen on using technology , while coach Anil Kumble , the head of Iccs cricket committee , had visited the MIT that has been studying methods to make Drs better .
India and Israel will strengthen the existing cooperation in agriculture , technology and security , Modi said at a joint media event with Netanyahu .
Addressing the 18th National Conference on e-governance taking place at Gandhinagar through his Twitter handle , Modi said : I urge you to explore ways to provide as many services as possible through mobiles .
Also read | India , Bahrain sign agreements in space technology , culture Exchangenoting that 'Chandrayaan-2 ' would land on the surface of moon on September 7 , Modi said the entire world was today discussing India 's space missions .
Mentioning that places like Raichur , Hubballi-Dharwad , Mysuru and Hassan are vying for a campus of the Indian Institute of technology ( IIT ) , as announced in the union budget , Siddaramaiah said : only one IIT has been granted to the state .
Highlighting the need to increase tax base and adopt new technology , Prime Minister Modi on Tuesday asked young tax officials to be people-centric .
Addressing the Sri Lankan parliament , Modi said : my vision of an ideal neighbourhood is one in which trade , investment and technology flow easily across the border , where partnerships are formed with ease of routine .
S RAM , CEO millennium city Expressways private limited ( Mcepl ) said , we have not received any communication from the Nhai in this regard .
Addressing the Dexschool students at the graduation ceremony on Tuesday , Modi said , we need good leaders in science and technology , education , medicine and other fields .
Citing Chinas ascendancy as the second largest economy in the world largely on its success in science and technology , Modi said equal attention has been given to R & D in make in India campaign .
The satellite will prove to be a boon in the progress of the entire ( South Asia ) region as it will facilitate natural resources mapping , tele-medicine , information technology connectivity and people-to-people contact , Prime Minister Modi said on Sunday in his Mann Ki Baat radio programme .
Terming the 10th edition of the biennial air show as the largest ever , reflecting the country 's new confidence level and global interest in India , Modi said the trade Expo was a Mega-Meeting of the global supply chains , with the most advanced technology and equipment .
On the tax administration front , Siddaramaiah said the e-governance initiative for collecting taxes would be strengthened .
Once the commercial negotiations are through , the company will have the right to use the technology , RAM said .
In a letter , chief minister Naveenpatnaik said the Operationalisation of this project will contribute to the make in India and digital India initiatives by the union government , stating that in both these programmes , the information technology ( it ) , IT-enabled service ( Ites ) and the electronics system designing and manufacturing ( Esdm ) were the major thrust areas .
Noting that communication has been a major strength of the NDA government , particularly Modi , Shashitharoor said , the prime minister is very effective in speech-making , comes up with slogans , sound bites , photo ops in quite an unparalleled way .
Deputy Commissioner-Cum-Secretary ( information technology ) Dr s B Deepak said , this is the third service that we have launched this month .
Please comply , said SEC P RAM in his communication .
During 2017-18 , a total grant of RS 189 crore has been provided to the e-governance department , RAM said .
Modi said the two countries will deepen their bilateral security cooperation against terrorist groups and further enhance counter-terrorism capabilities including in the area of technology .
Speaking at the meeting of group of ministers ( Gom ) on the information-technology related issues of GST in Bengaluru on Saturday , Telangana finance minister Eatala Rajender said the details of GST tax payers , particularly of those who have filed returns , were not accessible to states now .
Modi said the poorest should also have access to science and technology .
The commissioning of the facility also symbolises the countrys capability in establishing such world class facilities wherein technology from outside is restricted or not available , '' Kirankumar said .
Modi also said the collaboration and relationship between royal Bhutan University and IITs of India and some other top educational institutions are in line with todays requirements for education and technology .
Aadhaar project would use today 's latest and modern technology , said Dr. Singh .
We must use technology as a means to development , not destruction , Modi said in his plenary address at the summit .
Invoking former president Dr Apj Abdul Kalam , Modi said that the future is going to be technology driven and we needed to embrace it .
S RAM , the head of the sports mechanics and videographer for the Indian cricket team since 2001 , who welcomed the gathering said , this technology is first of its kind in India .
The court took into record the letter sent by Nariman to the chief minister on Friday in response to his communication of September 29 in which RAM said that his government was not in a position to release water at this juncture .
Technology can never replace people-to-people contact between the government and the people and women are best suited to that role , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Wednesday .
Mustard is an important crop for states like Bihar and we 'll not be able to escape the consequences of the technology , Nitishkumar said on the use of transgenic mustard .
Near reception , computers enabled with net are lined up to facilitate the visitors have the feel of New Age technology- which is now almost paperless , in collating information , says the librarian Dr Ramesh Gandhi .
Addressing a press conference in Amaravati , Babu said that he has directed union civil aviation minister P Ashok Gajapati Raju and Y Satyanarayana Chowdary , minister of state for science and technology and earth sciences , to resign from the union cabinet .
Srikakulam : to avoid misuse of government schemes I use technology where every beneficiary would automatically be enrolled online , said chief minister Chandrababu Naidu .
Radhakrishnan said the greatest challenge in launching Mars Orbiter was to monitor the communication system as it would take 20 minutes for a signal from the earth to reach the spacecraft .
Telangana information technology minister K T RAM , who visited Srinivass parents here on Saturday said the government has received information from mea that Srinivas body would arrive here on February 27 at 8 .
Prime Minister Modi says , if the world helps me with technology , helps me with resources I will be the very first person to switch over to clean energy completely .
Authorization through postal department would not be accepted officially but if there is no choice , then one can go for such process also , said Ashok Dalwai , deputy director general ( technology centre ) , UIDAI .
Meanwhile , V K Gautham , principal secretary ( information technology ) , told the Indian express that zero incidents on Mantralayas network had been reported following the virus scare of Wannacry .
Bihar is known for its Jugar technology ( indigenous technology with local material ) and Patna city is known to be the epicentre of that technology , Nitishkumar said , while addressing a meeting before flagging off the rally , which was organised under the aegis of the Bihar Chamber of commerce .
Highlighting how modern warfare had become technology-driven and India could not have a fragmented approach on defence , Modi said , today we have decided that we will now have a chief of defence staff , CDs , and after formation of this post , all the three forces will get effective leadership at the top level .
New Delhi : terming the company formed to create it backbone for rollout of GST as anti-national , BJP MP RAM today said the goods and services tax ( GST ) bill can be passed by parliament only if Gstn gets security Clearancethe goods and services tax network ( Gstn ) is the special purpose vehicle that was formed under the previous upa regime to set up the information technology backbone for rolling out the indirect tax regime that will replace myriad local levies .
Boosting the morale of scientists of Indian space research organisation ( ISRO ) after the space agency lost communication with Chandrayaan-2 's lander , Vikram , Modi said that India stands in solidarity with them and the country believes that best is yet to come .
Noting the decline in coal imports in the last year , Modi asked for even more vigorous efforts towards coal import substitution , and application of new coal technologies including gasification technology .
Providing state-of-the-art facilities free of cost to start-ups will give a jump-start to entrepreneurs of Rajasthan and enable them to prove their mettle to be leaders not just in India , but across the world , said Akhilarora , principal secretary of the State Department of information technology and communication .
Modi said technology is bringing big changes and keeping this in mind , the country 's law universities should develop such kind of talents .
Referring to space technology , Modi said India 's gift of a dedicated satellite for the Saarc region has been planned for launch in 2016 .
Mtnl regularly promotes landline and broadband services through print , advertising , FM channels , outdoors and digital media and regularly gives attractive tariffs and offers to customers , communications minister Manojsinha said in a written reply in the Rajya Sabha .
Under the new schemes relating to e-governance for 2017-18 , every district will be brought under the scope of service of process by establishing 'Karnataka one ' centres in more than 18 district centres , Siddaramaiah said .
Centre will decide IIT location : Cmapril 12 , 2015 , Hubballi , Dhns : 2:33 Istchief minister RAM said on Saturday that the state would recommend the names of Raichur , Hubballi-Dharwad and Mysuru for setting up the Indian Institute of technology ( IIT ) in Karnataka and the union government may choose a place after its team visits these places to study the feasibility .
We have been operating our smelter with the best-in-class technology , adapting best practices followed globally and shall continue to do so , said P RAM , CEO , Sterlite copper .
Prime Minister Modi said Indian companies have made investments in Russian oil and gas sector and Russian firms have investments in energy , defence and technology transfer to India .
So , this video analysis technology helps the cricketer to know more about the nuances of the game , RAM said .
In the budget for 2017-18 , finance minister Arunjaitley said a Digigaon initiative will be launched to provide tele-medicine , education and skills through digital technology .
This is not correct as postal services would continue to be in step with the times and render services in tandem with the new technology , Gandhi said .
Microsoft CEO satyanadella said technology companies need to be able to recruit talent from abroad when necessary .
The thumb that once was a symbol of illiteracy will now be a powerful tool thanks to the technology marvel , said Modi .
Terming Prayagraj as the land of tap , Tapasya , and Sanskar , PM Modi said that this Kumbh would see a blend of devotion and technology .
The measures include putting in place robust legislative and administrative frameworks and systems with due focus on capacity building , integration of information through technology and fast-tracking prosecution , Pranabmukherjee said .
Unveiling the budgetary proposals in the assembly , Siddaramaiah announced a total allocation of RS 299 crore to it , BT and science and technology department .
Technology is defining competitiveness and power in the new world and it is creating boundless opportunities to transform lives , Modi said .
The communication ( between leaders ) should never stop and in this those in power have a greater responsibility , Modi said .
India , Modi said , also wants to see a genuine global public partnership that makes clean energy affordable and provides finance and technology to developing countries to access it .
By Iansbengaluru : prime minister Modi on Saturday told ISRO scientists not to lose confidence after communication with the Vikram lander was lost while it was descending to the moon 's South Pole .
We need to recognise the changes taking place and reorganise our existing administrative set-up to meet the requirements of the new tax regime , said Cbec chairman Najib Shah in a communication to officials .
We may rather go for Endosulfan than making use of genetic engineering , said Dr Nagar , head , SCMS Institute of Bio-Technology , Kochi .
In an interview with Russia 's state-run Tass news agency ahead of his visit , Modi said he shared a special chemistry with the Russian president and is keen on technology transfers so that the two sides can make military equipment in India at cheaper rates for export to third countries .
Rahul Gandhi 's Twitter outreach has played a key role in changing perceptions about him , senior Congress leader Shashitharoor has said urging the party chief to maintain his unique communication with the people and to ignore trolls and troglodytes .
Modi said youngsters depend on mobile phones more than on newspapers and TV channels to get information and stressed on the need to use this medium of communication to tap them .
Addressing a meeting last year , Prime Minister Narendramodi asked the Drdo to bring in fresh blood and give leadership positions to new talents in an effort to spur innovation and technology development .
V K Gautham , principal secretary ( information technology ) , Maharashtra government , said , we are paying the Mtnl for their bandwidth .
The satellite will prove to be a boon in the progress of the entire ( South Asia ) region as it will facilitate natural resources mapping , tele-medicine , information technology connectivity and people-to-people contact , Prime Minister Narendramodi said on Sunday in his Mann Ki Baat radio programme .
Union finance minister Pranabmukherjee , in his latest communication to the Karnataka government , said there was a huge shortage of silk in the country and that the centre had the responsibility of ensuring sufficient supply of silk to weavers and traders .
Smart card technology is that it can only be read by someone who actually has a card reading device .
Chief minister Mamatabanerjee has asked private hospitals to improve communication with patients to reduce their grievances .
Hs RAM , chairman of the school , said , some students father was in police department , who must be vigilant about the Caseand that is how we received a communication from the police to keep a tight look out and also to put up the sketches on the notice board of the women kidnappers .
Also , more than 150 acres of the marshland is encroached by central government buildings mass rapid transit system , National Institute of ocean technology , Centre for wind energy technology it parks and residential buildings , senior counsel and Amicus P s RAM said in his report .
Vk Gautham , principal secretary of States information technology department , said the concern is a valid one .
On the tax administration front , RAM said the e-governance initiative for collecting taxes would be strengthened .
Bhubaneswar : chief minister Naveenpatnaik today asked district collectors to act as agents of change for the betterment of public service delivery and governance by using '3Ts ' - teamwork , transparency and technology .
'Innovation bazaars ' planned to encourage budding Entrepreneursbengaluru , Feb 25 , 2016 , Dhns : 0:56 Istthe Department of biotechnology ( DBT ) and Niti Aayog are envisaging 'Innovation bazaars ' to mentor budding entrepreneurs , said K Vijay RAM , Secretary of biotechnology department , Ministry of science and technology .
So thats why youve named your son Fidel , Deepak told Joshi , a lecturer at the business Department of the higher College of technology .
Chief minister Prithviraj RAM said on Saturday he had received a communication confirming the approvals for the road works from Union rural development minister RAM Ramesh .
Some of it is regulated , some of it is technology , some of it is design , and some of it is market , Nilekani said .
Shukla in the revised vision , which comprises nine points up from the original six , says : create healthy work environment that encourages team-building , free communication and mutual trust .
Modi said technology is bringing big changes and keeping this in mind , the countrys law universities should develop such kind of talents .
Advertisingofficial communications in the Pmo on Friday indicated that Misra ( 74 ) had expressed his intention to be relieved of his assignment , following which Modi asked him to stay for two weeks .
Following talks with the Chinese premier , Modi had said that both sides can work on improving bilateral relations by focusing on a shared vision , strong relationship , shared resolve , better communication and shared thought process .
The union government , Mohammedhanish said , is insisting on four specifics development of an integrated command & control communication centre , market redevelopment , smart roads and navigable waterways .
Recently , the government had increased FDI in the sector to 49 per cent and last week prime minister Modi had said that MNCs could go in for majority ownership , provided they transfer the technology .
This the era of artificial intelligence and India can not lag behind , Modi said as he appreciated Yuva Morcha workers for increasing the importance of technology within the organisation .
Patna : India and China can benefit and learn more from exchange in the fields of education , tourism , industry , agriculture and infrastructure technology , chief minister Nitishkumar on Thursday said while welcoming a 12-member Chinese delegation led by Communist Party of China secretary of Gansu province Lu Hao .
Raining his guns on Singh , Modi said that if the former prime minister was talking about the country where 50 per cent of the population was poor and that it wont be easy to integrate technology easily across the board , was it a reflection of his governments performance or mine ?
The FM radio revived it a little bit and I think the prime minister spotted the strength of the radio itself and the strength was not merely in communication , Arunjaitley said , referring to Modis radio broadcast Mann Ki Baat .
Modi also said that in India , the government is using technology for accountability and transparency .
Speaking to reporters , Siddaramaiah said as many as 4,500 services will be brought under M-Governance , a major step in the field of information and technology .
Manas RAM , director , software technology park of India , said : this incubation centre will be a boost to local entrepreneurs as it would provide a platform where the start-ups ( small companies or individuals ) can get amenities required to set up a company .
Stressing the importance of information technology and communication in changing times , Prime Minister Narendramodi said on Sunday that courts could use video conferencing to communicate with government officials instead of summoning them to appear in court , saving time and money .
Modi said those opposing Evms are not only opposed to Evms , they have problems with technology , digital transactions , Aadhaar , GST , Bhim app .
Committed to facilitate Bhutans development through the use of space technology , Modi said India will enhance the communication , public broadcasting and disaster management coverage in Bhutan .
The US is a vital partner for our national development , with rich possibilities of partnership in education , skills , research , technology and innovation , and an enabler for India in economic growth and national security , Modi said .
The special assistance proved very useful in covering infrastructure gaps in power , road communication and irrigation , Nitishkumar said , stressing that both private and public investment must continue and stepped up for the growth of Bihar .
Prime Minister Narendramodi on Friday said the opposition was frustrated over repeated electoral defeats and was spreading lies about the Bjp-Led government , and asked party MPs to counter the lies using technology and by working among the people .
Modi said he remained totally cutoff from the outside world as there was no communication link to the cave he stayed in for 24 hours and he kept looking at the shrine through a small window .
Also read | minute-by-minute account till Vikram lander went Offlinein a bid to boost the morale of ISRO scientists , Modi said , I have lived the moment with you when communication with spacecraft was lost .
Citizens are Netizensthis is a wired Republic , Modi said , adding that technology can bring accountability , transparency and help in good governance .
The central government is working to increase speed of trains and also striving to bring in global technology to make railways safer , as safety is of greatest concern , Modi said .
Pm Modi said , the two sides should tap their potential in cooperation , strengthen communication and coordination in international affairs , respect each others core concerns and appropriately handle their disputes .
Gandhi , who had earlier written a similar kind of letter to external affairs minister Gandhi Swaraj for removing clause of having the name of both parents on passports , said she has received a lot of communications from single mothers asking to do away with the practice of having the name of both the parents .
