;;-0.4312;;cm mamatabanerjee banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: on a day when the state government announced a series of measures to prevent untoward incidents at government hospitals, chief minister mamatabanerjee criticized the rising number of cases of physical assault on doctors and stressed on the need for a compassion-based relation between the doctors and patients' kin replying to a question raised by the leader of opposition, abdul mannan, in the assembly, mamatabanerjee said, we can do a lot of things by imposing law and force but that will not solve the problem.
;;0.3182;;chief minister mamatabanerjee sat on an impromptu dharna for 70 hours till a supreme court order came that allowed the cbi to question kumar but barred it from arresting him.
;;0.3818;;the proposals came after chief minister mamatabanerjee offered rs 100 crore from her governments funds as seed money for setting up business in the area as a gesture of the states commitment towards the development of the hills.
;;0.0;;kolkata: bengal witnessed its first roadside cabinet meeting on monday, with mamatabanerjee trying to balance the administrative responsibilities of a head of a state with the role of a national opposition leader from a 625-square-foot dais in the heart of the city at esplanade.
;;0.1531;;this time, though, mamatabanerjee  as head of the bengal government  has multiple official duties and engagements.
;;0.5574;;so, besides presiding over a cabinet meeting (the state budget was presented in the assembly by finance minister amit mitra), mamatabanerjee also distributed gallantry medals to cops and addressed a farmers rally, where the audience was at netaji indoor stadium (a couple of kilometres away), over a video call from the podium.
;;0.0772;;the metro channel hare street police outpost adjacent to the stage was converted into a makeshift conference room, where mamatabanerjee joined her cabinet colleagues, including finance minister mitra, urban development minister firhad hakim and education minister partha chatterjee, for the mandatory pre-budget meeting at 1.
;;0.0;;kolkata: with dmk leader kanimozhi and former deputy chief minister tejashwi yadav by her side, chief minister mamatabanerjee targeted the bjp from the dharna mancha on monday.
;;0.4019;;among other leaders, samajwadi party vice-president and akhilesh yadavs emissary kiranmay nanda paid a visit to the dais in the morning and was seen beside mamatabanerjee till early evening.
;;0.4215;;some supporters even tried to put up party flags and banners on trees, lamp posts and road dividers, but mamatabanerjee spotted them and instructed them to take them down.
;;0.872;;like at other party programmes, mamatabanerjee paced up and down the dais, holding a microphone, announcing the names of the dignitaries and ministers arriving, asking ministers to head for the assembly budget session and even coaxing singers and activists, like indranil sen, saikat mitra and shibaji chatterjee, to sing to keep the crowd alive.
;;-0.128;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee said on saturday that the west bengal government had not invoked the essential services maintenance act (esma) even after five days of strike by the junior doctors and appealed to them to immediately rejoin service.
;;0.1027;;the agitating doctors had earlier turned down an invite for a closed-door meeting with mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat on saturday, and instead asked her to visit the nrs medical college and hospital for an open discussion to resolve the impasse.
;;-0.5023;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday initiated a law-and-order overhaul of salt lake and suburban north 24-parganas by approving two new police commissionerates at bidhannagar and barrackpore and extending her vision of smart administration to two densely populated but often neglected areas.
;;-0.5574;;speaking on the judgment of the supreme court in the matter relating to cbi versus west bengal government, the haryana cm said: the courts ruling exposes the hollow and false claims of west bengal cm mamatabanerjee , who called cbis bid to enquire the commissioner in the chit fund scam as an attack on the countrys federal structure.
;;0.4404;;tmc chief mamatabanerjee called it a brazen and draconian bid to curb press freedom and said it showed that the government has lost its way.
;;0.0;;the statement is in sync with chief minister mamatabanerjee taking on the narendra modi government the other day when the cm went to the extent of saying that she would surrender her phone if the service provider insisted on aadhaar linkage.
;;0.6705;;we have decided to build a house for her once she gets well, chief minister mamatabanerjee said at a public meeting at gangarampur on wednesday, a day after she met the survivor in the critical care unit.
;;-0.875;;mamata banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: for a few of hours on saturday afternoon the focus of the looming medical crisis shifted a couple of kilometres away from nrs medical college and hospital, the epicentre of the protest by junior doctors, to institute of neurosciences after reports that chief minister mamatabanerjee may visit prabaha mukherjee who has been undergoing treatment at the mullickbazar address after he was assaulted by a mob on monday night.
;;-0.25;;the railway portfolio became vacant after trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee resigned and took over as chief minister of west bengal after the assembly elections in may.
;;0.0;;he also wrote to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday over the issue.
;;-0.872;;kolkata: senior kolkata police officials told toi that police commissioner rajeev kumar attended office on saturday and worked till late in the evening, even as media reports suggested that the 1989-batch ips officer, known to be close to chief minister mamatabanerjee , has been absconding for the past three days fearing arrest by cbi in connection with the chit fund scams in west bengal he would be flagging off a car rally on sunday, they added.
;;-0.0258;;bolpur: chief minister mamatabanerjee did a climbdown of sorts on ram navami rallies, relaxing her blanket ban on display of arms , in an apparent deference to tradition and organisations that have been taking out rallies with traditional weapons to observe the festival.
;;0.4939;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee 's wednesday meeting with officials of 49 private schools , six private colleges and six private engineering colleges at town hall  aimed at evolving certain guidelines to regulate the high fee structures  is likely to witness a fervent appeal by the institutions to not push for uniformity and deal with the issue on a case-by-case basis.
;;-0.4404;;the schools will also try to plead with mamatabanerjee to keep politics (and politicians) out of their day-to-day functioning and leave it to the school education department to probe specific complaints, if any, against them.
;;-0.624;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo)kolkata: nearly 22 days after chief minister west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee launched her didikebolo program  a digital initiative to reach out to the people and address their problems, the most complaints received from the urban areas by her office (cmo) are regarding the malfunctioning of the municipal bodies.
;;-0.1027;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday raised the chit fund scam matter in the assembly and claimed that only left is unaffected by the central probe agencies as they have an understanding with the bharatiya janata party there is no political party in the country, except the left, which is unaffected by the investigative agencies.
;;0.0;;earlier today, the mamatabanerjee government introduced an anti-lynching bill in the assembly.
;;-0.7783;;contai/kolkata: a day after home minister rajnath singh called her up to inquire about the contai violence, chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday iterated that bjp workers ransacked vehicles, even refusing to spare schoolbuses.
;;-0.8666;;barasat: cattle smuggling through the bordering districts of basirhat and bongaon in west bengal has turned out to be a bother for chief minister mamatabanerjee the cm gave a piece of her mind at an administrative meeting in north 24 parganas on tuesday, asking district officials to beef up surveillance along the indo-bangla border to get the rid of the cow smuggling stigma in this vulnerable district.
;;0.0;;aware that many youths in the district are involved in the trade, mamatabanerjee suggested alternative occupations for the unemployed youth.
;;0.0516;;kolkata: trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee has put her party on guard against mischief in the evms to be used in the lok sabha polls in west bengal.
;;0.8196;;but under the instruction of chief minister mamatabanerjee , the state government took very proactive role to resolve these issues.
;;0.3716;;piling work for the bridge, which is actually a rail overbridge or rob, started a fortnight ago on the basis of an inprinciple approval from er, but the latters stance on thursday puts a spanner on the prospect of the new alipore-behala lifeline that chief minister mamatabanerjee wants to throw open before the pujas this year.
;;0.3818;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said ration cards should be divided into two categories based on purpose - those availing benefits of the pds system and those who are using it for as a document for identity.
;;0.0;;however, chief minister mamatabanerjee has directed purulia district magistrate abanindra singh to prepare a detail report for setting up an airport at charra.
;;0.2023;;purulia:- during her meeting with state level and district top officials on friday, chief minister mamatabanerjee has directed the purulia district magistrate, abanindra singh to prepare a detail report for setting up an airport at charra to transport secretary.
;;0.5106;;the charra airport will be the dream project of mamatabanerjee and if this project kicks off the socio economic scenario of purulia will have a huge facelift, said local minister shantiram mahato.
;;0.8658;;when chief minister mamatabanerjee visited the south 24 parganas, the district administration ran a successful trial of the system christened by the cm as tirtha sathi first of its kind initiative in the country, tirtha sathi is all set to revolutionise the whole management of large congregation like sagar mela that sees 20,000 footfall on a day.
;;0.1877;;kolkata: west bengal bjp president dilip ghosh on wednesday slammed chief minister mamatabanerjee for her comments against the central agencies and wondered if she has not committed any wrong then why is she afraid of the probe bodies.
;;0.4588;;ghosh accussed mamatabanerjee of speaking the language of pakistan prime minister imran khan on the kashmir issue and taking a stance which is completely opposite to the interest of the country.
;;-0.296;;while speaking on kashmir issue, mamatabanerjee on wednesday accused the bjp-led central government of using brute force to scuttle the voices of dissent in the kashmir valley.
;;0.0;;ghosh alleged that mamatabanerjee is speaking language of pakistan prime minister imran khan as part of her muslim- appeasement policy.
;;0.0;;the rjd veteran had in august 2017 organised bjp bhagao, desh bachao rally in patna which was attended by akhilesh yadav apart from west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and senior politician sharad yadav among others.
;;0.0;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee has deferred her visit to chennai, earlier scheduled on april 10, in view of the west bengal rural elections on may 1, 3 and 5.
;;-0.296;;nabanna sources said mamatabanerjee also wants to avoid the cauvery water-sharing controversy in tamil nadu.
;;0.0;;this time, chief minister mamatabanerjee was quick to intervene before the situation slipped out of her hands.
;;0.5346;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: outgoing west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi on saturday said chief minister mamatabanerjee has the vision and power to implement her decisions but her appeasement policy is adversely affecting the social harmony of the state.
;;0.0;;tripathi, who has had several run-ins with mamatabanerjee during his five-year tenure, said she should look at every citizen equally without discrimination and advised the chief minister to keep a check on her sentiments and be restrained.
;;0.128;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has got vision, she has power to implement her decisions but she should be restrained also.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee speaks during teachers' day programme, in kolkata, thursday, sept 5.
;;0.1531;;read morekolkata: calling upon the teaching community to be on guard against any attempt to change the constitution and history of the country, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday said they will be the main force in the battle to save our heritage.
;;-0.891;;kolkata: after the victims parents, the guardians of the south kolkata school , where a four-year-old girl was allegedly sexually abused by her pt teachers , have decided to petition to chief minister mamatabanerjee seeking a speedy end to the investigating and punishment of the guilty.
;;0.6597;;trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee batted for regional parties and held that her party was working for a federal set-up.
;;-0.7096;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has blamed the organisational weakness of opposition parties for their inability to field candidates in all seats.
;;0.0772;;the worry among the trinamool top brass became all too apparent when the partys diamond harbour mp abhishek mamatabanerjee told a poll rally at bata more that a vote for das means a vote for abhishek mamatabanerjee and mamatabanerjee banerjee.
;;0.5106;;howrah: west bengal youth bjp worker priyanka sharma , who was jailed for sharing a meme on chief minister mamatabanerjee , on monday said she is happy that the state government is being held accountable.
;;0.1779;;defending the meme created on mamatabanerjee , for which she was arrested, sharma said, if i am sent to jail for sharing a meme, she (banerjee) should also go to jail for whatever she says about our prime minister.
;;-0.3818;;*on her return from new delhi, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee held an emergency high-level meeting at the secretariat in kolkata on thursday to review the situation in the asansol-ranigunj area.
;;-0.4767;;the democratic system of our country is crying, yet the judiciary is not coming to its aid, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said in a statement issued by the trinamool congress.
;;0.5423;;kolkata: a scheme launched by the west bengal government earlier this year will benefit around two lakh differently-abled people, chief minister mamatabanerjee said on monday.
;;0.5423;;filmmaker aparna sen addressing mediapersonskolkata: several prominent personalities of the city have come out in support of the agitating doctors, some of them even urging west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to find a solution to the impasse, which entered the fourth day on friday.
;;0.0;;actor kaushik sen urged mamatabanerjee , who also holds the home and health portfolios, to focus more on the healthcare sector.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee condoled the passing away of the veteran marxist.
;;0.6597;;praising the stance of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee for giving priority to the interests of her state by not signing the teesta water-sharing treaty, the bjp national spokesperson criticized the congress chief ministers from the northeastern states for overlooking the concerns of people.
;;0.0;;while stalin and kumaraswamy are in alliance with the congress, mamatabanerjee met andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu last week.
;;0.7783;;howrah: as shyampur oc suman das , 40, continued to battle for his life at a private hospital in south kolkata, chief minister mamatabanerjee called his wife sumita and 12-year-old son sagnik, assuring that the state would do whatever it takes to ensure das gets the best medical treatment.
;;-0.7184;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday alleged that there was a threat to her life and supari killers had been engaged to eliminate her.
;;0.4215;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has announced cash support for her state's farmers from the new year mamatabanerjee timed her bounty for farmers and land labourers to stay ahead of the modi government, which is set to make some big announcements for the farm lobby after bjp burnt its fingers in the three recent assembly polls.
;;0.7184;;bjp leaders have been expressing confidence that they will be able to dislodge chief minister mamatabanerjee , who will complete 10 years in power in 2021, and the party has been poaching on tmc leaders, including mlas.
;;0.7845;;kolkata: niti aayog has shifted the meeting of its governing council by a day to june 17, days after west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said she wouldnt be going to the meet because it was called on eid-ul-fitr, when the state celebrates the festival.
;;0.0;;sources in the cmo said mamatabanerjee may attend the meet this time.
;;0.0;;sources in the state secretariat said mamatabanerjee may nominate a senior government official to attend the meeting.
;;0.0;;kolkata: bengal witnessed its first roadside cabinet meeting on monday, with mamatabanerjee trying to balance the administrative responsibilities of a head of a state with the role of a national opposition leader from a 625-square-foot dais in the heart of the city at esplanade.
;;0.1531;;this time, though, mamatabanerjee  as head of the bengal government  has multiple official duties and engagements.
;;0.5574;;so, besides presiding over a cabinet meeting (the state budget was presented in the assembly by fm amit mitra), mamatabanerjee also distributed gallantry medals to cops and addressed a farmers rally, where the audience was at netaji indoor stadium (a couple of kilometres away), over a video call.
;;0.0772;;the metro channel hare street police outpost adjacent to the stage was converted into a makeshift conference room, where mamatabanerjee joined her cabinet colleagues, including mitra, for the mandatory pre-budget meeting at 1.
;;0.0;;kolkata/midnapore: chief minister mamatabanerjee may have kept doors open for talks with the maoists, but joint operation has been stepped up a few folds at the same time.
;;-0.4404;;meanwhile, members of rights body apdr on tuesday organised a meeting in front of new secretariat building and condemned mamatabanerjee for branding some rights activists as maoist agents.
;;-0.4404;;west bengal cm mamatabanerjee with union home minister amit shah at his north block office in new delhi on th.
;;0.34;;read morenew delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday shared her concern about the fate of many bengali and hindi-speaking citizens wrongfully left out of national register of citizens nrc ) in assam with union home minister amit shah .
;;-0.4404;;the meeting between mamatabanerjee and shah was the first after the latter took over the reins at north block in new delhi.
;;0.1531;;kolkata: trinamool mp kalyan mamatabanerjee and railway minister dinesh trivedi took the flak from mamatabanerjee on why the lokpal bill wasn't opposed (or amendments were moved) in the lok sabha, but the trinamool flip-flop bares the abject lack of coordination among the 19 party mps on the ls floor that day.
;;-0.0772;;a few hours later, chief minister mamatabanerjee told the assembly that this years dengue toll in the state was 17 and the number of those affected was around 10,000.
;;0.0;;kolkata: in a cabinet reshuffle on friday, chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday gave additional charge of e-governance department to finance , commerce and industries minister amit mitra .
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee meets prime minister narendra modi (pti photo)west bengal cm @mamataofficial calls on pm @narendramodi in new delhi.
;;0.0516;;kolkata: determined to shore up the healthcare facility in the state, mamatabanerjee on monday said the state won't deter from recruiting doctors from outside if those in the state refuse to work in districts.
;;-0.0736;;on monday, mamatabanerjee took stock of the attendance and performance in government hospitals and warned that the govgovernmentwon't hesitate to pull up delinquent staff up to the director level.
;;-0.8225;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday strode into the dead chicken sale controversy and hauled up bureaucrats for failing to act in time.
;;0.0;;gta chairman binay tamang did not confirm but west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is expected to be in the region during this period, could attend the opening ceremony at chowrasta in darjeeling.
;;0.1531;;barrackpore: chief minister mamatabanerjee has once again sent out a strong message to her partymen and the administration that hindrance to industry will not be tolerated.
;;0.2732;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has urged theto return to work and said her government had accepted their demands.
;;0.4404;;they called off their protest monday night after chief minister mamatabanerjee in a meeting assured them of steps by her government to scale up security at state-run hospitals in the state.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 5, 2019mamata mamatabanerjee (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4019;;madurai: calling west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee an iron lady, dmk president m k stalin has said that bjp was trying to cause hindrances to her as the party was unable to make headway in that state.
;;0.4576;;on thursday night, chief minister mamatabanerjee had reacted strongly to the incident, saying policemen should have been more careful.
;;-0.765;;while west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee claimed that 14 tmc supporters were killed in the violence, the state unit of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) alleged that its 52 supporters were killed.
;;0.7269;;new delhi: the move of seven opposition parties to submit a notice for impeachment motion against the chief justice of india has also sent a message to trinamool congress leader mamatabanerjee that she cant dictate the larger political moves of the core opposition camp, leaders involved in the exercise said.
;;0.4019;;adding to it was the informal boast of her mps that mamatabanerjee was influencing the reflexes of other regional parties who started flip-flopping.
;;0.6908;;since the opposition move is aimed at projecting the seven parties as determined crusaders against the questionable credibility of the cji and governments alleged intervention with the supreme courts functioning, it would be curious to see how mamatabanerjee will justify her partys non-participation in the motion before its political constituency at a time trinamool is facing a frontal attack from bjp.
;;-0.3089;;neither mamatabanerjee nor her party have commented on the opposition move.
;;0.891;;congress leader ghulam nabi azad, however, diplomatically said at the news conference that the seven parties were acting on behalf of other opposition parties who have not signed, leaving mamatabanerjee the opportunity to extend her belated support.
;;0.6597;;the fact that some regional players such as ncp, sp and bsp joined the congress-initiated move coincides with trinamools overdrive in projecting mamatabanerjee as pm material, a project that would require the trust and acceptability of competing regional big wigs.
;;0.0;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and cpm general secretary sitaram yechury appeared to be on the same page on the demolition of the lenin statues.
;;0.8194;;at the same time, mamatabanerjee took care that her statement was not misunderstood by her party supporters, who had fought cpm tooth and nail during the left front rule.
;;0.0;;the project was announced by chief minister mamatabanerjee when she was the railway minister.
;;0.6369;;kolkata: sovan chatterjee , the tmc leader who joined the bjp recently, said on tuesday that he is ready to contest against west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee in the next assembly polls if the saffron party wanted it.
;;0.0;;if they ask me to contest against mamatabanerjee in next election i will do so, he said at his first press conference at the state bjp headquarters.
;;0.0;;chatterjee and his close aide baisakhi mamatabanerjee were felicitated by west bengal bjp president dilip ghosh at a function here on tuesday.
;;0.0;;bhattacharjee came down to the apartment entrance to see mamatabanerjee off.
;;0.2944;;he is absolutely okay now, mamatabanerjee added.
;;-0.4215;;bengal cm mamatabanerjee , facing the wrath of agitating doctors in her state at present, and her telangana counterpart rao had also skipped modi's swearing-in ceremony.
;;0.6124;;new delhi: the government is likely to follow up on the assurance to trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee that it will not operationalise the decision on fdi in multi-brand retail by conveying a similar commitment to the opposition.
;;0.3612;;) sovan also alluded to widespread rumours of his relationship with baishakhi mamatabanerjee , a university lecturer, and absolved her of any role in this episode.
;;0.0;;trinamool chief mamatabanerjee has called a meeting on thursday to discuss the post-sovan situation in the kmc.
;;0.0;;the move comes after several comments in the last two years by chief minister mamatabanerjee on a shortfall of ias officers in the state and her intention of setting up a new administrative cadre of officers to counter this crunch.
;;0.4019;;a day after kcr announced that he would take a lead role in the formation of the third front ahead of the 2019 polls, trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee and former jharkhand cm hemant soren called up kcr and extended their support.
;;0.0;;junior doctors' meeting with west bengal cm mamatabanerjee at nabanna in howrah on monday.
;;-0.4404;;the state administration medical fraternity face-off escalated after bengal cm mamatabanerjee issued a stern warning of action against the strike during her visit to sskm hospital last thursday.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee asked me to check on the units selling unsafe packaged drinking water.
;;0.8481;;stalin is keen on inviting tmc chief and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar, national conference chief farooq abdullah and left party leaders, he said.
;;0.0;;kolkata: capping months of speculation, congress mp from malda north mausam benazir noor joined trinamool on monday in the presence of chief minister mamatabanerjee at state secretariat nabanna.
;;0.0;;speaking to reporters, noor said she wanted to see mamatabanerjee as the prime minister.
;;0.4391;;the charisma of mamatabanerjee was quite clear from the january 19 rally at brigade, she added.
;;0.0;;responding to a query on the possibility of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee being a claimant to the pms post after 2019 polls, yadav said the country wants a new pm and clarified that sp was not in the race.
;;0.0;;kolkata: eating into bengal's left space seems a bigger priority for trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee than keeping the upa boat at the centre afloat.
;;-0.5574;;with congress stocks unlikely to pick up in the run-up to the assembly polls in five states, including uttar pradesh, mamatabanerjee is likely to continue with her unpredictable stance even if the state congress threatens to go it alone in the panchayat elections.
;;0.5267;;as it happens, trinamool mp kalyan mamatabanerjee had to take the blame, though his party colleagues in parliament confided there was no clear instruction from kalighat on whether to support or oppose the bill.
;;0.1027;;hogging the limelight after her path breaking anti-acquisition stir in singur, mamatabanerjee in july made it clear to the centre that she would have the new land enactment at her own terms where no land can be acquired for the private even if they are into infrastructure.
;;0.5423;;later, union minister jairam ramesh was deputed to make peace with mamatabanerjee with a federal clause that suits her ego.
;;0.4215;;in september, mamatabanerjee pulled out of the prime minister's delegation to dhaka at the last minute scuppering the indo-bangla teesta water sharing treaty.
;;0.4019;;two months after in november came yet another bouncer from the trinamool chief with her party raising a din over the hike in petroleum prices despite the fact that mamatabanerjee as railway minister was a member of the empowered group of ministers that took the decision of deregulating petrol prices.
;;-0.128;;all this while, mamatabanerjee had been clamouring for a special bailout package for the broke state, though she took exception when asked whether her stance against the centre was a ploy to extract more fund for bengal.
;;0.7579;;the congress-trinamool bonhomie is a development of two years since the 2009 lok sabha polls when congress president sonia gandhi gave a free hand to mamatabanerjee to teach the cpm a lesson after the face off over the nuclear deal.
;;-0.6124;;sensing the weakness in the upa chemistry, mamatabanerjee kept on putting pressure on the upa to extract her pound of flesh as an emerging regional force does to advance its cause.
;;-0.4939;;the alliance thus suffers from an inherent weakness with mamatabanerjee tying up with a party she had been calling the cpm's b team till the other day.
;;0.0;;the move comes after a push by chief minister mamatabanerjee to spruce up the look of the flyovers in the city before the bengal global business summit (bgbs) early next year and christmas.
;;-0.7353;;co/umlnvywxpo  ani (@ani) 1568281325000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday warned the bjp not to play with fire in the name of nrc and said she would never allow the exercise in the state.
;;0.7579;;we hope mamatabanerjee didi will take a positive stand.
;;0.0;;quader will call on bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee along with an awami league delegation.
;;0.0;;kolkata: ending months of speculation, congress mp from malda north mausam benazir noor joined trinamool congress on monday in the presence of chief minister mamatabanerjee at state secretariat nabanna.
;;0.0;;noor told reporters, she wanted to see mamatabanerjee as prime minister.
;;0.4391;;the charisma of mamatabanerjee was quite clear from the january 19 rally at the brigade, she added.
;;0.2263;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday proposed a solution to the problem of insufficient teachers: employ fresh graduates and post-graduates as interns.
;;0.0;;talking to media persons here on friday, virbhadra said the cbi was constituted for independent investigation and as per the cbi act, it cannot conduct raids in any state without the permission of government of that state and that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was raising the same question.
;;0.6369;;new delhi: the home ministry is contemplating stripping six senior officers of west bengal police of their meritorious awards and could remove them from the list of seniority for taking part in the dharna by chief minister mamatabanerjee taking a dim view of police officers taking part in the cm-led protests and dharna in kolkata on february 4, the ministry has identified dgp virendra, adg (security) vineet kumar goyal, adg (law and order) anuj sharma , commissioner of police ( bidhannagar ) gyanwant singh and kolkata police additional commissioner supratim sarkar for action.
;;0.4404;;the cm has made a request to stop the vip culture from chaturthikolkata: a day after chief minister mamatabanerjee asked durga puja committees including her own ministers who organise mega-budget pujas to do away with vip gates, several leading committees felt the administration needed to re-look into the matter as it would have serious implication on crowd management and may also lead to monetary loss.
;;0.0;;kumartuli sarbajanin, a north kolkata puja where mamatabanerjee has been the chief guest for years, felt that the decision could push them back by over rs 1 lakh.
;;0.9081;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , who has been leading the opposition bid to stitch together a federal front, said on twitter: we have great respect for the verdict of the hon'ble supreme court.
;;0.4588;;trinamool chief mamatabanerjee dedicated the massive victory to the people of bengal and martyrs families.
;;-0.4215;;mamata banerjeekolkata: trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee fears that the country is heading towards a presidential form of government.
;;0.0;;now their target is bengal, mamatabanerjee continued.
;;0.2732;;kolkata/darjeeling: mamatabanerjee on sunday packed a surprise by picking former gnlf leader shanta chhetri and former congress mla manas bhuiyan - both veteran state legislators - as the party's candidates for the forthcoming rajya sabha polls on june 8.
;;0.0;;according to sources, trinamool chief mamatabanerjee was first toying with the idea of nominating former national soccer captain and sikkim-born bhaichung bhutia; chhetri, however, tipped the scales at the last moment.
;;0.34;;the number of gates have been increased to nine from seven, and each is being used for both entry and exit as per instructions of none less than chief minister mamatabanerjee herself.
;;0.3612;;if need be, we will also petition chief minister mamatabanerjee , demanding justice, said a parent.
;;0.4019;;she is on life support in the icu, director of medical education sushanta mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.1027;;gayetri mamatabanerjee , 81, was admitted to the state-run sskm hospital last friday and underwent dialysis, he said.
;;-0.4215;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has already announced compensation, promised a job for kin and team of ministers and mp are visiting tomorrow with her message to the family of afrazul (46) who was brutally killed two days back in rajsamand of rajasthan allegedly in case of love jihad.
;;0.7579;;ray's views are also contrary to that of party chief mamatabanerjee , who on tuesday said her party would strongly oppose the jammu and kashmir reorganisation bill that proposes to bifurcate the state into two union territories.
;;-0.7845;;in kolkata, chief minister mamatabanerjee termed the death unfortunate.
;;-0.4404;;mamata mamatabanerjee made it plain to congress emissaries, who made frantic last-gasp calls to her to let the bill go through in the rajya sabha, that as long as it provides the leader of opposition surya kanta mishra a place at the table to select a lokayukta, she would not be on board.
;;0.0;;congress decided to duck the vote after mamatabanerjee flatly turned down finance minister pranab mukherjee's request, another indication that that the senior minister's equations with the trinamool leader are just not jelling.
;;0.0;;dankuni (hooghly)/new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday rebuffed prime minister manmohan singh's appeal to reconsider her opposition to the cabinet's decision to allow fdi in retail, dealing a lethal blow to the upa government's attempts to push the decision past the opposition's protests.
;;0.0;;with parliament to resume only on wednesday, government has planned to use the interregnum to work on mamatabanerjee and dmk, the other dissenter in the upa.
;;0.0;;in fact, dmk may not relent either if mamatabanerjee does not yield.
;;-0.34;;attempts to soften up mamatabanerjee are not being helped by the tense chemistry between her and finance minister pranab mukherjee.
;;-0.6801;;when asked to comment on the events unfolding in west bengal and its chief minister mamatabanerjee , chouhan said, she has lost her mental balance and has become very agitated.
;;0.4215;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee has sent birthday wishes to her predecessor and cpm leader buddhadeb bhattacharjee and dmk working president mk stalin, who share their birthdays on march 1.
;;0.0;;a few days ago, mamatabanerjee had taken the initiative to get the toilet of her predecessors two-room flat repaired.
;;-0.5499;;but when it comes to nitish, mamatabanerjee is stubborn.
;;-0.4404;;mamata banerjeekolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said the bengal government would not implement the motor vehicles act (amended), 2019, as it was too harsh.
;;0.0;;new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is scheduled to meet prime minister narendra modi here on wednesday, according to state secretariat sources in kolkata.
;;0.0;;the meeting, in the backdrop of the ongoing cbi investigations into the sarada ponzi scheme scam that alleges involvement of several tmc leaders and renewed efforts to question adg, cid and former kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar, would be the first between mamatabanerjee and modi since the prime minister won his second term and took office in may.
;;-0.7063;;according to government sources, the sensitive teesta water-sharing treaty with bangladesh might come up in the pms talks with mamatabanerjee , who had earlier told modi that she was not opposed to sharing water with bangladesh but sharing water from river teesta would adversely impact irrigation in north bengal.
;;0.0;;even the bengal bjp unit is on the same page with mamatabanerjee on this issue.
;;-0.4404;;apart from a host of centre-state issues, like delay in payment under mnregs, bank mergers and the plight of bsnl employees, mamatabanerjee may update the pm on the ground-level operations against bangladeshi operatives of jamaat-ul-mujahideen who have been arrested in bengal.
;;0.8957;;the last time that mamatabanerjee was in delhi was before the 2019 lok sabha polls, when the tmc chief was playing an active part in the opposition formation of parties against the bjp-led nda, to work out a coordinated blow to the bjp, but with the poll results bringing back bjp with an improved majority in the lok sabha as compared to the last time, the opposition unity of parties fell apart.
;;0.296;;santiniketan: prime minister narendra modi and his bangladeshi counterpart shiekh hasina wazed and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee will share the dais during the inauguration of bangladesh bhawan at visva-bharati university in santiniketan on may 25.
;;0.1531;;we shall invite chief minister mamatabanerjee to both the events, sen said.
;;0.0;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee is going visit china soon, following a request from the ministry of external affairs.
;;0.0;;the lunch was attended by bsp chief mayawati trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee and rjd leader lalu prasad.
;;0.7684;;but, india failed at the last minute to stitch together a teesta river agreement with bangladesh after promising to do so, because the upa could not get west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to agree to the deal.
;;0.802;;serampore: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was greeted with 'jai shri ram' slogans by bjp supporters yet again when she visited mahesh area in hooghly district to inaugurate the 623-year-old ratha yatra festival on thursday.
;;0.0;;the slogan was heard from a section of the gathering as mamatabanerjee was alighting from the dais amidst chants of 'jai jagannath' over the public address system.
;;0.4404;;the bjp supporters, who had been cordoned off by the police even before the programme started, raised the slogan 'jai shri ram' as police escorted mamatabanerjee to the vehicle waiting for her and she was whisked away.
;;-0.9119;;co/yx97ahv6kc  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1526865005000solemnly and very fondly remembering former prime minister rajiv gandhi on his death anniversary  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1526868493000new delhi: paying homage to his father, rajiv gandhi, on his 27th death anniversary, congress president rahul gandhi on monday said that the former prime minister taught him that hate is a prison for those who carry it.
;;0.4767;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee paid her respect via a tweet.
;;0.25;;we thank the state government and in particular chief minister mamatabanerjee to listen to our demand and provide the people of the hills surplus ration of four months.
;;-0.3818;;chief minister mamatabanerjee , sources said, was annoyed when the mayor skipped a meeting on vector control presided by her.
;;0.2023;;west bengal cm mamatabanerjee has taken the lead in reaching out to trs, dmk and shiv sena, among others.
;;0.4019;;a trinamool insider said that mamatabanerjee called up dmk working president mk stalin on sunday and discussed ways of building a front of federal parties to take on the bjp led nda in the general elections.
;;0.1531;;union minister ys chowdhary of tdp also met mamatabanerjee during her visit to hyderabad to invite her for his daughters wedding.
;;-0.0772;;it was mamatabanerjee who initiated the idea of federal parties coming together to defeat bjp.
;;-0.296;;guwahati: bjp legislator shiladitya dev on friday accused west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee of trying to drive a wedge between the assamese and bengalis in assam by making baseless comments on the national register of citizens (nrc).
;;0.3612;;he added that mamatabanerjee had vociferously opposed the citizenship (amendment) bill, 2016, which proposes to grant citizenship to religious minorities from bangladesh, pakistan and afghanistan.
;;0.0;;kalyan mamatabanerjee recited 'durga path' after concluding his oath while his tmc colleague abu taher khan began his oath with 'bismillah, ar-rahman, ar- rahim' and ended with 'allahu akbar'.
;;0.836;;efforts have started even at the panchayat samity and gram panchayat levels to woo the 186 congress winners and 57-odd independents soon after chief minister mamatabanerjee dropped hints that many independents and even those from bjp were keeping in touch with her party.
;;-0.7845;;kolkata: the gunshot death of the kin of an independent candidate in the troubled zone of bhangar on friday, which came barely 24 hours after the calcutta high court compensation-for-violence clause on officials, prompted a damage-control exercise led by cm mamatabanerjee herself.
;;0.9001;;kolkata: buoyed by a 2,000-crore grant from the centre, chief minister mamatabanerjee took the festive cheer to bengal's most backward areas on christmas eve, announcing 27 new super-speciality hospitals, seven new health districts and a host of family welfare projects with emphasis on mother and child care.
;;0.0;;focus on health, family welfaremamata mamatabanerjee also added that health and family welfare would be areas of prime focus of her government.
;;0.4939;;a task force for mother and child care with dr tridib mamatabanerjee as its chairman has been formed.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee visited rajarhat on her way to writers' buildings after landing in kolkata from north bengal on tuesday and inspected the water bodies.
;;0.0;;before the assembly elections, mamatabanerjee had alleged that the water bodies were being filled at rajarhat.
;;0.0;;kolkata: purulia could be to bjp what singur and nandigram were to trinamool congress before mamatabanerjee came to power in 2011.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has also taken note of it.
;;0.0;;close to 50 women and children who are part of our puja will dance to our theme song sung by anupam roy, said sandipan mamatabanerjee , convenor of behala natun dal.
;;0.0;;several daises are being constructed for chief minister mamatabanerjee and other guests.
;;0.2023;;kolkata: jadavpur vidyapith headmaster rajendranath mondal and prominent academics on sunday appreciated the steps taken by chief minister mamatabanerjee in the teachers' assault incident.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee asserted that the nrc will not be implemented in west bengal.
;;-0.872;;read morekolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday during a programme of indian national trinamool trade union congress (inttuc) at the indoor stadium said that six people have died in the state only out of phobia for nrc, fearing what will happen if the national register of citizens is implemented here.
;;0.5574;;other opposition parties, barring the left, have no particular interest in seeing congress and rahul gandhi at the head of a challenge to bjp and pm narendra modi west bengal cm mamatabanerjee was the first to float the federal front concept and the idea is shared by those uncomfortable with rahul leading the pack.
;;0.5106;;when rahul replied to media questions in karnataka on whether he could be pm in 2019 by saying that he could be pm if congress got the numbers, mamatabanerjee was quick to refute it with a terse he is free to give his opinion.
;;-0.3182;;there remain contradictions within the players who could make up the federal front as mamatabanerjee herself in unlikely to see any accommodation with the left.
;;0.7003;;chief minister mamatabanerjee called up biswass widow, rupali, and promised her strong action.
;;-0.5859;;suppose i lodge an fir tomorrow claiming mamatabanerjee is involved with the abduction of a bjp worker in purulia.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 5, 2019mamata mamatabanerjee speaks to rajiv kumar, the commissioner of kolkata policedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.296;;kolkata: on may 20, 2011, just after being sworn in as the chief minister, mamatabanerjee had enquired about rajeev kumar, whom she had accused of snooping on opposition leaders before coming to power.
;;0.0772;;kolkata: the saffron tsunami in tripuras red citadel has posed a challenge to mamatabanerjee , who hit headlines seven years ago by devouring the left in west bengal in 2011.
;;0.1531;;this story is from november 20, 2018west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee greets andhra pradesh cm chandrababu naidu before a meeting at naba.
;;-0.296;;bengal cm mamatabanerjee met her andhra pradesh counterpart, n chandrababu naidu, at nabanna on monday evening, following which naidu briefed the media about the decision to defer the mahagathbandhan meeting from the initial date of november 22 to any day before the start of parliament's winter session on december 15.
;;0.0;;the two cms' dialogue lasted for about an hour in the afternoon, where mamatabanerjee raised questions over the mahagathbandhan meeting's timing when five states were in the middle of assembly polls.
;;0.4215;;cm mamatabanerjee urged her andhra pradesh counterpart chandrababu naidu to try and have all opposition leaders, including mayawati and akhilesh yadav, on board to put up a united face against the bjp.
;;0.4215;;united progressive alliance chairperson sonia gandhi later called mamatabanerjee , requesting her presence at the meet.
;;0.5267;;naidu chose to go along with mamatabanerjee , now a prominent face among anti-bjp forces, and agreed to the pre-winter session meeting to work out a common strategy against the bjp on the floor of the parliament.
;;0.0;;the union minister also said he would take up the issue with chief minister mamatabanerjee once she returns from her north bengal tour.
;;-0.3182;;kolkata: pilloried by the bjp for alleged appeasement politics, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is trying to shed her image of being only pro-minorities to regain the ground lost in the recent lok sabha elections.
;;0.7351;;the bjp played up the hindutva card in a big way and portrayed mamatabanerjee as pro-minority, a card which paid the party well at the hustings.
;;-0.4019;;the bjp had earlier carried out a high-pitch campaign against the mamatabanerjee government's decision to give monthly allowances to imams and muazzins of mosques, while ignoring the priests of temples.
;;-0.4019;;the mamatabanerjee government has also started acting on another issue raised by the bjp for long - that law keepers in kolkata were turning a blind eye to two-wheeler riders in minority-dominated areas breaking traffic rules by not wearing helmets and riding at breakneck speed, many times in intoxicated state.
;;0.0;;leader of the opposition and congress veteran abdul mannan said mamatabanerjee has tried to use the muslims only as a vote bank.
;;-0.3612;;cpi-m state secretariat member sujan chakraborty ridiculed mamatabanerjee for trying to portray herself as more hindu than other hindus and more muslim than muslims.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 15, 2019cm mamatabanerjee (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.1779;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee has asked the higher education department to form an umbrella committee that will adopt different colleges and universities and keep them updated with the latest syllabus and teaching modules, following the st xaviers model.
;;0.4939;;the word has been included in the gorkhaland territorial administration that stands integral to the tripartite agreement signed in 2011 in presence of then home minister p chidambaram, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and gjm president bimal gurung, bista said.
;;-0.765;;chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday took her battle to the maoist hinterland which, according to her, witnessed 42 murders in the past decade.
;;-0.8201;;she launched a vitriolic attack on the rebels yet again, but at the same breath mamatabanerjee also stressed she is willing to do all it takes to bring the rebels to the mainstream.
;;0.1027;;in saying, aami apnader case gulo dekhe debo (i will look after your cases), mamatabanerjee cleared her intent to the extent she was willing to accommodate them.
;;0.0;;a combative mamatabanerjee quizzed.
;;0.0;;according to reports, the chinese consulate had advised chief minister mamatabanerjee and governor mk narayanan to stay away from the fucntion tibet's exiled spiritual leader.
;;0.4445;;tmc mp derek o'brien, who attended the function, said chief minister mamatabanerjee would definitely have been present at the function if the condition of her mother was not serious.
;;-0.1779;;kolkata: the proposed inauguration of the national security guard (nsg) hub at badu near madhyamgram on wednesday by union home minister p chidambaram has been postponed as chief minister mamatabanerjee is touring north bengal and sikkim to asses the loss due to the earthquake.
;;-0.7184;;officials said that mamatabanerjee on tuesday called up chidambaram and requested him to postpone the inaugural programme because of the disaster.
;;0.1531;;the issue has rocked the state over the past few weeks after chief minister mamatabanerjee issued a diktat asking party leaders to return the 'cut money' they had taken from people.
;;-0.0346;;marking the 25th anniversary of the babri masjid demolition, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has called a rally at the maidan and it is a city in a strange overdrive, caught between a new generation that doesnt seem to get it and an entire community that cannot forget it.
;;0.0;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee will go on a nine-day visit to china from june 22.
;;0.0;;the chinese consulate in the city, which is facilitating the visit, confirmed mamatabanerjee would be visiting beijing and shanghai between june 22 and 30 and the itinerary was being finalised.
;;0.1027;;amid bjps cry over the state repeatedly denying landing rights to yogis helicopter since sunday, chief minister mamatabanerjee said from her dharna manch in the citys metro channel, we signed an agreement with a helicopter company sometime in january to hire its choppers for our party.
;;0.1779;;apprehensions of purulia and state bjp leaders about possible obstructions in the convoys path were set at rest with trinamool strongman abhisekh mamatabanerjee cancelling his planned visit to purulias aghorpur, near the purulia-bokaro border, to address a party meeting.
;;-0.1531;;taking exception to kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar sitting alongside chief minister mamatabanerjee on dharna on a political platform, singh told toi it was a clear violation of rule 3 (1a) of the all india services (conduct) rules, 1968, that require every member of the service to maintain political neutrality.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee put chief secretary malay de at the head of the panel, and kept six departmental secretaries in it, including the dgp and the kolkata police commissioner.
;;0.8481;;from the interaction between the central ministers and the cm, it was clear that even as they may create pressure on each other as coalition partners, they were in no mood to part ways as mamatabanerjee needs congress at the centre to facilitate a turnaround of the state and the grand old party too requires the key ally in all its strength to run upa-ii.
;;0.7269;;moving over from her ma, mati, manush slogan that she had coined to win bengal polls, mamatabanerjee on thursday coined a new one for her government  rising and resurgent bengal while inviting investors to develop infrastructure and industry in the state.
;;-0.2732;;a day after mamatabanerjee made her anger against coalition partner congress clear in a full- length interview on a tv channel, she seemed to be wooing the central ministers from congress to aide her in re-industrializing bengal after 34 years of left rule.
;;0.7783;;both ramesh and sharma assured mamatabanerjee of all logistical and infrastructural help to rebuild bengal industrially, and also made it clear that it was private investment that the state would have to depend on.
;;0.7351;;assuring full support to industrialists who invest in west bengal, mamatabanerjee sought to downplay the land acquisition issue in the state saying rs 56,000 crore worth of investment has come in the last six months, she said during an interactive session with industrialists and media.
;;0.5994;;if ramesh mentioned that the left had turned west bengal that led in terms of industry, education and all else, into waste bengal, sharma profusely praised mamatabanerjee , as his main concern was to woo her before the cabinet meeting on thursday that cleared fdi in retail.
;;0.0;;police is directly under chief minister mamatabanerjee .
;;0.0;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee congratulated h d kumaraswamy over the phone on saturday and later tweeted that the incumbent chief minister of karnataka had invited her to the oath-taking ceremony.
;;0.34;;didikebolo.com) to take their grievances directly to the states chief executive, chief minister mamatabanerjee the bengal cm announced the number and the website on monday as part of the public outreach programme, jan sanjog yatra, that she had promised during the martyrs day rally at esplanade on july 21.
;;0.6597;;the brain behind that campaign was prashant kishor, who was recently roped in by mamatabanerjee to help her party.
;;0.0516;;several other recent mamatabanerjee moves  reaching out to the opposition for the first time since 2011 and dealing patiently with salt lake trinamool rebel sabyasachi dutta at a recent programme in madhyamgram  have been attributed to kishors inputs.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee (file photo)new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has asked karnataka's hd kumaraswamy to hold his ground and not give in to the efforts of the bjp, sources said on thursday.
;;-0.765;;mamata mamatabanerjee , stung by defections herself with several of the trinamool congress mps and mlas joining the bjp, dialled the karnataka chief minister last evening and spoke to him over the political crisis in the state, the sources said.
;;0.1779;;they said it was during this conversation that mamatabanerjee suggested about the protest by opposition parties in parliament on thursday.
;;0.4019;;* the rally organised by aap chief arvind kejriwal will be attended by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu, former prime minister h d deve gowda, national conference (nc) leader farooq abdullah and nationalist congress party (ncp) chief sharad pawar, among others.
;;-0.296;;* the opposition is looking to attack the bjp on various issues, including the recent face-off between mamatabanerjee and the cbi, rafale and other issues at the rally at jantar mantar * aap leader gopal rai said, india is currently passing through a decisive phase.
;;-0.5574;;* tmc chief mamatabanerjee had hinted about the rally when she called off her protest against the misuse of power by the centre on february 5 and had said that she would take the fight to delhi.
;;-0.296;;kolkata: on may 20, 2011, just after being sworn in as the chief minister, mamatabanerjee had enquired about rajeev kumar, whom she had accused of snooping on opposition leaders before coming to power.
;;0.5267;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday singled out bjp and cpm as trinamool congress' primary opponents, increasing discomfiture in state congress ranks over her growing proximity to party chief sonia gandhi over the coming presidential polls.
;;0.6597;;this apart, chatterjee has assured chief minister mamatabanerjee that kmc would contribute to the riverfront beautification project.
;;0.0;;kolkata: four years ago, also on a february morning, chief minister mamatabanerjee had asked her personal aide ratan mukherjee to remove her belongings from a 181 south avenue apartment that had doubled as her delhi address.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee is monitoring the process herself.
;;0.0;;if the entire plot is handed over in december, we will have to start work after that, said indrani mamatabanerjee , cpro, metro railway.
;;0.5574;;kolkata: more than 80 crpf jawans continued to be posted at the cbi offices at cgo complex and nizam palace on tuesday even after chief minister mamatabanerjee called off her satyagraha after the supreme court order.
;;0.2732;;haldia/kolkata: mamatabanerjee may well have a shot in the arm on the industrial front ahead of the 2019 lok sabha election.
;;0.2732;;chief minister mamatabanerjee had requested chatterjee to invest further in mcpi plant and he had agreed to do that.
;;0.0516;;kolkata: peace on her lips, chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday announced that 46 political prisoners will be released from jail.
;;0.6369;;like every year, the event was inaugurated by chief minister mamatabanerjee was invited to this year's event and iskcon said that the actress was showing the way forward to achieving social harmony.
;;0.5859;;sporting a traditional look in a saree, 'mangalsutra' and bangles, the newly-wed trinamool mp took part in all the rituals along with mamatabanerjee and other dignitaries who participated in the chariot festival.
;;-0.8016;;co/s6rflcddcy  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1564564602000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday described the death of ccd owner v g siddhartha as very unfortunate.
;;-0.7264;;from what he has expressed (in his letter), it appears that he was greatly depressed due to harassment and pressure from different agencies for which he could not run his business in a peaceful manner, mamatabanerjee wrote on her facebook wall wednesday.
;;-0.2023;;all the opposition political parties are afraid of horse trading and harassment with political vendetta, mamatabanerjee stated extending her condolences to siddhartha's family members.
;;0.85;;my appeal to the government is that when you have been elected, you have to work in a peaceful manner so that people are confident and that political vendetta and agencies do not destroy the future of the country, mamatabanerjee wrote.
;;0.4767;;on her visit last november, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was impressed with what she learned about edinburghs tourist economy.
;;0.3612;;hakim said chief minister mamatabanerjee had called him during the day and asked him to take effective steps for the affected hawkers.
;;0.5499;;but, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is also on the same job of bringing various political parties on a single platform.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee is in touch with all senior leaders across the country.
;;0.3818;;chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata/singur: chief minister mamatabanerjee has iterated her governments commitment towards the welfare of singur farmers who helped her come to power in 2011.
;;0.5574;;today marks the third anniversary of the historic day when our govt of #bangla handed over to farmers the parchas of land forcibly acquired in singur, mamatabanerjee posted on her twitter handle on saturday morning to mark the third anniversary of the return of singur land acquired for setting up the nano factory following the supreme court order in 2016.
;;-0.3818;;the junior doctors stuck to their demand for the personal intervention of chief minister mamatabanerjee , who also holds the health portfolio, to address their grievances and arrange for proper security.
;;-0.296;;download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday accused the bjp-led centre of maligning the west bengal government over the madrassa issue.
;;-0.7506;;new delhi: taking cognisance of the ongoing nationwide protest by the medical fraternity over violence against doctors, union health minister harsh vardhan appealed to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to not make this a prestige issue and rather ensure an amicable end to the stir.
;;-0.3818;;vardhan said the mamatabanerjee must act in a sensitive manner in such a grave scenario.
;;-0.2732;;the idea is to grab public sentiment before trinamool chief mamatabanerjee takes the wind out of its sails through her return cut money message to tmc representatives.
;;0.34;;howrah/kolkata: foreign direct investment (fdi) in the retail sector will not be allowed in bengal, chief minister mamatabanerjee said on monday, hours after her party mps joined hands with dmk to oppose the move in parliament and step up pressure on the government to reverse its decision to allow 51  fdi in multi-brand retail and up to 100  in single-brand retail.
;;0.0;;all alignments were conceived and announced by chief minister mamatabanerjee back when she was the union railways minister in 2010-11.
;;0.1027;;ballia: an uttar pradesh bjp mla has warned west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to mend her ways or get ready to meet the same fate as former finance minister p chidambaram who is currently lodged in jail.
;;0.0258;;the statements made by mamatabanerjee against the nrc show that she is backed by foreign forces, singh told reporters here on saturday on the sidelines of a 'krishi mela'.
;;-0.5423;;it seems that mamatabanerjee is forgetting that bad days are approaching her.
;;0.0;;on september 13, mamatabanerjee took out a rally in kolkata against the nrc in assam after the final list was released on august 31 which left out 19 lakh people.
;;0.0;;singh, however, said: if mamatabanerjee wants to do politics by protecting the infiltrators from bangladesh then she should become the prime minister of bangladesh.
;;0.5994;;addressing a mega opposition rally hosted by trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee in kolkata, akhilesh said there was enough scope for other parties to join the alliance.
;;0.0;;it was from bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee .
;;0.0;;we have been talking for quite sometime and we both had a talk over the telephone with mamatabanerjee (chief minister of west bengal).
;;0.0;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee made a pitch for a change in marking by the state board while felicitating the rank holders of all boards, including wbjee toppers at netaji indoor stadium on monday.
;;0.0;;kolkata: a state-of-the art linear accelerator machine was inaugurated by chief minister mamatabanerjee at medical college hospital kolkata (mchk) via remote control on friday.
;;0.25;;chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: ten days after chief minister mamatabanerjee announced the sixth pay commission the cabinet approved the implementation with a revised pay that will see a hike of 14.
;;-0.1027;;addressing an organizational meeting of the state government employees at netaji indoor stadium on september 13 chief minister mamatabanerjee had announced hike in the minimum basic pay of state government employees.
;;0.0;;kanchrapara (west bengal): bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee hardened her stand against non-bengalis on friday when she said that speaking bengali is a must for those living in the state.
;;0.0;;the particular demographics of the area, particularly the language divide, was apparent along the 500-metre stretch leading to the meeting venue, which had a mix of bjp billboards with 'jai sri ram' slogans and pm narendra modi, along with hoardings featuring mamatabanerjee and her own slogans, 'jai bangla' and 'jai hind'.
;;0.0742;;however, unlike a fortnight ago, when mamatabanerjee lost her cool in bhatpara when a group of men chanted 'jai shri ram' slogan, mamatabanerjee did not stop her convoy to chastise bjp supporters who had gathered to raise the slogan.
;;0.6387;;say it sweetly here even though you may have to say it a little more strongly once you return to your campus), bengal cm mamatabanerjee told a team of 31 junior doctors, who represented their community, at a meeting in nabanna on monday evening.
;;-0.4019;;the doctors, who had adopted a strident posture against the administration for the initial police inaction against the kin of a bereaved patient at nrs last monday (the incident that triggered the stir) and then escalated the pitch after mamatabanerjee issued a stern warning of action against the strike during her visit to sskm hospital last thursday, relented in the face of some gentle persuasion and genuine-sounding assurances from the cm.
;;0.296;;gandhi will share the dais with chief minister mamatabanerjee , who will deliver the convocation address.
;;-0.4588;;trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee (pti photo)kolkata: initiating a major clean-up exercise in the ranks of her party, trinamool chief mamatabanerjee warned councillors on tuesday against taking cut money and kickbacks from government schemes, while also admitting of making mistakes in distribution of tickets, including one given to a father's son.
;;-0.5647;;i want to reach berhampore on wednesday to address a public meeting organised by the bjp, but the tmc government led by chief minister mamatabanerjee denied permission to us for landing our chopper in the state.
;;-0.4404;;who is mamatabanerjee scared of?
;;-0.1531;;with the threat of flood looming over malda, burdwan, hooghly and howrah, chief minister mamatabanerjee said at writers' buildings that the state is in touch with the centre on the situation for rescue work.
;;-0.6597;;police entered the troubled spot tracking cell phones of local trinamool leaders after chief minister mamatabanerjee ordered arrest of the culprits.
;;0.4939;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee will inaugurate the eighth edition of the park street christmas festival on december 21.
;;-0.3182;;kolkata: a tweet from meghalaya governor tathagata roy endorsing a boycott of everything kashmiri, including amarnath yatra, has drawn flak from chief minister mamatabanerjee the day after on wednesday.
;;-0.8442;;one section of political parties/groups along with people holding constitutional positions (are) indulging in rumour mongering, spreading hatred with dangerous statements, mamatabanerjee tweeted without naming roy.
;;-0.7351;;co/az8kpi96o0  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1564104660000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday paid her tribute to soldiers who had laid down their lives during the kargil war in 1999, as the nation observed the 20th anniversary of the conflict.
;;-0.7506;;earlier, chief minister mamatabanerjee spoke extensively about evoking fear by spreading bogus child-lifting scare.
;;-0.5574;;kolkata: gayatri devi, mother of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , died at a state-run hospital here on saturday.
;;0.0;;the law and order situation has also deteriorated, prompting chief minister mamatabanerjee to set up a police comissionerate for the asansol-durgapur region.
;;0.0;;releasing the first volume of the complete works of rabindranath tagore at town hall on friday, commemorating tagore's 150th birth anniversary, chief minister mamatabanerjee said it took only a record time of about four to five months for the team led by saoli mitra, who is heading the rabindra rachanabali committee, to come out with the first volume of tagore's complete works.
;;0.0;;governor m k narayanan, who was present as the chief guest, said that it was befitting that chief minister mamatabanerjee released the first volume of tagore's complete works.
;;-0.25;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has clearly stated that sarma was involved in the chit fund scam, assam congress spokesperson pradyut bordoloi told reporters.
;;-0.0772;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has time to visit those affected by the metro work at bowbazar, but she never even asked us to come to nabanna.
;;0.0;;addressing a public meeting at the indira priyardarshini municipal stadium, alongside west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and delhi cm arvind kejriwal , naidu said getting rid of modi is an imminent need.
;;0.0;;kolkata: union finance minister pranab mukherjee on sunday met chief minister mamatabanerjee at her kalighat home to condole her mother gayatri devi's demise.
;;0.0;;addressing the media after the cabinet meeting, chief minister mamatabanerjee said, after this revolutionary decision, people would not have to go to the blro office for mutation.
;;0.0;;the trs chief has already held talks with west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , odisha chief minister naveen patnaik, janata dal (united) leader and former prime minister hd deve gowda, former uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav and dmk leader mk stalin.
;;0.6597;;likewise, trinamool congress (tmc) led by mamatabanerjee , biju janata dal (bjd) in odisha helmed by naveen patnaik, and bahujan samajwadi party (bsp) driven by mayawati are some other parties that are running on individual charisma.
;;0.2023;;new delhi: a defiant mamatabanerjee on wednesday signalled a dare to the bjp-led centre when she said i will not wait for the shroud, the shroud will wait for me, addressing a rapturous crowd at the jantar mantar here.
;;-0.296;;now, no more, mamatabanerjee added.
;;0.0258;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee appears to have lost her cool and reprimanded karnatakas director general of police (dgp) for being made to walk to reach the vidhana soudha for hd kumaraswamys swearing-in ceremony yesterday, in a video shot by ani news agency.
;;-0.5267;;in the video, a visibly miffed mamatabanerjee can be seen expressing her unhappiness to dgp neelamani raju , upon arrival at the venue.
;;0.4404;;the placement report was discussed at the recent nadia district review meeting chaired by chief minister mamatabanerjee , who expressed her satisfaction.
;;0.3612;;mittal and ambani have verbally assured chief minister mamatabanerjee they would attend bgbs.
;;0.3678;;sources in the health department indicated that chief minister mamatabanerjee may write to the human resources and development ministry seeking intervention to ensure students taking the exam in bengali are not victimized over translation errors.
;;0.0;;kolkata: wipro chairman azim premji will meet chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday for the first time since trinamool congress-led coalition took over the reins of the state in may this year.
;;0.0;;co/uvrbhtppap  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1542158580000make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4939;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said care should be taken of the children as they are the future of our society.
;;0.7184;;on children's day , mamatabanerjee showered blessings on all children and said various schemes like 'sabuj shree' and ' shishu sathi ' have been rolled out by her government for their welfare.
;;0.4939;;we must take care of them, mamatabanerjee wrote on her twitter handle.
;;0.4404;;bjp has emerged as the main challenger for the ruling trinamool congress headed by chief minister mamatabanerjee in bengal, by pushing congress and left front to distant third and fourth positions respectively.
;;-0.3182;;observing that the state health budget has gone up to rs 8771crore from just rs 571crore eight years ago, mamatabanerjee admitted that misbehaviour and the greed for money was tarnishing the reputation of government hospitals.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 4, 2019mamata mamatabanerjee at the kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar's residencedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.5106;;this invited a strong rebuttal from mamatabanerjee and senior police officials.
;;-0.7096;;chief minister mamatabanerjee also forced an 'apparent unity' between her two warring mlas.
;;-0.4767;;interestingly, yogis landing site was changed from nagenmoad of chas block to barmasiya in neighbouring chandankyari block at the last moment as bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee was addressing a public meeting in an area which fell on the earlier route yogi was to take to enter bengal.
;;0.0;;work is complete and chief minister mamatabanerjee will inaugurate the skywalk on november 5.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee and other opposition leaders at tmcs brigade rally in kolkata on january 19.
;;0.3612;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee is likely to leave for new delhi on monday evening to attend a february 27 conclave of opposition parties to decide on a common agenda ahead of the 2019 lok sabha polls.
;;0.4019;;before that, mamatabanerjee is likely to address her senior party functionaries in the partys core-committee meeting at nazrul mancha here.
;;0.2023;;the trinamool leaders also believe congress should be integral to this formation and that is the reason why mamatabanerjee entrusted rahul with drafting the common agenda.
;;0.0;;according to sources, it was mamatabanerjee who had called up rahul requesting him to attend the february 13 meeting.
;;0.4019;;in kolkata, mamatabanerjee is likely to delve into poll-related issues because the address to her key party functionaries will be the last such ahead of polls.
;;0.34;;now, this enormous workload must be shared by abhishek mamatabanerjee , partha chatterjee, suvendu adhikari, firhad hakim and aroop biswas, the leader added.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee , speaking to a private television channel on sunday, wondered how arms and money were being brought into bengal.
;;0.0;;kolkata: the gulabi gang is set to vroom in on wednesday, with chief minister mamatabanerjee inaugurating pink cabs  all driven by women, who conquered many odds to drive their way through a male bastion .
;;-0.6705;;joining the chorus, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee alleged that the demonetisation move was initiated for the benefit of a handful of people, saying the common men were the worst sufferers.
;;0.6601;;the cabinet decision came against the backdrop of not just criticism from the left and bjp, but also resistance from allies such as trinamool and misgivings within the congress, reinforcing the estimate that the timing may have been influenced by the desire to shake off the perception of policy paralysis, government did not waver despite trinamool chief mamatabanerjee going public with her reservations and the uncertainty in congress circles over how the decision may play in poll-bound up and punjab where traders are an important constituency.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had gone public with her opposition to the move as soon as the proposal became common knowledge.
;;0.0;;in fact, commerce & industry minister anand sharma, who piloted the proposal, on thursday went on a wooing mission to the bengal day function where mamatabanerjee had come.
;;0.5106;;mousam noor in her short speech thanked chief minister mamatabanerjee for her support to the victims families.
;;0.3919;;download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: mamatabanerjee , the guardian-next-door  sometimes warm, sometimes stern but always concerned and caring  gave the biggest mid-term boost that mamatabanerjee , the chief minister, probably needed in her hour of crisis.
;;0.0387;;it was the same evening that doctors  and the rest of bengal  heard mamatabanerjee say (in an interview to a bengali news channel): behead me if you want but resume work.
;;0.8591;;mondays meeting found a vintage mamatabanerjee greeting the junior doctors: frank, warm, concerned about their safety and caring and, above all, having lots of patience.
;;-0.5719;;the majlis leaders talk about the poor condition of muslims, based on documents like the sachar committee report and attack both chief minister mamatabanerjee and bjp.
;;-0.2263;;aimim is making a foray into west bengal at a time when mamatabanerjee is under attack from bjp for what it calls the state governments 'appeasement policy' and fuelling a hindu-muslim divide in the eastern state that shares a porous border with bangladesh.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee would inaugurate the salboni plant on monday.
;;-0.8316;;meanwhile, the family of traffic accident victim goutam pal (34), who died at woodlands nursing home on tuesday, met chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday.
;;-0.2263;;kolkata: as chief minister mamatabanerjee announced on saturday that a whole lot of health projects would come up with central funds in 11 backward districts of the state, leaders of gorkha janmukti morcha, after a meeting with the cm and senior state government officials in kolkata, demanded that darjeeling be listed as a backward district.
;;0.0;;kolkata: on kalighat road adjoining harish chatterjee street where chief minister mamatabanerjee resides, a brawny bajrangbali has upstaged the dainty basanti and annapurna this year.
;;0.0;;situated less than 2km from the rally ground, it is expected to take some load off the rally venue that is expected to spill over on saturday when chief minister mamatabanerjee joins hands with several other national leaders to give a unity call for the narendra modi governments ouster.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee expressed her condolences.
;;0.0;;sources also indicated that even chief minister mamatabanerjee had taken up the issue at appropriate levels.
;;0.4939;;this story is from february 4, 2019west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee sits on her 'save the constitution' dharna.
;;-0.8271;;an all-out war broke out between the centre and the mamatabanerjee government on sunday, with the feisty west bengal leader beginning the sit-in protest in front of metro cinema over the issue.
;;0.6486;;samajwadi party leader kiranmoy nanda reached the dharna venue to express the party's solidarity with mamatabanerjee over the issue.
;;0.4019;;other national leaders such as congress president rahul gandhi, andhra pradesh chief minister m chandrababu naidu, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav spoke to mamatabanerjee on sunday night.
;;0.4588;;mumbai: ncp president sharad pawar said on saturday that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , her andhra pradesh counterpart chandrababu naidu and former uttar pradesh cm mayawati would be top contenders for the prime ministers post if the modi-led nda fails to secure a clear majority.
;;0.0;;indore: senior lawyer ram jethmalani on sunday predicted that a third force will soon emerge to counter bjp and it would be led by mamatabanerjee who'd become the next prime minister of this country.
;;0.431;;defending mamatabanerjee , he said the bengal cm may seem rude in speech but her intentions are good and she deserves to be the next pm.
;;-0.5106;;west bengal cm mamatabanerjee (toi photo)kolkata: iterating that the centre must ensure no genuine indians are left out of the nrc , west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday said she was shocked to find out that one lakh people of the gorkha community have been excluded from the list.
;;0.765;;the government must take care that genuine indians are not left out and justice is meted out to all of our genuine indian brothers and sisters, mamatabanerjee added.
;;-0.3818;;co/dkdsyet9vp  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1566488719000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday expressed shock over the demolition of a guru ravidas temple in new delhi.
;;-0.5106;;we are shocked that the guru ravidas temple in delhi was demolished and understand his supporters' anguish, as the guru had himself visited and stayed there, mamatabanerjee wrote on her twitter handle this evening.
;;-0.3182;;the shrine symbolises the dalits' struggle for their rights and must be rebuilt, mamatabanerjee added.
;;0.3182;;this story is from november 21, 2018cm mamatabanerjee (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday formed an 11-member committee headed by chief secretary moloy de to strengthen the states anti-spitting drive home secretary atri bhattacharya, director general virendra and kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar and kmc commissioner khalil ahmed, along with the department heads of environment, urban development, health, housing and transport, will be part of the panel we have seen people polluting public places by spitting and throwing garbage.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday clarified that her government planned to construct dining halls in all state-run and aided schools.
;;-0.3453;;the decision to reduce the fees comes after chief minister mamatabanerjee was requested from several quarters including the small and medium scale businessman that the steep rise of this mandatory one time fees to get the fire licence is becoming a huge problem.
;;-0.4767;;image used for representational purposedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee said in the assembly on wednesday her government would recruit more than 33,000 people to fill posts lying vacant after retirement of a number of employees.
;;0.0;;kolkata: bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday gave a jolt to cpm by deciding to back congress candidate abhishek manu singhvi in the rajya sabha polls.
;;0.0;;kolkata: bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee wants the congress-jd(s) alliance to be allowed to form a government in karnataka.
;;-0.6369;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: more than 10,000 people have been affected with dengue of which 17 people have died, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said in the state assembly.
;;0.1531;;hasina had tied the inauguration of the bangladesh bhavan to the teesta deal, but in recent months she has done a rethink after it became clear that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is in no mood to relent.
;;0.0;;the move comes a day after chief minister mamatabanerjee formed an 11-member committee  headed by chief secretary moloy de  and tasked it with suggesting stricter measures to check spitting and littering at public places.
;;0.1531;;time and again, mamatabanerjee has expressed her displeasure over malpractices that derails the citys cleanliness and beautification drives.
;;-0.5994;;kolkata/new delhi: the kolkata police-cbi tussle refuses to die down, with the ministry of home affairs (mha) on tuesday asking west bengal chief secretary malay de to initiate disciplinary proceedings against city police chief rajeev kumar for attending chief minister mamatabanerjee 's dharna on sunday.
;;-0.6249;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday said that demonetisation was a disaster for the country on its second anniversary.
;;0.0;;from the moment it was announced i said so, mamatabanerjee wrote on her twitter handle.
;;0.0;;west bengal cm mamatabanerjee with pm narendra modi (ap)new delhi: after her first meeting with prime minister narendra modi in his second term in office, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday is likely to meet with home minister amit shah on thursday before she leaves for kolkata.
;;-0.9042;;the meeting with the prime minister and the one with shah is being seen as a move that could lower tempers on both sides, at a time when the battle for bengal between banerjees trinamool congress and bjp has peaked with mamatabanerjee emerging as one of the harshest critics of the modi government.
;;0.2023;;soon after sec announcement, chief minister mamatabanerjee held a meeting with panchayat minister subrata mukherjee at nabanna to take stock of the ongoing development works and fine tune the partys campaign points.
;;0.5423;;a section of the kmc water supply department conceded that the initiative was being taken to tackle water scarcity after chief minister mamatabanerjee asked new mayor firhad hakim to ensure adequate supply of filtered water to these areas.
;;-0.4215;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee wrote to prime minister narendra modi on friday protesting against the centre's unilateral decision to merge two public sector banks headquartered in the city without consulting the state government.
;;-0.5106;;busy fire-fighting on issues like gorkhaland agitation, communal flare-up or scams, chief minister mamatabanerjee also took up cudgels against the bjp the year also saw her man friday mukul roy quitting the trinamool congress and joining the bjp.
;;-0.6124;;the communal flare-up had triggered an unprecedented verbal duel between mamatabanerjee and state governor k n tripathi with the latter accusing her of not doing enough to control the riots.
;;0.4019;;the exit of roy, once a close aide of mamatabanerjee , from the tmc and his joining the bjp was another development in the state's political arena, where the saffron party is trying to make inroads.
;;0.8225;;the youngest grandson of mahatma gandhi, who has always been seen as a supporter of mamatabanerjee , the former bureaucrat said that chief minister has a great role to play and has a lot of responsibility.
;;0.7184;;he said that mamatabanerjee and bengal can be the torch-bearer of liberty, democracy and keep the republicanism alive in the country.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee who was present to deliver the convocation address too didnt spoke out against the ongoing controversy involving changes in study of history in several states.
;;-0.6249;;earlier, the agitators had insisted that chief minister mamatabanerjee visit the city's nrs medical college and hospital, the epicentre of the agitation.
;;0.2617;;after an internal meeting late on saturday, the doctors, who had turned down an invite for a closed-door meeting with mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat, mellowed down and stated that they were ready to hold a dialogue in any form, but the venue of the meeting would be decided later.
;;-0.25;;during a press conference at the state secretariat on saturday, mamatabanerjee urged the agitators to resume work and said her government had accepted all of their demands.
;;0.5719;;bengal governor k n tripathi has written to mamatabanerjee , advising her to take immediate steps to provide security to the medicos and find out a solution to the impasse.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee and union minister babul supriyo had to intervene to end the stand-off and work restarted in april, 2009.
;;-0.8047;;trinamool chief and bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee will call on congress president sonia gandhi in delhi on tuesday, reportedly to find common ground on a united non-bjp candidate for the presidential polls, but the delhi entente has evidently failed to end the bitter rivalry at the ground level.
;;0.6597;;taking the cue from chief minister mamatabanerjee who told the day after the results that a lot of the elected independents and bjp representatives are keeping in touch with her party, trinamool's midnapore unit president ajit maity said: many independents in our district belong to our party.
;;-0.296;;chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday asserted that people have the right to know what happened to netaji, while remembering the son of the soil on the day he reportedly went missing 74 years ago.
;;0.6249;;people have a right to know about the great son of the soil, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
;;0.4215;;sources from the state secretariat said that chief minister mamatabanerjee held a review meeting at nabanna on friday to take stock of the progress of work at central park, which was followed by a review meeting by officials of the urban development department, kmda and police on saturday.
;;0.4019;;chief minister mamatabanerjee said a special research wing has been formed to study the evolution of vector in general with a focus on mosquito.
;;0.0;;over 20 leaders, including two from the congress, attended the show of unity organised by trinamool congress leader and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee the bjp government has crossed its expiry date, she said.
;;0.0;;cm mamatabanerjee organised a press conferencein kolkata, and launch didi ke bolo website and a contact numbe.
;;0.6908;;read morekolkata: days after launching a website and a helpline to address people's woes, the trinamool congress on friday started a new online campaign to give netizens an opportunity to express why they were proud of chief minister mamatabanerjee with hashtag 'amar gorbo mamata' (mamata, my pride) on a twitter page of the same name, the party aims to seek feedback on the development work it has carried out over the past eight years, a senior tmc leader said.
;;-0.3818;;the decision was taken at an emergency meeting at chief minister mamatabanerjee 's residence monday afternoon.
;;-0.1027;;co/suivmqmlre  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1567837872000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday said the isro scientists worked hard for chandrayaan-2 mission and the nation is with them.
;;0.34;;* government officials and sources in the jd(s) said congress president rahul gandhi, his mother and upa chairperson sonia gandhi, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , n chandrababu naidu, arvind kejriwal and pinarayi vijayan, her counterparts in andhra pradesh, delhi and kerala respectively, are among those likely to be present.
;;0.4019;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee took to twitter to wish the dravidian leader a long life.
;;0.0258;;he appealed to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to not make this sensitive matter a prestige issue and said that he will write to her in this regard.
;;0.5574;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday took out a rally in north kolkata to protest against nrc in assam the tmc supremo along with her party colleagues began her march from sinthee more in the northern fringes of the city around 3 pm.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 25, 2018west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (pti)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.2263;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday remembered former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee on his 94th birth anniversary and hailed him as a statesman who rose above partisan politics.
;;-0.1531;;we miss him a lot, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
;;0.0;;on the possibility of introducing long-haul international flights from kolkata and possible direct connectivity with europe, something that chief minister mamatabanerjee had been requesting ai for sometime, the executive said it was under consideration.
;;0.4939;;mamata mamatabanerjee at the meeting on fridaykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday announced a 150  increase in grants  from rs 10,000 to rs 25,000  to durga puja committees this year, in a move thats expected to cost the state exchequer rs 70 crore, up from last years rs 42 crore.
;;-0.0572;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee doesn't want the opposition to announce its candidate for the coming presidential polls before the bjp-led nda announces its nominee for the polls.
;;0.4019;;yet, mamatabanerjee is leaving for delhi on wednesday with an eye on forging an common understanding with the opposition parties beyond the presidential polls.
;;0.7269;;what's more, mamatabanerjee wants to keep the congress high command in good humour so that it reconsiders its proposal of backing cpm's general secretary sitaram yechury for a second term in rajya sabha.
;;-0.5991;;according to tmc sources, mamatabanerjee isn't happy with the election commission's decision to postpone the june 8 rajya sabha polls.
;;0.8807;;it became all too apparent on tuesday when congress mlas decided to move a no-confidence motion against the mamatabanerjee government along with the left front in the ongoing assembly session, in what is being interpreted as its strongest signal to the party high command on which party its loyalties lie with.
;;-0.3818;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday  a day before the proposed bus strike  announced a hike in fares, leaving operators with no choice but to roll back the strike.
;;-0.4019;;behrampore: just a few days after trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee upped the ante against the congress-led upa government over the hike in petro prices, congress - the trinamool ally in west bengal - planned a stir against the state government's decision to expedite development work by bureaucrats, ignoring the elected local bodies.
;;0.0;;he clarified that the state congress was not going a whole hog against the mamatabanerjee government.
;;0.25;;immediately after bandyopadhyay was granted bail by orissa high court on friday, chief minister mamatabanerjee had raised concerns about his health and suggested he take rest for sometime.
;;-0.9432;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee wants the centre to announce a 72-hour mourning in memory of the crpf jawans killed in a suicide attack at pulwama in jammu on thursday.
;;-0.9349;;condemning the terror attack, mamatabanerjee clarified she stood by the centre in this hour of crisis and would endorse its steps as she had done after the pathankot or mumbai terror strikes.
;;0.3612;;chief minister mamatabanerjee is reportedly ready to offer alternative land to sri aurobindo samity, members of which have written to governor k n tripathi.
;;0.0;;during their kolkata meeting on may 26, mamatabanerjee had offered land in rajarhat to set up a museum in the memory of sheikh hasinas father bangabandhu mujibur rahaman.
;;0.0258;;the bus passengers had participated in the trinamools international womens day meeting addressed by chief minister mamatabanerjee near the gandhi statue in howrah the injured were later rescued by police and taken to howrah district hospital.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 9, 2019cm mamatabanerjee inagurates the 1 km one-way race-course bound ramp connecting maa flyover with ajc bose roa.
;;-0.296;;the inauguration of the 1 km long arm connecting park circus-bound flank of maa flyover to race course bound flank of ajc bose road flyover on friday evening by chief minister mamatabanerjee will enable motorists and commuters to avoid traffic snarls at park circus seven-point crossing and circus avenue, saving 10-20 minutes travel time depending on the hour of travel.
;;0.0644;;training his guns on the cm, soumitra khan said tmc was no longer a party but a private company of mamatabanerjee and her nephew abhishek.
;;-0.128;;sources said chief minister mamatabanerjee , who looks after the home department, was herself keen to create a state-of-the-art cyber cell that would keep a tab on social media, customize software and maintain a liaison with the union home ministry and internet service providers to control information flow during a crisis.
;;-0.25;;the demand of left front legislature party leader sujan chakraborty that an adjournment motion be brought in and a discussion held on the matter was rejected by speaker biman mamatabanerjee , prompting the left front and congress legislators to walk out after shouting anti-government slogans.
;;0.3818;;ten eminent personalities of the state had written an open letter to chief minister mamatabanerjee on august 20 over the incident, urging her government to resolve the issue in a democratic manner.
;;0.0;;i need to speak with chief minister mamatabanerjee if the centre brings any proposal, the state education minister said.
;;-0.6808;;doctorsbengaldoctorsdoctorsdoctorsbengaldoctorsdoctorsdoctorsbengaldoctorsbengaldoctorsdoctorsdoctorsdoctorsdoctorsdoctorsdoctorsdoctorskolkata: agitating juniorin westfriday were in no mood to relent as they demanded chief minister mamatabanerjee 's unconditional apology and set six conditions to the administration for withdrawal of their stir, which has disrupted healthcare services in the state and spiralled to other parts of the country.
;;-0.2617;;late in the evening, mamatabanerjee met the seniorand later invited the agitators for talks on saturday but they declined the offer.
;;0.128;;we want unconditional apology of chief minister mamatabanerjee for the manner in which she had addressed us at the sskm hospital yesterday.
;;0.3612;;as the medical fraternity from across the country began to rally behind theircolleagues, union health minister harsh vardhan urged mamatabanerjee not to make this sensitive matter a prestige issue but ensure an amicable end to the stir, which entered the fourth day friday.
;;-0.4215;;governor keshari nath tripathi said he called up mamatabanerjee to discuss the issue but got no response from her.
;;-0.7351;;listing the six conditions, the agitators said mamatabanerjee will have to visit the injuredat the hospital and her office should release a statement condemning the attack on them.
;;-0.6908;;while visiting the sskm hospital on thursday, mamatabanerjee had contended that outsiders had entered medical colleges to create disturbances and the agitation was a conspiracy by the cpi(m) and the bjp.
;;0.0;;among them were banerjee's nephew abesh mamatabanerjee , state urban development minister firhad hakim's daughter shabba and son of tmc mp kakoli ghosh dastidar.
;;0.3182;;co/o34oxht58h  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1564363860000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday said her government has been taking steps to increase the population of tigers in the state.
;;-0.7184;;serampore: the rishra college girl, who mustered the courage to complain against alleged molestation and assault by the general secretary of her institutions trinamool chhatra parishad tmcp )- run students union, met chief minister mamatabanerjee at her kalighat residence on friday.
;;0.3182;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citydakshineswar: chief minister mamatabanerjee gifted the countrys first skywalk to dakshinweswar temple on monday and named it after rani rashmoni, the temples founder and a prominent figure of the bengal rennaisance.
;;0.0;;while speaking on the occasion, mamatabanerjee mentioned about her botched-up chicago tour during the 125th anniversary of swami vivekanandas chicago speech.
;;-0.4019;;after the cbi officials were released by kolkata police, mamatabanerjee started protest outside the police chief's residence in kolkata accusing the cbi of a witch-hunt.
;;-0.5574;;jaitley said that it would be a gross error to assume that mamatabanerjee invited opposition leaders to join her on the dharna because of a routine investigation involving a police officer.
;;0.0772;;calling the opposition, including mamatabanerjee , the new kleptocrats club, jaitley said that most of the opposition leaders or their affiliates supporting mamatabanerjee are today being investigated, prosecuted and in some cases have also been convicted for crimes of corruption.
;;0.5574;;belagavi: the image of swami vivekananda is so tall now that from prime minister narendra modi to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , no political leader in the country can escape from the shadow of the great monk, said swami suviranandaji maharaj, general secretary of belur math, kolkata, headquarter of ramakrishna mission and ramakrishna math.
;;0.5574;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday claimed moral victory over the supreme court order and called off her 70-hour satyagraha in the evening in the presence of tdp chief chandrababu naidu.
;;-0.34;;tomorrow they will say arrest mamatabanerjee because she wears hawai chappals.
;;-0.4404;;co/z4wj0qpgpp  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1565573400000our state #bangla has brought down unemployment by 45 .
;;-0.296;;co/bjqmxmnrou  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1565573460000kolkata: a day after slamming the centre for highest unemployment rate in the country in 45 years, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday urged the youngsters to raise questions on growing joblessness.
;;0.0;;the government appeared rudderless for most part of the day, with chief minister mamatabanerjee  who had been belligerent during her visit to sskm on thursday  maintaining a studied silence.
;;-0.25;;the cms nephew, abesh mamatabanerjee , a medical student at a private hospital, was seen leading a protest.
;;-0.25;;the cms nephew, abesh mamatabanerjee , a medical student at a private hospital, was seen leading a protest.
;;-0.4019;;sensing trouble, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee sent a three-member ministerial delegation to assam comprising firhad hakim, gautam deb, and rabindranath ghosh two months ago on april 11.
;;0.0;;the mamatabanerjee government is keeping its doors open for the bengali-speaking population if assam puts a foreigner tag on them.
;;0.0;;kolkata: the cpm on thursday decided to field its student wing general secretary ritabrata mamatabanerjee against trinamool's subrata bakshi in the kolkata south lok sabha bypolls to be held on november 30.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee had only a day before announced bakshi's nomination from the seat which she held earlier.
;;-0.0258;;the seat had fallen vacant after mamatabanerjee resigned from lok sabha after winning the bhowanipore assmebly bypolls on september 28.
;;0.5719;;mamata mamatabanerjee won the poll by 2,19,541 votes getting a whopping a 57.
;;-0.6705;;on tuesday, members of the usdf carried placards against chief minister mamatabanerjee for 'not allowing the construction of a martyr's column for those killed in singur, nandigram and lalgarh'.
;;-0.3532;;they shouted slogans alleging that the mamatabanerjee government was being 'unnecessarily harsh' on the people of jangalmahal and that many innocent people were still languishing in jails despite her pre-election promise to free all political prisoners.
;;-0.25;;this is not the first time that pro-maoist organizations have held protest rallies against mamatabanerjee since she came to power.
;;0.0;;hyderabad: chief minister k chandrasekhar rao will not attend the mega opposition rally being held by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee in kolkata on saturday.
;;0.0;;in fact, the first person he met was mamatabanerjee herself.
;;0.3818;;though mamatabanerjee had made that clear, kcr met her for the second time in december last year.
;;0.0;;it is learnt that jaganmohan reddy has not been extended an invitation by mamatabanerjee for the kolkata rally.
;;0.0;;west bengals new governor jagdeep dhankar (centre) at raj bhavan, in kolkatathdownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: west bengals new governor jagdeep dhankar was sworn in at raj bhawan in presence of chief minister mamatabanerjee , her senior ministerial colleagues and senior bureaucrats of the state.
;;0.0258;;after the swearing in ceremony, chief minister mamatabanerjee greeted the governor with a bouquet of flowers.
;;0.6808;;however, the reaction of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and samajwadi party supremo akhilesh yadav were different before and after the chandrayaan-2 setback.
;;-0.0516;;on september 6, mamatabanerjee criticised the bjp for taking the credit of chandrayaan-2 moon mission.
;;-0.6652;;but the tone and tenor of both mamatabanerjee and akhilesh yadav changed after the fiasco.
;;0.1531;;chief minister mamatabanerjee will take the final call and the decision of bengal government will have to be ratified by the state cabinet, said the source.
;;0.9509;;on friday, while inaugurating the kolkata christmas festival on park street, chief minister mamatabanerjee had spoken about the freedom of every community to observe their traditions, worship their god and celebrate their festivals.
;;0.5267;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday took oath as member of the state legislative assembly to officially enter the house nearly two months after winning a by-poll.
;;0.0;;speaker biman mamatabanerjee administered the oath of office and secrecy to mamatabanerjee at the nausher ali hall where deputy speaker sonali guha, besides some cabinet ministers, leader of opposition suryakanta mishra, some left front members and union minister of state for urban development saugata roy were present.
;;0.0;;along with mamatabanerjee , trinamool congress' a t m abdullah, who was elected to the house from basirhat (north) constituency, also took oath as member of the assembly.
;;0.0;;mishra congratulated mamatabanerjee after her swearing-in and presented her a bouquet which she reciprocated.
;;0.0;;it was mamatabanerjee banerjee's official entry into the house after she humbled cpi(m)'s nandini mukherjee by over 54,000 votes in the by-election from bhowanipore constituency on september 28.
;;-0.25;;the seat fell vacant after subrata bakshi, transport minister, resigned to pave the way for mamatabanerjee to contest the election.
;;0.5106;;it was mamatabanerjee who had thought of beautifying the banks along howrah for the simple reason that the other part of the river - beside kolkata - was being given an uplift in a big way.
;;0.25;;the ally, which has been causing some anxiety to the government, revived its opposition on wednesday after party boss and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said the amendment did not address her concern.
;;0.0478;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said the interim budget has absolutely no value as the term of the nda government would end soon.
;;0.4767;;lucknow: having fought the recent lok sabha byelections in up along with bahujan samaj party (bsp), samajwadi party national president akhilesh yadavhas said that he was open to the idea of a broader alliance at the national level, an idea mooted by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and others.
;;0.0;;on the issue of a pan-india anti-bjp alliance, the sp chief confirmed that he has had discussions with mamatabanerjee and he will be a part of that coalition if it comes into being after the general elections.
;;-0.1027;;add to this factors such as the trinamool governments failure to create jobs and revive industry in the state, plus the vacuum created by the failure of leftist ideology, and there is growing disenchantment even among those who had voted for mamatabanerjee to end three decades of left front rule in bengal.
;;0.0;;the development comes at a time when the state government, led by chief minister mamatabanerjee , has begun a campaign to go green.
;;-0.2263;;co/p3jjqdyx0i  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1567391700000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday said she was sad to see that the values endorsed by india's founding fathers were being undermined on this day in 1946, the interim government of undivided india was formed, which functioned till august 1947.
;;-0.4939;;i am saddened to see that many of the values our founding fathers stood for are being undermined, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
;;-0.4678;;west bengal governor keshari nath tripathikolkata: west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi on friday said he called up chief minister mamatabanerjee to discuss the issue of junior doctors' strike but got no response from her.
;;0.296;;tmc chief and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had earlier raised questions over the electronic voting machines (evms) used in the polls and urged opposition parties to unitedly demand the return of ballot papers.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee had nominated my wife as the candidate.
;;0.7184;;the mamatabanerjee government on friday raised the maximum eligibility age for group c and d jobs by three years, a decision the chief minister termed revolutionary and hoped would benefit many deprived of a livelihood by party politics .
;;0.3252;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday said vocational training would be made a part of the school curriculum so that students don't have to waste a year to get that training for a job.
;;0.0258;;state fire services minister jawed khan later assured to speak with chief minister mamatabanerjee for compensating the family.
;;0.6601;;the cabinet decision came against the backdrop of not just criticism from the left and bjp, but also resistance from allies such as trinamool and misgivings within the congress, reinforcing the estimate that the timing may have been influenced by the desire to shake off the perception of policy paralysis, the government did not waver despite trinamool chief mamatabanerjee going public with her reservations and uncertainty in congress circles over how the decision may play in poll-bound up and punjab where traders are an important constituency.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had gone public with her opposition to the move as soon as the proposal became common knowledge.
;;0.0;;in fact, commerce & industry minister anand sharma, who piloted the proposal, on thursday went on a wooing mission to the bengal day function where mamatabanerjee had come.
;;0.0;;stalin had also written letters to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , whom kcr had met recently, in connection with the formation of a federal front.
;;0.34;;the commission, which was formed by chief minister mamatabanerjee to roll out a formula to curb the ever-increasing private school fees, will now look into the security measures adopted by them.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee will attend the formal inauguration programme.
;;0.6597;;(ani)kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said on tuesday that the india and bangladesh governments should resolve the long-standing issue of sharing waters of the atreyee river, the lifeline of south dinajpur district.
;;-0.5719;;last tuesday, mamatabanerjee had contended that bangladesh was hurt over the teesta dispute, saying she would have shared water from the river with the neighbouring country had the situation been favourable.
;;0.0;;hitting out at west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee for her 'didike bolo' reachout programme, chouhan said, mamataji can't listen to anyone.
;;-0.25;;earlier in the day, chief minister mamatabanerjee ran into a wave of protest during an unannounced visit to the amri hospital.
;;-0.5994;;panicked by rumours of an impending closure, the hospital staff rushed at mamatabanerjee demanding rehabilitation.
;;-0.2732;;the hospital employees beat journalists after mamatabanerjee left and blocked dhakuria bridge, triggering a fistfight with residents of the nearby panchanantala slum.
;;0.25;;chief minister mamatabanerjee had to intervene into the matter, and the strike was eventually withdrawn following her assurance.
;;0.4939;;this story is from february 4, 2019didigiri: kolkata cops push a cbi officer into a van outside the residence of the police commissioner on sunday night (left); west bengal cm mamatabanerjee sits on a 'save the constitution' dharnaalso read:make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.5106;;this invited a strong rebuttal from mamatabanerjee and senior police officials.
;;-0.3818;;minister adhikari though said chief minister mamatabanerjee had held a high-level meeting and that a committee, headed by the chief secretary, was working on a road map to battle pollution in the long term.
;;0.0;;union minister smriti iranikolkata: union minister smriti irani on tuesday took on chief minister mamatabanerjee for her opposition to the national register of citizens (nrc) exercise and writing to the pm on the future of around 10,500 employees in two nationalised banks headquartered in kolkata following bank mergers.
;;-0.6369;;centre's notification banning the sale of animals for slaughter +undemocratic, unconstitutional and unethical +tamil nadu witnessed fitful protests +the countrywide chorus against theat livestock markets and animal fairs grew louder on monday, with chief minister mamatabanerjee saying west bengal will not implement the new rules and kerala writing to all cms to oppose the new regulations.
;;0.0;;after mamatabanerjee became the chief minister in 2011, she asked the centre for partial funding of the project.
;;0.5267;;the government will extend whatever help it requires, said chief minster mamatabanerjee , who attended the thursday function along with the president.
;;0.0;;according to department sources, the minister wants the ramp to be inaugurated by chief minister mamatabanerjee on her way to the bengal global business summit.
;;0.0;;kolkata: bjps reverses in the up lok sabha bypolls, particularly in cm yogi adityanath and his deputys home turfs, have come as a shot in the arm for trinamool chief mamatabanerjee , who has already emerged as a credible mascot of the anti-bjp forum at the national level.
;;0.6249;;this is a great victory, mamatabanerjee tweeted, while bjp candidates were trailing in gorakhpur and phulpur constituencies in up and the solitary araria lok sabha seat in bihar.
;;0.0;;according to trinamool sources, mamatabanerjee had been instrumental in the sp and bsp alliance that devoured bjp in the hindi heartland.
;;0.0;;since then, mamatabanerjee has been in touch with all senior leaders in the country, from sharad pawar to akhilesh yadav and mayawati, and from lalu prasad to farooq abdullah.
;;0.0;;the decisions indicate mamatabanerjee is trying to carve out a formation against bjp independent of congress.
;;0.1901;;moves by opposition leaders like trinamool chief mamatabanerjee and trs chief k c rao to form a federal front come across as a parallel exercise but not necessarily at odds with sonias efforts.
;;0.0;;some opposition leaders feel mamatabanerjee has signalled that she is peeved with congress for not involving her in the north-east campaign or in the earlier gujarat election but congress will remain part of the scheme of things.
;;-0.0258;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee 's nephew abesh mamatabanerjee , who is a medical student, on friday came out in support of the protesting doctors at the state-run hospitals.
;;0.0;;abesh mamatabanerjee , whose facebook bio describes him as the president of kpc medical college and hospital, was seen at a rally holding a placard that read: you say we are gods!
;;0.0;;dr abesh mamatabanerjee , nephew of mamatabanerjee at kpc hospital kolkata!
;;0.0;;till then mamatabanerjee had remained silent on the issue.
;;-0.6597;;mamata mamatabanerjee (file photo)new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday said the arrest of p chidambaram was depressing and alleged that the judiciary was not coming to the help of a crying democratic system.
;;-0.5859;;in her first reaction after chidambaram's arrest on wednesday evening, mamatabanerjee quoted rabindranath tagore and said the message of justice is crying silently in isolation.
;;0.4019;;new delhi: congress president rahul gandhi on friday extended support to tmc chief and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee ahead of her mega opposition rally scheduled on saturday.
;;-0.4019;;kolkata: mayor sovan chatterjees marital discord was the talk of the town on wednesday while chief minister mamatabanerjee was away in darjeeling for the first hill business summit.
;;0.34;;mamata mamatabanerjee instructs one of her security personnel to park the nine-vehicle convoy on the roadside at teghoria on thursday.
;;0.5106;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday got out of her car and rebuked traffic cops posted at teghoria crossing on vip road for halting traffic on the service roads and the main thoroughfare to facilitate smooth movement of her convoy.
;;-0.0258;;chief minister mamatabanerjee , too, had repeatedly been speaking of tougher laws on lynching and rumour mongering.
;;0.0;;kolkata: handle situations with tact instead of firearms and lathis, chief minister mamatabanerjee told the men in uniform during the ceremonial parade of kolkata police at jadavpur's kishore bharati stadium on tuesday.
;;-0.2263;;the policy pirouette that spoilt congress's number game and put bsp and sp under pressure covert their stated opposition to the bill into a vote against it on the floor of house came after trinamool chief mamatabanerjee felt that her colleagues in the lok sabha erred in concluding that an amendment offered by government had the concern about erosion of rights of states.
;;-0.3612;;faced with boss's anger trinamool chief whip in the lok sabha, kalyan mamatabanerjee has offered to quit and chances her that mamatabanerjee may accept his resignation.
;;0.1114;;however, kalyan mamatabanerjee and the leader of trinamool in the lok sabha, sudip bandhopadhyaya gave up the resistance after government agreed to amend the bill to state that the lokayukta provision will not come into force without the prior consent of states.
;;-0.6908;;when an angry mamatabanerjee communicated her displeasure to bandopadhyay and kalyan the next day, kalyan offered to resign from his post of the chief whip in the lok sabha.
;;0.1779;;after the goof-up in the lok sabha upset mamatabanerjee , the tmc team in the rajya sabha performed in tune with the wishes of the leadership on thursday, led by party leader in rajya sabha mukul roy and new tmc mps derek o'brien and sukhendu sekhar ray.
;;-0.7469;;the tmc's rajya sabha mps were in constant with mamatabanerjee during the course of the rajya sabha debate and the developments on thursday, but the lack of communication from team mamatabanerjee in the lok sabha has upset her.
;;0.2023;;with her trusted aide subrata bakshi replacing her in the lok sabha seat recently, mamatabanerjee is not averse to the idea of replacing her party's lok sabha leadership if kalyan resigns from his post.
;;0.0258;;why is kcr silent now when political leaders from non-bjp ruled states have extended their support to mamatabanerjee in her fight against the narendra modi-government.
;;0.6597;;stating that kcr should have stood by mamatabanerjee when she needed the support of non-bjp ruled states, the congress campaigner appealed to people to wake up and realise that kcr will ultimately support bjp if they give their votes to trs in the ensuing lok sabha elections people gave their mandate to kcr-led trs in recent elections.
;;0.0;;while governor keshari nath tripathy, the university chancellor, will be present, the university officials said they were awaiting nabanna's confirmation on whether chief minister mamatabanerjee and education minister partha chatterjee would attend the programme on saturday.
;;0.0;;generally, chief minister mamatabanerjee , along with senior police officers, interacts with the puja committees in kolkata a month after the pujas.
;;-0.6597;;new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday said the arrest of p chidambaram was depressing and alleged that the judiciary was not coming to the help of a crying democratic system.
;;-0.5859;;in her first reaction after chidambaram's arrest on wednesday evening, mamatabanerjee quoted rabindranath tagore and said the message of justice is crying silently in isolation.
;;0.5994;;kolkata: east bengal and mohun bagan club officials on tuesday called on chief minister mamatabanerjee , seeking her intervention in clearing the impasse over their participation in the expanded indian super league.
;;0.0;;bjp leaders have shifted into top-gear mode to break the ruling trinamools near-monopoly in bengal soon after chief minister mamatabanerjee announced taking the anti-modi opposition dharna from kolkata to delhi on february 13 and 14.
;;0.0;;but while mamatabanerjee is going national, senior bjp leaders and union ministers are making frequent forays into bengal in a bid to cash in on anti-incumbency.
;;0.0;;from union home minister rajnath singh to up cm yogi adityanath, all have been touring districts harping on a common narrative  mamatabanerjee is turning bengal into a country within a country where bjp leaders are not being allowed to enter.
;;-0.296;;in a meeting at mohanpur, former madhya pradesh cm shivraj singh chouhan dared the mamatabanerjee government to stop bjp leaders from coming to bengal.
;;0.0;;at a time when mamatabanerjee is trying to cement the opposition bloc at the national level, opposition parties in bengal such as pradesh congress and left are criticising her on her turf.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee (file photo)today marks the third anniversary of the historic day when our govt of #bangla handed over to farmers the parchas o https://t.
;;0.836;;co/kh3mgmfbxb  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1568428200000kolkata: celebrating the third anniversary of distribution of parchas (documents) to farmers of singur, whose land was forcibly acquired by the left front government for tata's nano factory , west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday expressed commitment to the welfare of peasants and also to promote industry in the state.
;;0.0;;today marks the third anniversary of the historic day when our govt of #bangla handed over to farmers the parchas of land forcibly acquired in singur, mamatabanerjee wrote on her twitter handle.
;;0.0;;ma, mati, manush (mother, motherland and people) was a political slogan coined by mamatabanerjee before 2009 general election.
;;0.4019;;it eventually became the signature slogan of mamatabanerjee and her party.
;;-0.25;;singur had become the hotbed of west bengal politics in 2008 after the trinamool congress of mamatabanerjee led an agitation against the erstwhile left front government over acquisition of farm land for the car factory.
;;-0.25;;the tmc agitation eventually led to the exit of the proposed small car factory and catapulted mamatabanerjee to power in 2011.
;;0.0;;kolkata: pushed back by 24 hours, the inauguration of the west-bound ramp linking the maa flyover to ajc bose road flyover is now slated for 2pm on friday, when chief minister mamatabanerjee will throw open the connector.
;;0.0;;(ani)kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday announced that from now on the investors meet - bengal global business summit (bgbs) - will be held every two years.
;;-0.4767;;the congress and bjp mocked mamatabanerjee and said the announcement is a sort of confession that the state government has failed to attract any investment in the state.
;;-0.4767;;earlier on wednesday afternoon, during an administrative review meeting in digha, chief minister mamatabanerjee said: very often, it is being noticed that one driver has caused an accident, while another person is surrendering before police.
;;0.2263;;kolkata: bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday held discussions on a wide range of topics including education, business and culture, but both did not bring up the contentious issue of teesta water sharing in their 40-minute meeting.
;;-0.4767;;while hasina badly wants the teesta water-sharing treaty signed before the 2018 general elections in bangladesh, mamatabanerjee has her compulsions, too.
;;0.4019;;trinamool, however, is banking on spontaneous support of voters after chief minister mamatabanerjee gave kalimpong district status.
;;0.0;;this story is from october 27, 2018mamata mamatabanerjee (inset) at the inauguration of soujanya, a convention centre that will also have accommodation.
;;0.0;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee said she wanted a skywalk near the kalighat temple and asked chief secretary malay de to carry out a feasibility study.
;;0.0;;das went to nabanna and was supposed to return to the sec headquarters on rawdon street after meeting cm mamatabanerjee and chief secretary moloy de.
;;0.34;;cm mamatabanerjee , de and das then spent the afternoon thrashing out security logistics in a meeting that went on till the evening.
;;0.0;;the vc is also preparing a proposal to submit to chief minister mamatabanerjee requesting another 10 acres.
;;0.4019;;santiniketan: bangladesh pm sheikh hasina on friday chose the backdrop of the visva bharati campus to seek indias help in repatriating rohingya refugees to myanmar over 11 lakh rohingyas had taken refuge in bangladesh, hasina said at the inauguration of bangladesh bhavana in the presence of pm narendra modi and bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee .
;;0.0516;;bengals ruling trinamool congress, however, has differed with bjps stand, with mamatabanerjee expressing her sympathy for myanmars persecuted minority last year.
;;0.5096;;we believe all commoners are not terrorists, mamatabanerjee had tweeted in september 2017.
;;-0.4939;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday reacted sharply to prime minister narendra modis jibe on her fear for cbi and ed, saying it was the pot calling the kettle black (chalon kina chhucher dosh dhore).
;;0.6808;;gyandasji instead harped on humanism as the true religion and lauded chief minister mamatabanerjee for championing it.
;;0.4019;;apart from rahul, the other invitees include west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , samajwadi party leader akhilesh yadav, janata dal (s) leader h d kumaraswamy, dmk president m k stalin, national conference leader farooq abdullah and rjd leader tejashwi yadav .
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee was then in her room on the 14th floor.
;;0.296;;chairman of sarva siksha mission and primary school council, kartik manna, said: the project of restoring the heritage school was taken up under the initiative of chief minister mamatabanerjee and education minister parthachatterjee.
;;0.5106;;kolkata: they had cheered when mamatabanerjee became the chief minister in may.
;;-0.8625;;doctors from other states will not go to west bengalin the wake of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee threatening doctors with stringent action in the event of their failure to report back to duty, dr prakash said that the entire medical fraternity condemned the manner in which she had handled the incident.
;;0.2732;;jagdeep dhankhar greeted by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee after taking oath as the new governor o.
;;-0.4767;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday slammed the centre for the sharp rise in fuel prices , saying the government was only talking while the people were suffering.
;;-0.5267;;mamata banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: in the wake of the attack on doctors and harassment of model ushoshi sengupta by some members of their community, a group of prominent muslims has written to chief minister mamatabanerjee asking for stringent action against the culprits to dispel the  perception  that they are being shielded or appeased.
;;0.0;;mudar patherya, a communications expert who drafted the letter to mamatabanerjee , said a government should shun vote-bank politics and address the issue considering the betterment of the next generation.
;;-0.5574;;speaking on the judgment of the supreme court in the matter relating to cbi versus west bengal government, the haryana cm said: the courts ruling exposes the hollow and false claims of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , who called cbis bid to question the commissioner in the chit fund scam as an attack on the countrys federal structure.
;;0.0;;the proposal, which is at present with chief minister mamatabanerjee , adds that the minimum fare for a ride on a private, non-air-conditioned bus would be rs 7 for the first 4km and re 1 extra for every slab thereafter.
;;0.0;;cm mamatabanerjee (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee will be attending the third anti-modi opposition meet on february 26 in the capital.
;;0.0;;tdp chief n chandrababu naidu and nc leader farooq abdullah had joined mamatabanerjee at the meeting, which was later attended by rahul.
;;-0.34;;kolkata: recent incidents of fire seem to have made chief minister mamatabanerjee jittery.
;;0.0;;west bengal cm mamatabanerjee meets union home minister amit shah at his office in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.6486;;read morenew delhi: west bengal cm mamatabanerjee met home minister amit shah at his north block office on thursday and told him that many genuine indians were excluded from the national register of citizens nrc ) in assam.
;;-0.3818;;a massive political battle is brewing with bjp looking to give chief minister mamatabanerjee and trinamool a run for their money.
;;0.0258;;gurap (hooghly): chief minister mamatabanerjee has asked police to prevent display of arms during ram navami processions on march 25.
;;0.4939;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has already spoken to superintendents of police across districts to tackle such a situation with iron hand.
;;-0.5719;;the jd(s) patriarch sympathised with the bengal government led by mamatabanerjee and said he was shocked to learn about the cbi rushing to arrest the kolkata police commissioner and the subsequent developments.
;;0.0258;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has stressed the importance of developing tea-tourism.
;;0.4019;;referring to the opposition's unity at a rally organised by tmc chief mamatabanerjee on saturday, the shiv sena, in an edit in party mouthpiece saamna, said the west bengal cm was taking the modi-shah combine head-on.
;;-0.6369;;most of the leaders who attended the rally, including mamatabanerjee , were once allies of the bjp under atal bihari vajpayee's leadership and there is no need to ridicule them.
;;0.4767;;paying her respects to the former prime minister, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said that the nation should work together to keep the diversity of the country intact.
;;0.8481;;after he began his federal front mission, kcr met west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee of the trinamool congress, samajwadi party leader and former up cm akhilesh yadav, former pm and janada dal leader deve gowda and his son hd kumaraswamy in karnataka and dmk leader mk stalin in tamil nadu however, it appears that kcr had applied brakes for his mission as national-level leaders saw it as a political gameplan to bring together parties that could support the bjp after the next lok sabha elections in the event of the saffron party falling short of a majority.
;;0.0;;kolkata: days ahead of a proposed meeting between sonia gandhi and chief minister mamatabanerjee over fielding a secular candidate for the presidential polls, west bengal pradesh congress president adhir chowdhury wrote to the congress president against taking this understanding with trinamool congress beyond the presidential polls.
;;-0.9201;;i announce rs 5 lakh ex-gratia for the next of the kin of the deceased: #westbengal cm mamatabanerjee on accident where a bus fell into bhairab river in murshidabad's daulatabad amp;  ani (@ani) january, 2018kolkata: at least seven persons were killed and a number of others got injured when a bus, carrying over 50 passengers, plunged into a river due to poor visibility in murshidabad district in west bengal on monday.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister mamatabanerjee rushed to the spot along with transport minister subhendu adhikari and announced a compensation of rs five lakh each to the bereaved families.
;;0.0;;i announce rs 5 lakh ex-gratia for the next of the kin of the deceased, news agency ani quoted mamatabanerjee as saying on its twitter handle.
;;-0.4404;;kolkata: in the face of mounting criticism, chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday defended the decision to rename the state 'paschimbanga'.
;;0.7351;;the order was welcomed by both west bengal cm mamatabanerjee and bjp, who both claimed a win.
;;-0.0129;;into the camp of junior doctors protesting at nrs medical college and hospital, not to make yet another appeal to treat her husband, who had fractured his leg, but to watch live the meeting of their representatives with chief minister mamatabanerjee , because she knew the welfare of thousands of patients hinged on its outcome.
;;0.2023;;instead, mamatabanerjee suggested that the centre prepare a white paper on the issue of one nation, one election or simultaneous elections in the country, instead of going about the sensitive and important issue hurriedly.
;;0.3182;;rampurhat: mamatabanerjee on wednesday dared bjp president amit shah to either prove she had profited by even a single paisa from the sale of her paintings or quit politics.
;;0.0;;we have already filed a defamation case, mamatabanerjee added, referring to state minister chandrima bhattacharya sending shah a defamation notice within hours of his painting-sale jibe.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 15, 2019kolkata chief minister mamatabanerjee at a press conference in delhi on thursday.
;;0.6908;;new delhi: west bengal cm mamatabanerjee on thursday said aam aadmi party is willing to have an alliance with congress in delhi for the lok sabha polls and it is now up to the two parties to decide whether they want to jointly take on bjp.
;;-0.5859;;(ani)kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday accused the centre of delaying payments for the 100-day rural job scheme and restricting works under the programme.
;;0.0516;;file photokolkata: west bengal bjp president dilip ghosh on saturday criticised chief minister mamatabanerjee for attacking the saffron party over chandrayaan-2 programme, saying she is fond of finding fault with everything the country is proud of.
;;0.3818;;at the assembly on friday, mamatabanerjee had hit out at the bjp-led government at the centre for allegedly trying to take credit for the moon mission.
;;0.5023;;but the only exception seems to be people like mamatabanerjee , ghosh said.
;;0.7845;;on the occasion of women's day, chief minister mamatabanerjee felicitated her among others to honour her courage.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday proposed the two categories of cards in the assembly on wednesday.
;;0.3612;;mumbai: in a development that could have repercussions on maharashtra politics, trinamool congress (tmc) chief mamatabanerjee is keen on roping in shiv sena in her proposed front to take on the bjp in the 2019 elections, it is learnt.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 7, 2019west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;lucknow: devendra nath singh, professor of hindi at dr shakuntala misra national rehabilitation university (dsmnru), pulled down his facebook post that likened bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to goddess durga, after it went viral and stirred controversy.
;;-0.7964;;kolkata: a day after trinamool congress general secretary mukul roy came in defence of labour minister purnendu bose  already in the thick of controversy over the kestopur murder case  chief minister mamatabanerjee finally broke silence on sunday, terming the controversy a small, one-off incident.
;;-0.1531;;chief minister mamatabanerjee at the anti-nrc rally in kolkata on thursdaykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday threw a challenge at the narendra modi-led nda government to exclude even two citizens of west bengal from a national register of citizens ( nrc ) proposed by bjp in the state.
;;0.0;;calling cpm shuorani (privileged), mamatabanerjee pointed out that bjp had spared the left in bengal.
;;0.0;;bandyopadhyay's lawyer sabyasachi mamatabanerjee insisted the mp was neither a shareholder nor a director of the company.
;;0.6115;;chief minister mamatabanerjee said: we are very happy.
;;0.8591;;ltd, extended his heartfelt gratitude to chief minister mamatabanerjee for extending her cooperation and support.
;;0.7178;;we are extremely grateful to chief minister mamatabanerjee and the government of west bengal for extending all support to us.
;;0.0;;announced by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , the dharna would continue till 6pm.
;;0.5577;;taking a veiled jibe at the bharatiya janata party (bjp), trinamool congress secretary general and state education minister partha chatterjee said: prior to the elections, those who said that mamatabanerjee doesn't let people celebrate durga puja, saraswati puja and other cultural events, are now creating hurdles for puja committees with the help of central agencies.
;;-0.2023;;the government, which last week candidly acknowledged that it blinked first in the confrontation with west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to avoid mid-term polls, is engaged in last-ditch negotiations with the trinamool boss to get the pfrda bill passed.
;;0.5719;;chief minister mamatabanerjee had met the injured constable at the hospital and praised him for his courage and dedication.
;;0.0258;;desperate to live up to her populist image, chief minister mamatabanerjee , who held the power portfolio till recently, is determined not to hike electricity tariffs.
;;0.0;;already, another power project is in the doldrums as mamatabanerjee has decided not to acquire land for the ongoing units 1 and 2 of the katwa power plants, each of 800 mw capacity.
;;0.5574;;the kmc authorities were asked to make a blueprint for providing filtered water to residents living in ground water zones after chief minister mamatabanerjee had asked hakim to adopt extensive projects to provide safe drinking water to kolkatans.
;;-0.7717;;chief minister mamatabanerjee is upset with the violence.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykanchrapara: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday insisted that those living in west bengal will have to learn to speak in bengali.
;;-0.4939;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday led a rally in kolkata to generate awareness on the menace of illegally distilled liquor.
;;0.0;;at the brigade rally, trinamool chief mamatabanerjee will announce the launch of yuva, to be headed by her nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee who has been designated its all-india president.
;;0.0;;yuva is mamatabanerjee banerjee's brainchild.
;;-0.34;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has repeatedly stressed on action against people who spit and throw trash in public places.
;;0.3182;;kolkata: a day after cbi questioned her close aide manik majumdar and sent summons to her senior party colleagues derek obrien and subrata bakshi west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday lashed out at the agency.
;;0.4019;;majumdar has been working with mamatabanerjee since she was an mp and is now tasked with handling party affairs from her home.
;;0.4019;;kolkata: bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday used the rajya sabha nominations to drive a wedge between congress and cpm, even as both parties state legislative wings were discussing the possibility of selecting a common candidate.
;;-0.6808;;hell meet west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to discuss on the federal front.
;;0.2197;;his loyalty to chief minister mamatabanerjee and her nephew abhishek couldnt save his chairmans chair.
;;0.0772;;the cbi may also question the tmc leader regarding the sale of several paintings of party chief mamatabanerjee which were purchased by owners of several ponzi scam companies allegedly at a huge price, the officials said.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee also held a meeting with senior officials of the private schools in the state in june 2017, urging them to consider their hefty fee structure.
;;0.8591;;chief minister mamatabanerjee , who presided over the awards ceremony at the police function, said more residents of panchanantala would be rewarded for their rescue act.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 8, 2019bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo)central deputation of 5 ips officers may be blockeddownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.7506;;new delhi/kolkata: a new front has been opened in the centre-versus-state battle, with the ministry of home affairs all set to take punitive action against five senior ips officers posted in bengal the home ministry has accused state director-general of police virendra, additional dg (security) vineet kumar goyal, additional dg (law and order) anuj sharma, salt lake commissioner of police gyanwant singh and kolkata police additional commissioner supratim sarkar of taking part in the dharna convened by bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to protest against last sundays cbis special operation at city police commissioner rajeev kumars residence.
;;0.0;;the home ministry move drew an immediate reaction from the bengal government, with cm mamatabanerjee strongly refuting the centres charges.
;;0.0;;they never stepped on the dharna dais on monday and tuesday, she said on thursday, which was corroborated by others who were present at the esplanade site from sunday night to tuesday evening (when mamatabanerjee withdrew the agitation).
;;-0.1739;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has also extended her support and asked the college principals not to accept any undue pressure from any quarter, said chatterjee.
;;-0.5719;;the family has made a heartfelt appeal to chief minister mamatabanerjee to help them fight to get the killers punished.
;;0.8689;;we are making an emotional appeal to the honourable chief minister mamatabanerjee to help us get justice.
;;0.3182;;the decision followed an assurance from chief minister mamatabanerjee and transport minister suvendu adhikari that either would meet the truckers to resolve their problems.
;;0.2732;;soon after taking charge in may, mamatabanerjee had increased the funds for jangalmahal.
;;-0.7506;;people were taken aback when mamatabanerjee increased it to rs 200 crore in spite of the financial crisis.
;;0.34;;it is part of the upgrade of the schools security system proposed by a self-regulatory commission set up by chief minister mamatabanerjee in 2017 to oversee the functioning of private schools and their ever-increasing fees.
;;0.5423;;the proposals have already been cleared by the transport department and lalbazar and are now being scrutinized by the home department before they are sent to chief minister mamatabanerjee for approval.
;;0.5423;;a day after mausam noor made peace with chief minister mamatabanerjee , the youth congress state president was back to her anti-trinamool stance in malda on tuesday.
;;0.0;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: the truckers in bengal postponed their statewide strike till september 8 from 12am on thursday following an assurance from chief minister mamatabanerjee and transport minister suvendu adhikari that either of them would meet the truckers to resolve their problems.
;;0.4976;;kolkata: opposition parties of west bengal on saturday attacked chief minister mamatabanerjee for not being serious about resolving the situation arising from the protests by junior doctors and asked her to apologise to them.
;;-0.8275;;the bjp, the congress and the cpm blamed mamatabanerjee for the ongoing crisis in the state's health sector and accused her of being more interested in scoring political brownie points rather than diffusing the tension.
;;-0.6808;;cpm central committee member sujan chakraborty too blamed mamatabanerjee for the crisis and urged her to take action to resolve the impasse.
;;-0.6808;;state congress president somen mitra said mamatabanerjee should stop threatening doctors.
;;-0.1027;;visakhapatnam: kicking off her campaign for the lok sabha polls, chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday challenged prime minister narendra modi to a us presidential-style debate on key issues.
;;0.7351;;jhansi: taking a dig at the bjp leaders who recently met west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to drum up support for a third front ahead of 2019 elections, union minister and jhansi mp uma bharti said that they were like the rickshaw-pullers and labourers in lucknow who claim to be descendants of avadhs nawab wajid ali shah in an exclusive chat with toi during her visit to jhansi, bharti said, these people have no role in national politics or in the party.
;;-0.8176;;disgruntled bjp leaders shatrughan sinha, yashwant sinha and arun shourie had met trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee recently in new delhi to discuss the formation of a front to take on pm narendra modi bharti said the third front has no future as it was being formed with the negative ideology of defeating pm modi.
;;-0.4939;;chief minister mamatabanerjee expressed her grief over the demise of pandit bhaduri.
;;0.0;;mamata banerjeekolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said the state will set up kanyashree colleges in all the districts, along with the kanyashree university.
;;-0.607;;addressing the audience at the sixth kanyashree divas, mamatabanerjee urged students from english-medium institutes not to treat their peers from bengali medium as inferior.
;;0.0;;a state secretariat official said that the idea to plant more coconut trees was mooted in the last district review meeting presided over by chief minister mamatabanerjee earlier this week.
;;0.0;;incidentally, mamatabanerjee unveiled the silicon valley project in august where reliance jio had announced rs 1000 crore investment in a state of the art data centre.
;;0.0;;drawing the court's attention to the dgp, additional dgp and kolkata police commissioner joining chief minister mamatabanerjee who sat on a dharna outside the commissioner's residence immediately after the cbi team was rounded up, mehta had said, such conduct by officials in uniform points to complete anarchy prevailing in kolkata.
;;-0.6249;;kmrc has decided to reach out beyond what chief minister mamatabanerjee had suggested on tuesday, when she sought an immediate compensation of rs 5 lakh for each family, whose property has been damaged, with rs 5 lakh compensation for loss of income.
;;0.6249;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was among the first to throw her weight behind the switchover by giving in-principle support to gst.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at the sales of paintings by chief minister mamatabanerjee , shah alleged that her paintings were bought by the ponzi firm owners.
;;-0.7717;;kolkata: narendra modi calls the mandate against the left in tripura as an outpouring of public anger, mamatabanerjee calls it cpm's self-destruction and the cpm politburo concedes defeat to the might of money power among others.
;;0.5267;;mamata mamatabanerjee whose party also drew a scratch in the tripura polls has blamed both left and congress for the bjp's massive win.
;;0.0258;;west bengal assembly had passed a resolution'bengal' in english, 'bangla' in bengalinew delhi/ kolkata: the centre wednesday informed rajya sabha that it has not yet given its nod to change the name of west bengal to 'bangla' as proposed by the state government following which chief minister mamatabanerjee dashed off a letter to prime minister narendra modi for expediting the matter.
;;-0.0762;;union minister of state for home nityanand rai in a written response to a question from mp ritabrata mamatabanerjee said the centre has not cleared the name 'bangla' for west bengal.
;;0.0;;a senior state official said mamatabanerjee requested the prime minister to do the needful to change the state's name to 'bangla'.
;;-0.0258;;chief minister mamatabanerjee came out in kumar's defence and launched a sit-in to protest in the city against the centre's move.
;;0.0;;44  for trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , 0.
;;-0.4215;;kolkata: on the sixth anniversary of the nirbhaya gang rape case, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday urged people to make the country a better place for women.
;;-0.7717;;new delhi: senior bjp leader sushma swaraj on wednesday said it is surprising that political killings are taking place in west bengal under the leadership of tmc supremo mamatabanerjee who herself has been a victim of political violence.
;;-0.5574;;the former external affairs minister said she was astonished that these incidents have happened during the tenure of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee who has herself been a victim of political violence for long.
;;-0.4767;;recalling another such incident, the senior bjp leader said she had gone to meet mamatabanerjee after she was hospitalised for months due to a serious head injury.
;;0.6369;;if you ask me, i would say that chief minister mamatabanerjee handling the health portfolio is the best thing that can happen.
;;0.1027;;even as opposition leaders rallied behind trinamool chief mamatabanerjee , who has been staging a sit-in since sunday, cpm emphasised it had led street protests since 2014 demanding action against all accused persons, including political leaders like mukul roy and himanta biswa sarma , who have since crossed over to bjp and were now being protected.
;;0.5719;;yechury said the sit-in by mamatabanerjee in kolkata had come within hours of the left fronts rally at brigade parade ground, and alleged it was aimed at diverting public attention from the lefts success in mobilising opinion.
;;0.4019;;while most opposition leaders, including rahul, pledged their support to mamatabanerjee , congress, left sources said, appeared to have nuanced its stand by not deputing any central leader to attend the cms sit-in.
;;0.9001;;i am confident that only this government under pm narendra modi will understand the gravity, and will do the needful as requested above and our (west bengal ) chief minister mamatabanerjee will support the national interest in all respect.
;;-0.2263;;just after the question hour, sudip bandyopadhyay, leader of the trinamool congress in the house, demanded that the name of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee be expunged from the proceedings.
;;0.6124;;on friday, in a meeting with elected representatives of her party, mamatabanerjee had warned them against taking cut money from beneficiaries of government schemes, according to party leaders.
;;-0.7096;;terming the strike of junior doctors in west bengal as failure of the system, sharma said: all that was asked was a visit to the victim by chief minister mamatabanerjee .
;;-0.25;;sources also said that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee called kumaraswamy on wednesday evening and proposed a joint protest.
;;-0.0516;;the protesting doctors in west bengal held a meeting with chief minister mamatabanerjee to resolve the impasse on monday afternoon.
;;0.4939;;image used for representational purposedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: as chief minister mamatabanerjee is set to hit the streets on friday with a campaign to save water , the kolkata municipal corporation ( kmc ) water supply department has taken up an awareness drive across the city.
;;0.0;;aware that many youths in the district are involved in the trade, mamatabanerjee suggested alternative occupations for the unemployed youth.
;;-0.25;;mamata banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee in her first interaction with doctors after the nrs face-off told doctors at sskm hospital that the state faced a shortage of doctors.
;;-0.2732;;kolkata: they can even arrest me, that is their habit, a sarcastic chief minister mamatabanerjee lashed out on friday, a day after cbi questioned her close aide manik majumdar and sent summons to her senior party colleagues, derek obrien and subrata bakshi.
;;0.0;;at a meeting with officials and the displaced residents at nabanna on tuesday, chief minister mamatabanerjee suggested to use the building on black burn lane near poddar court to accommodate some of the families.
;;-0.8689;;co/tigmwa53aq  babul supriyo (@supriyobabul) 1568965367000kolkata: terming the left student activists as cowards who had assaulted him in the jadavpur university campus, bjp leader and union minister babul supriyo on friday virtually challenged west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to charge them for the assault and said no one should be allowed to malign and tarnish the name of the institution.
;;0.0;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee is set to meet private school representatives at nabanna on may 31 to discuss the fee hike debate.
;;-0.6908;;calling the assault on a junior doctor at a kolkata hospital an unfortunate incident, chief minister mamatabanerjee said that her government is committed towards resuming normal services in the state at the earliest.
;;-0.0772;;earlier today, agitating doctors turned down the invite for a closed-door meeting with chief minister mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat, raising apprehension about their security, and instead asked her to visit the nrs medical college and hospital for an open discussion to resolve the impasse.
;;-0.6124;;they said no representative of the agitating doctors would be attending the meeting called by mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat on saturday evening.
;;0.4019;;west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi wrote to chief minister mamatabanerjee advising her to take immediate steps to provide security to medicos and find out a solution to the impasse rising out of junior doctors' agitation across the state.
;;-0.8519;;resident doctors at aiims, who resumed work after having boycotted it on friday, had given a 48-hour ultimatum to mamatabanerjee to meet the demands of the state's agitating doctors, failing which they said they would go on an indefinite strike.
;;0.0772;;you seem to have set your caste arithmetic well in your pursuit to defeat bjp will you join the opposition conclave hosted by trinamool congress leader mamatabanerjee in kolkata on january 19?
;;0.7269;;darjeeling: chief minister mamatabanerjee wants people in the hills to ensure peace so that her government can work for their prosperity.
;;0.0;;she also urged cii director general chandrajit mamatabanerjee to prepare a master plan for darjeeling, highlighting the business potential in the area.
;;0.0;;stating that prime minister narendra modi was behind kcrs proposed federal front, gowda said west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is a secular leader and she would sail with the congress-led coalition.
;;-0.765;;patna: firebrand jd(u) spokesperson ajay alok quit his post late on thursday, within 24 hours of attacking trinamool chief mamatabanerjee and taking a dig at union home minister amit shah over illegal infiltration of rohingya muslims into west bengal.
;;-0.4404;;there was resentment among a few senior leaders over my statement against mamatabanerjee in which i said she is turning west bengal into a mini-pakistan.
;;-0.6369;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday rebutted prime minister narendra modis accusations one by one, reserving for pointed criticism his unilateral inauguration of the calcutta high courts jalpaiguri circuit bench.
;;0.3182;;co/bj2ebist47  narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1561433768000new delhi: taking aim at the bjp-led central government, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday asserted that the country went through a period of 'super emergency' in the last five years - narendra modi 's first tenure as prime minister.
;;-0.3818;;we must learn our lessons from history and fight to safeguard the democratic institutions in the country, mamatabanerjee tweeted on the occasion of the emergency.
;;0.5423;;what also brings an uncanny similarity between kejriwal and akhilesh is their engineering backgrounds and fondness for trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , who has held talks with them in the backdrop of jds-congress alliance show in bengaluru last month.
;;-0.6939;;tmc member manish gupta raised the issue of an alleged threat issued by a bjp leader to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee earlier, naidu had not approved a notice by gupta for suspension of question hour to take up the issue.
;;-0.2732;;claiming that the bill has little precedence except in manipur, chief minister mamatabanerjee said in the assembly that her government was in the process of preparing a compensation scheme in which the family of the victim would receive at least rs 5 lakh and even a job.
;;0.0;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is likely to meet prime minister narendra modi in delhi on wednesday and her efforts to reach out to the pm invited a dig from the bjp which saw it as a classic example of opportunistic politics.
;;-0.7269;;the proposed meeting between the two leaders has heated up the political scenario in west bengal as mamatabanerjee has been one of the harshest critics of the bjp and modi.
;;0.0;;the last time mamatabanerjee and modi met was at the visva bharati university convocation at shantiniketan on may 25, 2018.
;;0.1779;;the bjp, which is sparing no effort to score over tmc before the crucial 2021 assembly elections, found fresh opportunity to attack mamatabanerjee saying that the cmo's request to modi's office was in reality banerjee's desperate attempt to save herself from the clutches of the cbi.
;;-0.4133;;according to a another senior bjp leader who did not wish to be named, mamatabanerjee has sought the meeting with modi to save herself and her tmc leaders from the clutches of the cbi which is probing the multi-crore chit fund scam in the state.
;;0.6705;;sunday saw the united face of the strife-torn trinamool in bhangar after party chief mamatabanerjee categorically said she would not tolerate any infighting.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has also ordered a police inquiry into the incident.
;;-0.1695;;(pti)kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday said the tmc government in the state will not allow implementation of the nrc in the state.
;;0.0;;there is nobody in the country to speak against the bjp in the country, mamatabanerjee added.
;;0.743;;co/sjkq1dbvl0  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1568774520000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday emphasised the need for conservation of water resources on the occasion of world water monitoring day she highlighted a slew of projects which were undertaken by her government with an aim at strengthening irrigation facilities and providing relief to people during the periods of drought.
;;0.7351;;our #bangla govt has recently announced the new 'jalashree' scheme with the aim of coordinating irrigation projects involving canals, wetlands and rivers so as to give effective relief to people during periods of drought, mamatabanerjee wrote in her twitter handle.
;;0.3818;;despite congresss moves to strike a deal with jd(s) and snatch an unlikely victory, rahul gandhi's leadership of an opposition alliance will remain under challenge from the likes of mamatabanerjee and telanganas k chandrashekar rao, who have proposed a federal front.
;;0.8519;;national leaders, cutting across parties, from prime minister narendra modi, congress president rahul gandhi and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee as well as several regional party leaders joined in to convey their wishes to karunanidhi, considered to be the tallest regional party leader in the country at present.
;;0.4939;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday ordered a crackdown on trinamool congress men involved in an assault on the headmaster and teachers of jadavpur vidyapith, a move that drew all-round praise and sent the message that political affiliation wouldn't stand in the way of justice being served.
;;0.0;;soon after suja's press meet in london, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee stated in a tweet that the opposition will take up shujas claims with ec.
;;-0.25;;naidu went to kolkata on tuesday to express solidarity with his west bengal counterpart mamatabanerjee , who had launched a fast after the cbi attempted to question the kolkata police commissioner in connection with the chit-fund scam.
;;0.0;;naidu persuaded mamatabanerjee to give up her fast.
;;0.1779;;naidu said mamatabanerjee was fighting to save the constitution and federal structure.
;;0.0;;ghoshs comment, which came two days after he wished chief minister mamatabanerjee on her birthday on saturday, has raised eyebrows in political circles.
;;-0.4404;;mamata mamatabanerjee with union home minister amit shah at the latter's north block office in new delhi.
;;0.0;;new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee met union home minister amit shah here on thursday and raised the issue of the nrc in assam.
;;0.0;;without naming west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , shah told the media later that people of bengal are fed up with the congress, communists and trinamool congress.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 26, 2018west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (toi)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.6908;;kolkata: paying homage to dr b r ambedkar for giving shape to india's constitution, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said monday that it was the responsibility of every citizen to protect the spirit of the holy book.
;;0.0;;the trinamool camp has indicated that chief minister mamatabanerjee is likely to declare her candidates after the holi weekend.
;;-0.7351;;trinamool's kalyan mamatabanerjee did not spare telecom minister kapil sibal, who had defended the government's formulation in declaring the lokpal bill's provisions dealing with lokayukta as a dangerous proposition as they were a gross interference in the affairs of the states.
;;0.5106;;all that was needed if a model law that the states would be free to follow, the trinamool mp said, while averring that his leader mamatabanerjee was second to none in combating corruption.
;;0.1531;;new delhi/kolkata: bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee 's instruction to her party functionaries to return the cut money they had taken from beneficiaries against delivery of state government schemes may create confusion and trouble within the ranks, according to trinamool's birbhum mp satabdi roy.
;;-0.2732;;we came to claim the cut money from the trinamool leaders after mamatabanerjee directed the return of such sums.
;;0.0772;;a primary reason for this is people's disenchantment with the state government and they want to get rid of it, nadda said, targeting the trinamool congress (tmc) dispensation headed by chief minister mamatabanerjee in one booth in gujarat 's chudasama, everybody was enrolled asmembers, he said.
;;0.25;;this story is from november 2, 2018cm mamatabanerjee (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees dream to change the name of the state from west bengal to bangla moves an inch ahead as the ministry of home affairs has sought the external affairs ministrys opinion because of the similarity of the name with that of bangladesh.
;;0.0;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee hit out at meghalaya governor tathagata roy on thursday, saying his remarks about the east bengal football club were disrespectful.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has earlier made known her soft approach towards rohingyas.
;;-0.2023;;poor budgetary allocation +mamata said +hyderabad: a day after telangana cm k chandrasekhar rao tried to position himself nationally, mooting a peoples third front as an alternative to bjp and congress, he claimed on sunday that several political figures, including trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , supported him.
;;0.0;;speaking at a rally at his camp office here, kcr said he had received calls from mamatabanerjee , former jharkhand cm hemant soren, six mps from maharashtra and jana sena chief pawan kalyan, seeking an alternative front.
;;0.6597;;addressing party workers on sunday, kcr said, mamatabanerjee called me this afternoon and conveyed her support.
;;0.0;;we have also sought time for a meeting with chief minister mamatabanerjee with the intention of making her the chief patron of our centenary show, sarkar maintained.
;;0.0772;;kolkata: former kolkata mayor sovan chatterjee , who joined the bjp earlier this month, has expressed desire to quit the saffron fold for being regularly humiliated, his close associate baishakhi mamatabanerjee claimed on saturday.
;;0.0;;chatterjee, a four-time tmc mla, had joined the bjp along with mamatabanerjee in delhi on august 14.
;;-0.296;;if needed, we would send our resignation to the bjp leadership, mamatabanerjee added.
;;0.0;;trinamool chief mamatabanerjee tried to halt bjps advance by consolidating other communities in the area.
;;0.0;;on tmc leader derek o'brien's statement that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has the finest credentials to take on the bjp in 2019, moily said it's not an objective assessment.
;;0.4019;;independent of congresss bid to stitch a bloc, tmc leader mamatabanerjee has sought to form a federal front by talking to regional parties.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 18, 2019chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;kolkata: calcutta university has decided to set up an integrated science & technology campus on the 5-acre plot allotted by chief minister mamatabanerjee in rajarhat .
;;0.4767;;the carnival, sponsored by the state, signalled the conclusion of the festivities in style in the presence of chief minister mamatabanerjee and a host of celebrities and bureaucrats.
;;0.5106;;chowdhury, who is a strong detractor of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , was called by the prime minister at the end of the meeting which he had attended as one of the congress representatives.
;;0.5719;;kolkata: union minister smriti irani on tuesday hit out at west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee for her opposition to the nrc , saying that the bjp-led government at the centre is committed to protect the rights of each and every citizen of the country.
;;-0.743;;criticising mamatabanerjee for her opposition to the nrc, irani said, it proves the dichotomy on her stand on illegal immigrants.
;;0.4404;;the belligerent stand taken by mamatabanerjee is preventing the people of the state from availing the benefits provided by the central government, that could have reached farmers, women and children.
;;-0.3182;;last month, chief minister mamatabanerjee mocked at the modi government's move to introduce aadhaar for cows .
;;-0.296;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: trinamool congress on tuesday lodged a police complaint against unknown persons for circulating a morphed image of chief minister mamatabanerjee in a bjp membership certificate in various social media handles suggesting she may have joined bjp.
;;0.0;;new delhi: on a day trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee met home minister amit shah , the enforcement directorate searched the premises of tmcs rajya sabha mp k d singh in a money laundering investigation against his company, alchemist infra realty ltd.the ed searches were carried out at the companys premises in delhi and chandigarh.
;;0.0;;cm kcr will meet mamatabanerjee between 4 and 5 pm in kolkata on monday.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee confirmed that she had been invited.
;;-0.743;;malda: chief minister mamatabanerjee saw an uncanny connect between the slashing of interest rates in public savings funds, fixed deposits, provident fund and the piling up of bad debts in banks, the latest being the rs 11,500-crore pnb scam, to take on the narendra modi government at the centre.
;;0.6369;;with panchayat elections round the corner, mamatabanerjee did a comparison with the centres suspending fund support to ongoing schemes like asha, icds and sarva shiksha abhiyan.
;;0.5574;;he also indicated he will discuss the issue with chief minister mamatabanerjee the mosque's trustee board head, shahezada anwar ali , made it clear on tuesday that barkati was going to be sacked.
;;0.4019;;cm mamatabanerjee spoke to santras 71-year-old mother bonomala devi and offered her all help.
;;-0.8074;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee too slammed the central government for cheating the nation with the note-ban scam.
;;-0.7906;;calling it a dark day, mamatabanerjee tweeted: the government cheated our nation with this big #demonetisation scam.
;;0.0;;to a query on cpm participating in a rally organized by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , cpm politburo member g ramakrishnan, who was also present at the event, evaded a direct reply.
;;0.1531;;other than the pm and vice president, west begal chief minister mamatabanerjee too extended her wishes on the ocassion.
;;0.34;;chief minister mamatabanerjee welcomed the secs notification.
;;0.7269;;former supreme court judge asok mamatabanerjee wondered how the commission could agree to a single-day poll.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has flagged the concerns in her several meetings in areas along the border.
;;0.3612;;) sovan also alluded to widespread rumours of his relationship with baishakhi mamatabanerjee , a university lecturer, and absolved her of any role in this episode.
;;-0.5267;;kolkata: after a group of eminent citizens expressed concern at the number of religious identity-based hate crimes in a letter to prime minister narendra modi , west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said on wednesday that whatever they stated was quite right and that she had been saying it for a long.
;;0.7184;;read morekolkata: west bengal governor jagdeep dhankar on friday justified his visit to jadavpur university to rescue union minister babul supriyo , saying he waited for sufficient time after speaking to chief minister mamatabanerjee and left for the institute after the situation did not show any change.
;;0.4019;;kolkata: relatives of at least three senior trinamool congress leaders, including chief minister mamatabanerjee , have come out in support of the striking doctors in the last two days.
;;0.2023;;in reply to the campaign, mamatabanerjee pointed out that while the centre has stopped its fund support for old-age and widow pension, her government has allotted rs 258 crore to keep the scheme going on.
;;-0.1217;;state consumer affairs minister sadhan pande said he will submit a detailed report on this matter to chief minister mamatabanerjee the topic has created so much furore that residents of purple town area on sunday stopped a man carrying seven bags of meat  suspecting it to be carcass or meat soaked in formalin  and handed him over to police.
;;0.3818;;in december last year, mitra had sent a letter to chief minister mamatabanerjee asking to be relieved off her duties.
;;-0.6249;;while the ruling trinamool blames bjp for trying for religious polarisation, the bengal bjp accuses trinamool chief mamatabanerjee of bringing in language-based polarisation in bengal taking the infiltrators on board.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has already decided to set up a matua welfare board and will be visiting matuadom at thakurbari in north 24 parganas on november 15.
;;0.0;;much after we announced this, we got to know that there would be a rally at the brigade grounds on january 19, which chief minister mamatabanerjee would address.
;;-0.0258;;roy alleged that monday's development was politically motivated, and that chief minister mamatabanerjee wants him arrested in order to thwart bjp's organisational activities in the state.
;;-0.128;;the campaign will lead to an appeal to chief minister mamatabanerjee , urging her to step in decisively and save the rampant destruction of wetlands, ghosh said.
;;-0.7269;;some of the activists allegedly lobbed bombs at the police and vented their anger by setting police jeeps on fire, prompting chief minister mamatabanerjee to react from new delhi.
;;0.0;;they didn't spare even women cops, chief minister mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.4404;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee lashed out at the centre on monday, accusing it of invading privacy by recording conversations of judges, journalists, businessmen and couples, while creating a reign of terror in the name of national register of citizens (nrc).
;;0.3182;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday met prime minister narendra modi 's wife at the city airport before boarding her flight to new delhi and they exchanged pleasantries.
;;0.4497;;drawing flak over the issue, the ruling tmc initially issued a statement quoting chief minister mamatabanerjee as saying that it was an old circular which has already been withdrawn, but later said they will issue a fresh clarification.
;;0.4019;;ghosh alleged that the mamatabanerjee government is only interested in working for the development of muslims in the state.
;;-0.5994;;chief minister mamatabanerjee later ordered a cid probe in rays death and gave rs 5 lakh compensation to arpita.
;;-0.6249;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee dialed hd kumaraswamy on wednesday evening and spoke to him over the political crisis in his state.
;;0.1779;;it was during this conversation that mamatabanerjee suggested on the joint protest by opposition parties in parliament on thursday morning, it is learnt.
;;-0.5994;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee today remembered former chief minister jyoti basu on his seventh death anniversary.
;;-0.4767;;solemnly remembering former chief minister jyoti basu on his death anniversary, mamatabanerjee wrote on her twitter handle this morning.
;;0.4215;;image used for representational purposedownload the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi/kolkata: trinamool congress mla from noapara sunil singh joined bjp in new delhi on monday, just three days after sharing the dais with chief minister mamatabanerjee at bijpur in north parganas under barrackpore lok sabha constituency.
;;0.4019;;jalpaiguri: prime minister narendra modi went full blast against chief minister mamatabanerjee and her party in north bengal on friday, saying that bengal is headed for what happened in tripura, where people brought an end to the long-serving communist regime and made way for bjp.
;;0.1027;;the prime minister also seized the opportunity to take on the mamatabanerjee government over its denying permission to bjp for holding rallies in bengal.
;;0.0;;kolkata: indian pacer mohammad shamis wife hasin jahan met chief minister mamatabanerjee in the assembly around 2.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee (pti photo)today marks the third anniversary of the historic day when our govt of #bangla handed over to farmers the parchas o https://t.
;;0.5719;;co/kh3mgmfbxb  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1568428200000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday said that her government is committed to the welfare of the peasants and also to promote industry in the state.
;;0.0;;today marks the third anniversary of the historic day when our govt of #bangla handed over to farmers the parchas of land forcibly acquired in singur, mamatabanerjee wrote on her twitter handle on saturday morning.
;;0.0;;earlier, mamatabanerjee , while addressing the press at the state secretariat, left it midway, claiming that a few junior doctors have appeared there in order to meet her.
;;0.0516;;shabba hakim, mayor firhad hakims daughter, baidyanath ghosh dastidar , mp kakoli ghosh dastidars son, and abesh mamatabanerjee , chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees nephew, were also among the first to laud her for her statesmanship to resolve the crisis transparently that would help bengals healthcare in the long run.
;;-0.1885;;jai hind  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1551157770000every indian who had d pain n anguish of d martyrdom of our forces is greatly relieved and delighted this morning.
;;0.2263;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee also hailed iaf's pilots.
;;0.0;;earlier in 2018, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had visited gandhi bhavan, where gandhiji had stayed in august 1947, and wanted proper renovation of the property.
;;0.6486;;state urban development minister firhad hakim said, a political vindictive campaigning is going on that our chief minister mamatabanerjee is giving extra favour to the minority section.
;;0.296;;amaravati: andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu on tuesday will visit kolkata to meet west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and express his solidarity.
;;-0.25;;after presentation of the vote-on-account budget in the andhra pradesh assembly, naidu will fly to kolkata, where mamatabanerjee continues her sit-in to protest against the attempted raid by the cbi on the residence of kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar.
;;0.5267;;and meet mamatabanerjee and extend his support.
;;-0.3412;;all these questions, without any easy answers, may have prompted the more circumspect response from the government on tuesday though chief minister mamatabanerjee has thrown her weight behind the three-language policy, making its implementation a foregone conclusion.
;;-0.2263;;worried about the dwindling number of candidates qualifying for ias and other allied services, chief minister mamatabanerjee has decided to initiate the new venture.
;;0.4019;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee steamed up all the regional parties against bjp that she said was joining hands up with separatist forces.
;;-0.0772;;purulia: chief minister mamatabanerjee has proposed amends in the annual assessment of state officials to enhance their direct interface with the public and problem solving capacity.
;;0.0;;when the dg told her about the rule, mamatabanerjee formed a panel comprising the dm, chief medical officer of health, municipality chairman and assigned the panel to dispose the bodies according to law.
;;0.6597;;mamata mamatabanerjee at the teachers day programmekolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee chose the teachers'day to inform the gathering at netaji indoor stadium how the centre has discontinued support to sarva shiksha aviyan and research support to non-net students in the state.
;;0.0;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee is staying away from niti aayogs governing council meeting in delhi.
;;0.0;;sources in the state secretariat said mamatabanerjee may nominate a senior government official to attend the meeting.
;;0.0;;this is the fourth time that mamatabanerjee is skipping a niti aayog meet.
;;-0.4019;;the floating market of patuli, inaugurated by chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday, threw up a weighty problem within the first 24 hours of operations.
;;-0.891;;new delhi: apprehensive of retaliation by red ultras, west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee on thursday refused to react to the death of maoist leader kishanji, who was killed in an encounter in the state.
;;0.3182;;kolkata: despite the pms appeal to the trinamool congress to support the citizenship (amendment) bill, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee reiterated her hard stance on the issue once again on saturday.
;;0.0;;state urban development minister firhad hakim told the family members that chief minister mamatabanerjee had sent them while others  suvendu adhikari, sudip bandyopadhyay, saugata roy and kakoli ghosh dastidar  stood by him.
;;0.2732;;chief minister mamatabanerjee had recently expressed scepticism about how effectively the guppy fish were being used.
;;0.4939;;she willingly withdrew her nomination after being inspired by the development initiatives of chief minister mamatabanerjee .
;;0.0;;state education department officials said the proposals would first be vetted by chatterjee and then would, most probably, be placed before chief minister mamatabanerjee before being placed in the state assembly for their enactment into law.
;;0.0;;prodded by the chief minister mamatabanerjee , hakim took up a project for construction of underground and overhead reservoirs at patuli 18 months ago.
;;0.296;;mamata mamatabanerjee (file photo)kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday lashed out at the bjp-led central government for tax notice issued to the durga puja committees forum, an apex body of the worship organisers in the state.
;;0.4404;;singhs supporters pulled down trinamool festoons and images of chief minister mamatabanerjee .
;;-0.4588;;the sporadic incidents prompted the ruling trinamool, including chief minister mamatabanerjee , to vent their ire, saying central forces had no right to coerce or intimidate voters.
;;0.6597;;with the panchayat polls being round the corner, chief minister mamatabanerjee is keen to see farmers get a good price.
;;0.0;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee inaugurated presidency universitys second campus at rajarhat on monday.
;;0.3612;;the varsities have also been allotted rs 100 crore each, as promised by chief minister mamatabanerjee in january.
;;0.0772;;a cursory look at the official twitter handle of ghosh - who usually doesn't spend a day forgetting to swear at the chief minister - revealed that the bengal bjp president went hammer and tongs against the mamatabanerjee government on several issues, such as the cm hiding facts on the centre's support to various schemes running in bengal, namely fasal bima for farmers and her announcing doles of rs 5,000 for each farmer ahead of the lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;naturally, ghosh's birthday message on mamatabanerjee completing 64 went viral on social media.
;;0.3612;;dilip ghosh sent the message as a political courtesy because mamatabanerjee is the seniormost politician in bengal after biman bose .
;;0.5574;;union minister anurag thakur (credits: bccl/ranjit kumar)new delhi: union minister anurag thakur on friday slammed west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee for her comment on chandrayaan-2 mission saying, the people who want to think negatively are free to think that way.
;;-0.7964;;earlier in the day, mamatabanerjee had attacked the government saying that the mission's launch is an attempt to divert attention from 'economic disaster.
;;-0.4588;;the decision was taken on wednesday after chief minister mamatabanerjee met bus operators, who had threatened to cripple the service following abnormal diesel price rise.
;;0.0;;kolkata: kids, who study in bengal should learn bengali , feel school principles, echoing the sentiment voiced by chief minister mamatabanerjee and education minister partha chatterjee .
;;-0.34;;the mamatabanerjee government is denying funds to siliguri municipal corporation on political grounds.
;;-0.2732;;bhattacharyas charges are similar to those levelled by mamatabanerjee against the narendra modi government.
;;0.7003;;cm mamatabanerjee herself called up biswas's wife rupali and promised her strong action.
;;0.0;;speaking on the occasion, chief minister mamatabanerjee said, we have 31 universities in the state and another 10 universities are in the pipeline.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee had laid the foundation stone of the university at arupara in howrah in march this year.
;;-0.34;;adityanath lashed out at the anti-people state government, warning the mamatabanerjee government that its days were numbered.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee should remember that she cannot misuse the government and its agencies in the state.
;;0.296;;he recently also met congress leader sonia gandhi and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to muster support for his demand that electronic voting machines should not be used for polling.
;;0.6908;;west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi wrote to mamatabanerjee advising her to take immediate steps to provide security to the doctors and asking her to take them into confidence.
;;0.6705;;kolkata: trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee on thursday directed her party mlas not to yield even an inch of political space to the bjp and take up programmes to counter bjp's activities in their respective areas.
;;0.4939;;party source said during the closed door meeting, mamatabanerjee stressed the need to effectively counter the bjp in every constituency in the run-up to the 2021 assembly polls.
;;0.6124;;in recent weeks, mamatabanerjee has met leaders of a number of districts, particularly from those areas where the bjp tasted success.
;;0.4019;;buoyed by stupendous performance in the general election where it bagged 18 out of a total of 42 lok sabha seats in bengal, only four less than the ruling tmc, the saffron party leaders have been asserting that their target was to unseat chief minister mamatabanerjee from the power in the 2021 assembly poll there.
;;0.4019;;kolkata: west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi on saturday wrote to chief minister mamatabanerjee advising her to take immediate steps to provide security to medicos and find out a solution to the impasse arising out of junior doctors' agitation across the state.
;;0.5106;;co/r6scelb7jx  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1568514600000kolkata ( west bengal ): taking an aim at the central government, chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday said there was a state of super emergency in the country and called upon people to do everything it takes to protect rights and freedoms guaranteed by the constitution.
;;-0.7579;;chief minister mamatabanerjee had felicitated the bravehearts of the slums for their exemplary actions in saving the lives of those trapped in the amri accident on the fateful early morning.
;;0.7018;;i do not disrespect any slogan, but respect every religion too, chief minister mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.8047;;trinamool chief and ben-gal chief minister mamatabanerjee will call on congress president sonia gandhi in delhi on tuesday, reportedly to find common ground on a united non-bjp candidate for the presidential polls, but the delhi entente has evidently failed to end the bitter rivalry at the ground level.
;;0.5106;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: caustically calling the union budget an election prize, chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday further dubbed it visionless and said the petrol and diesel price hike would eventually hit kitchens.
;;0.0;;even before her visit to the sagar island , chief minister mamatabanerjee set the tone of preparedness.
;;0.2344;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday made it clear she wont allow implementation of the national register of citizens exercise in bengal.
;;0.5517;;new delhi: officials of state governments and police will soon be barred from entering air traffic control (atc) complexes across india on their regular airport entry passes (aep) as a fallout of bengal cops repeatedly entering the atc complex at kolkata airport to ensure aircraft with chief minister mamatabanerjee on board land without any delay.
;;0.3818;;following recent  and unprecedented  instances of bengal police entering the atc complex at kolkata airport when cm mamatabanerjee was flying into the city, aai first asked bengal government to ensure that such a thing does not happen.
;;-0.1779;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , however, has refused to attend the meeting, saying it is fruitless as the niti aayog has no financial powers to support state plans.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 4, 2019#watch west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee continues dharna over cbi issue after a short break early morning https://t.
;;0.1531;;we want to ask mamatabanerjee why is she staging dharna, who does she want to shield?
;;0.6597;;several opposition parties came out in open support of mamatabanerjee government.
;;-0.1027;;congress president rahul gandhi on sunday spoke to mamatabanerjee and expressed his support to her sit-in against the centre over cbi move in the state, saying the happenings in bengal were part of the unrelenting attack on india's institutions by prime minister narendra modi and the bjp.
;;0.296;;spoke to mamatabanerjee didi and expressed solidarity.
;;0.4019;;mns chief raj thackeray too came out in support of the mamatabanerjee government.
;;0.6908;;we applaud & support the stand taken by mamatabanerjee against the autocracy & tyranny of the central government.
;;0.4019;;abhishek banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citya special court on thursday summoned abhishek mamatabanerjee , trinamool congress mp and nephew of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , to appear before it on july 25 in connection with a case of false declaration about his educational qualification during the elections.
;;0.128;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was also taken aback over the resignation of the special court judge after he delivered the judgment.
;;-0.3182;;the de-siltation of adi ganga was taken up aggressively after mamatabanerjee came to power in bengal.
;;0.2023;;while the congress has decided to take on mamatabanerjee in the upcoming panchayat polls in west bengal, the bengal chief minister also refused to back the congress-led impeachment motion against the chief justice of india even though ties between mamatabanerjee and congress president rahul gandhi had been strained for some time now following gandhis decision to ally with the cpm in the 2016 assembly elections in bengal, both parties were trying hard to find some common ground before the 2019 general elections.
;;-0.296;;according to insiders in trinamool congress, mamatabanerjee may avoid reconciliation with gandhi this time, and would rather wait for election results before entering into any kind of coalition.
;;-0.25;;mamata mamatabanerjee led the oppositions protest against demonetisation and the hurriedly implemented gst, not the congress.
;;0.0;;but the impeachment motion was planned and designed by congress, a senior leader of trinamool congress close to mamatabanerjee told et.
;;0.0;;the source said, chief minister mamatabanerjee will take a call soon.
;;-0.7579;;kolkata: in a veiled attack on the bjp, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said attempts are on to change the history of the country and its democracy is under threat.
;;0.4019;;naidu justified the move saying the cbi had been reduced to a tool for blackmail by the centre, an accusation which was soon endorsed by mamatabanerjee as she followed suit.
;;-0.0475;;it is still not clear how the withdrawal of the general consent will impact the probes into saradha, rose valley and narada cases, which had prompted mamatabanerjee to lash out against the bjp-led centre several times in the past.
;;-0.7418;;kolkata: actor-director aparna sen on friday appealed to the motherly instinct of chief minister mamatabanerjee , who has of late flashed mostly her fierce side, and urged didi to meet the striking junior doctors without precondition and resolve the crisis that has paralysed healthcare facilities statewide.
;;-0.6124;;environmentalists have appealed to chief minister mamatabanerjee to remove chatterjee from the post of environment minister and take charge of the department herself after he scored a dismal 28 out of 100.
;;0.891;;as someone elder to her, i bless her and wish her success in her endeavours, mukherjee said to mamatabanerjee who shared the dais with him.
;;-0.7759;;the incident took place three days after chief minister mamatabanerjee held a public meeting at the very place - balarampur, warning the extremists that the joint forces operation would be resumed if the ultras continued with their politics of violence.
;;0.0516;;slamming chief minister mamatabanerjee for derailing the peace talks when maoist leader akash had offered a one-month ceasefire, rao said, she had instead launched an all-out offensive against the rebels.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee always does the opposite of what she says, he alleged.
;;0.5106;;this invited a strong rebuttal from mamatabanerjee and senior police officials.
;;0.2732;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has urged the junior doctors to return to work and said her government had accepted their demands.
;;0.4939;;this story is from february 14, 2019arvind kejriwal praised mamatabanerjee for the way she handled the showdown with the centre in west bengaldownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.1027;;praising west bengal cm mamatabanerjee , who also attended the rally, for the way she handled the showdown with the centre, kejriwal said, sending 40 cbi officials to kolkata police commissioners residence was a direct attack on the elected government and the people of west bengal.
;;0.0;;i salute mamatabanerjee for the way she chased the cbi officers and put them back in a bus.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee had announced the formation of tda on june 1 with a rs 5-crore fund.
;;0.8519;;i am confident that only this government under pm narendra modi will understand the gravity, and will do the needful as requested above and our (west bengal) chief minister mamatabanerjee will suport the national interest in all respect.
;;-0.2023;;the controversy regarding the benchs inauguration started in august 2018 when the high court stalled the launch process even after chief minister mamatabanerjee formally announced it.
;;-0.3182;;roy, a former tmc leader who joined the saffron camp in 2017 following differences with mamatabanerjee , also mocked the trinamool congress after it appointed political strategist prashant kishor.
;;0.34;;kishor recently held a series of meetings with mamatabanerjee and her nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee over the tmc's performance in the lok sabha polls and on the ways to revive it ahead of the 2021 west bengal assembly polls.
;;0.0;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee told reporters on sunday that trinamool congress will soon name decide later whether to field a candidate for the sixth rajya sabha seat in the state, triggering speculation about which way she will tilt.
;;0.9531;;kolkata: christmas is a festival of peace, love and humanity which works as a unifying factor for people of all religions bringing them together to partake in the festivities, chief minister mamatabanerjee said after inaugurating the eighth edition of kolkata christmas festival at allen park on friday evening.
;;0.91;;in fact, in bengal, we celebrate all festivals with respect which is an example for the entire world, said mamatabanerjee on friday evening after opening the festival at allen park.
;;0.0772;;irked at the fact that the lone mri at bin was shared by sskm, mamatabanerjee had sought an explanation from the then director s p gorai.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 20, 2018west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and andhra pradesh cm chandrababu naidumake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.296;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee met her andhra pradesh counterpart, n chandrababu naidu, at the state secretariat on monday evening, following which the latter briefed the media about the decision to defer the mahagatbandhan meeting from november 22 to any day before the start of parliaments winter session on december 15.
;;-0.0772;;download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: agitating doctors turned down the invite for a closed-door meeting with chief minister mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat on saturday, raising apprehension about their security, and instead asked her to visit the nrs medical college and hospital for an open discussion to resolve the impasse.
;;-0.6124;;they said no representative of the agitating doctors would be attending the meeting called by mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat on saturday evening.
;;-0.7906;;instead, they invited mamatabanerjee for a meeting at the nil ratan sircar medical college and hospital, where two doctors were allegedly assaulted by relatives of a patient who had died on monday night.
;;-0.4215;;on friday night, the agitating junior doctors declined to attend a meeting called by mamatabanerjee at state secretariat, nabanna, saying it was a ploy to break their stir.
;;-0.4215;;after the protesting doctors did not turn up, mamatabanerjee gave them time again at 5pm on saturday.
;;-0.0516;;even as chief minister mamatabanerjee speaks of developing the sunderbans into a major tourist attraction, biologists across the globe are concerned about the damage being caused to the fragile ecosystem of the region due to the constant movement of vessels through it.
;;0.7324;;now that mamatabanerjee has been talking of developing tourism in the world's largest mangrove delta, better conservation efforts may be needed to ensure that it doesn't disappear from the face of the earth.
;;0.765;;santiniketan: a chance remark by chief minister mamatabanerjee raised hopes that negotiations on the teesta water sharing might be revived, although sheikh hasina refrained from raising the issue during her meeting with narendra modi and mamatabanerjee here on friday.
;;0.7906;;mukutmanipur/chandpara: chief minister mamatabanerjee played santa claus at a public rally held in adivasi-dominated mukutmanipur in bankura on thursday by distributing freebies to as many as 23,500 beneficiaries.
;;0.7783;;download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee has flagged her dissent over the income tax department calling durga puja committees, and instead wants the centre to allow tax exemption to corporates that donate to the festival as allowed for corporates when they donate funds to political parties during elections under section 80g of i-t act.
;;0.5423;;on monday, mamatabanerjee condemned the interference in a religious festival that is now a social festival drawing people from across the world.
;;-0.4215;;kolkata: on a day the state bjp marches to lalbazar protesting against the deteriorating law and order situation in bengal, chief minister mamatabanerjee will call on prime minister narendra modi in new delhi on the demands of the state.
;;0.6369;;even as she assured the congress chief of her support to a common opposition candidate, mamatabanerjee pitched for a consensus candidate to emerge from the government's side.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had also visited the officer's residence.
;;-0.1695;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday said the tmc government in the state will not allow implementation of the nrc in the state.
;;0.0;;there is nobody in the country to speak against the bjp in the country, mamatabanerjee added.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee at an event to mark international mother language day, in kolkata on thursdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.5994;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee has made it loud and clear that she doesnt subscribe to the shade of patriotism that prompts one to ostracise kashmiris living in the city in reaction to the pulwama terror attack on crpf jawans.
;;0.296;;this story is from january 20, 2019west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , hd devegowda, ap cm n chandrababu naidu, karnataka cm hd kumaraswamy, congress leader mallikarjun kharge, sharad pawar, sharad yadav and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal join hands together during tmc mega rally 'brigade samavesh' in kolkata (pti)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee , however, chose to focus on a more pragmatic concern: the need to consolidate anti-bjp votes in each ls constituency.
;;0.0258;;rahul gandhi's absence amid lingering speculation about adjustment problems with mamatabanerjee and the relentless incompatibility between the latter and cpm, which saw sitaram yechury hitting out at her, starkly underscored the imperative for the opposition parties to innoculate themselves against the saffron sneers of being opportunistic.
;;-0.3818;;(ani)kolkata: on a day when people across the country are excited to witness ambitious chandrayaan-2's soft-landing on the lunar surface, chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday attacked the government saying that the mission's launch is an attempt to divert attention from 'economic disaster.
;;-0.1531;;download the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi/kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee said while tuesday was the anniversary of the emergency imposed in 1975, the country was going through super emergency for the past five years.
;;-0.5859;;speaking to reporters outside parliament, union minister prakash javadekar said, the way mamatabanerjee is conducting things in west bengal, is no less than a state of emergency.
;;0.296;;chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday flagged off 20 electric buses and another 60 are set to join the fleet this year.
;;0.2732;;chief minister mamatabanerjee expressed condolences to his family and well wishers.
;;0.0;;barasat: chief minister mamatabanerjee took stock of the road expansion projects in north 24 parganas on tuesday in abid to keep pace with the changing skyline along bt road and jessore road.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee announced this at a meeting at kotshila in purulia, 38 km from jharkhand, on tuesday.
;;-0.9423;;kolkata: terming as unfortunate the death of ccd founder v g siddhartha, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said on wednesday he was depressed due to harassment by different agencies, and claimed captains of industry were under pressure and contemplating shifting abroad.
;;-0.7264;;from what he has expressed (in his letter), it appears that he was greatly depressed due to harassment and pressure from different agencies because of which he could not run his business in a peaceful manner, mamatabanerjee wrote on her facebook wall.
;;0.2732;;kolkata: jmm leader hemant soren on saturday called for uprooting the bjp from the country and said the opposition parties to give a fitting reply to the communal party in the next lok sabha polls speaking at the mammoth united opposition rally hosted by chief minister mamatabanerjee , soren said the way bjp is running the country will create a violent and disturbing time for the country.
;;-0.8957;;new delhi: the bjp-tmc sparring over violence in west bengal continued with home minister amit shah on monday saying the centre has a right to advise chief minister mamatabanerjee to immediately stop the spate of political killings.
;;0.6908;;instead of raising this issue in parliament, i would appeal to mamatabanerjee to restore peace in the state as it is her constitutional responsibility.
;;0.4019;;naidu justified the move by saying the cbi had been reduced to a tool for blackmail by the centre, an accusation which was soon endorsed by mamatabanerjee as she followed suit.
;;-0.8885;;mandirbazar (south 24 parganas ): west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has threatened to withdraw her state's contribution as premium towards crop insurance under pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana (pmfby), stepping up the ante against the modi government which is desperate to address farm distress following reverses in the three recent assembly polls.
;;0.3875;;chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday appealed to voters to cast their votes without fear.
;;0.1027;;there is no capable leader in jangalmahal to carry out the development works of mamatabanerjee , he says.
;;0.4215;;they argue that the local kudmi community (different from the kurmis in bihar, up), now placed under obc-b category, voted against trinamool because their fellowmen in the party like santiram mahato and srinkanta mahato worked against the organisations, leading the stir for an st status for the community when the mamatabanerjee government issued a circular sympathising their cause.
;;0.5927;;but we didnt give any directive to our supporters during elections because mamatabanerjee wrote to the centre for including us in the st category, mahato said.
;;0.0;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has asked union finance minister arun jaitley to withdraw the proposed financial resolution and deposit insurance bill, 2017.
;;-0.6249;;resonating similar sentiments, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee also took to the micro-blogging site and wrote, #darkday today is the second anniversary of #demonetisation disaster.
;;0.0;;during his tour he met odisha chief minister naveen patnaik of the biju janata dal, and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee of trinamool congress.
;;0.1531;;while mamatabanerjee may have thought she was pre-empting an opposition move to nail her government on corruption, the legacy of cut money is believed to be a carry-over from the decades of left party rule in the state.
;;-0.7269;;apart from the opposition  the congress, the left and the bjp  who have cornered the mamatabanerjee government on the issue in the state assembly, locals across the state are coming out in protest demanding a return of the cut money.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the current scuffle between the centre and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has its origin in the saradha and rose valley ponzi schemes which were earlier being investigated by kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar.
;;-0.6597;;chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is dead against burdening common people, had shot down a proposal to increase the price of haringhata milk.
;;0.6486;;addressing multi-service operators (msos) and cable operators on friday, chief minister mamatabanerjee asked them to clean up the act and clear up the city.
;;-0.6597;;when asked about the war of words he had with chief minister mamatabanerjee during the basirhat riots, he said, every state has a duty to act impartially and maintain law and order as acting impartially engenders faith in the government.
;;-0.8689;;a bitter war of words had broken out between mamatabanerjee and tripathi during the basirhat communal conflagration.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 7, 2018cm mamatabanerjee at the administrative meeting in digha on thursdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;digha: the beach town of digha will get a world-class international convention centre within two months, chief minister mamatabanerjee said at the administrative meeting in east midnapore on thursday.
;;-0.3182;;the de-siltation of the adi ganga was taken up aggressively after mamatabanerjee came to power in bengal.
;;0.0;;the residence of the chief minister mamatabanerjee is right on the bank of the adi ganga.
;;0.3182;;chief minister mamatabanerjee inaugurated the kolkata international book fair at salt lakes central park on thursday evening, a few hours after the central agency visited majumdars home.
;;-0.4767;;as in the case of the panchayat polls or the agitation in darjeeling, mamatabanerjee would rather keep a distance from a messy confrontation that has political hues, said party sources.
;;-0.7269;;with the notice being submitted after thursdays sc decision not to order a probe in the death of judge b h loya, mamatabanerjee decided to avoid taking up common cause with congress.
;;0.4019;;chief minister mamatabanerjee herself singled out the mirik victory for special mention.
;;0.836;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has objected to the centres proposal to recruit talented and motivated indian nationals in 10 departments from the private sector to the post of joint secretary through lateral entry currently these vacancies are filled by qualified individuals after they clear the union public service commission exam.
;;-0.1027;;chief minister mamatabanerjee cancelled all her prior engagements and decided to head to the spot with transport minister suvendu adhikari and principal secretary (transport) alapan bandyopadhyay.
;;0.0258;;belpahari had been a maoist hotbed since the 80s and backed mamatabanerjee in the 2011 assembly polls.
;;0.1027;;ahead of the elections, chief minister mamatabanerjee reached out to the tribal leaders  including hembram.
;;0.8126;;the beautification project was cleared by chief minister mamatabanerjee in 2013 and funds were sanctioned for creating a better infrastructure and ambience in front of mayer bari, which had earlier been listed as a grade i heritage structure.
;;0.5267;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has strongly opposed the shifting of population base from 1971 to 2011 by 15th finance commission while making fresh recommendations.
;;0.1779;;the finance commission has done this without consulting the states, which is against the spirit of federal structure of the nation, mamatabanerjee has written.
;;0.4019;;chandrasekhar rao, who floated the idea of a federal front to bring together various regional parties, has already met west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee of the trinamul congress in kolkata, and janata dal (secular) leader and former prime minister deve gowda and his son, former cm of karnataka, h d kumaraswamy in bengaluru.
;;0.4019;;though kcr is loathe to the congress being part of the front as the party is trs primary rival in telangana, mamatabanerjee has friendly ties with the congress in west bengal.
;;0.5267;;kolkata: doctors in west bengal called off their week-long strike on monday night after chief minister mamatabanerjee assured them of steps to scale up security at government hospitals in the state.
;;0.0;;the announcement came after mamatabanerjee held a meeting with representatives of the striking doctors at the state secretariat.
;;-0.4767;;the doctors' delegation apprised mamatabanerjee of the problems they have been facing at medical colleges and hospitals and said they fear for their safety.
;;-0.6486;;commenting on the puja tax, terming it as puja jiziya tax , mamatabanerjee countered: i-t authorities sent notices to puja committees last year regarding event management including dhaki, purohit, small and village artisans for collecting tax from them through puja committees by way of tds, which is as good as terrible disaster scheme.
;;0.25;;professor subrata chatterjee (c) with tmc leaders at the collegedownload the times of india news app for latest citykonnagar: chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday morning called up subrata chatterjee, the bengali professor of konnagars hiralal pal college, who was assaulted on wednesday, and urged him to attend college, assuring him of safety.
;;0.4939;;they had earlier in the evening turned down an invite for a closed-door meeting with mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat and had instead asked her to visit the nrs medical college and hospital for an open discussion to resolve the impasse.
;;0.5719;;bengal governor kn tripathi wrote to mamatabanerjee advising her to take immediate steps to provide security to the medicos and find out a solution to the impasse.
;;0.0;;earlier, mamatabanerjee , while addressing the press at the state secretariat, left it midway, claiming that a few junior doctors have appeared there in order to meet her.
;;-0.0459;;the opposition bjp, cpi-m and congress in bengal lashed out at mamatabanerjee for not being serious in resolving the impasses over doctor's strike and asked her to resolve the crisis.
;;-0.7351;;grievance box at nrs hospitaldownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: the grievance redress cells, as suggested by chief minister mamatabanerjee during her meeting with junior doctors, already exist in all the five government medical colleges in the city.
;;0.7506;;west bengal cm mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: describing her scheduled meeting with prime minister narendra modi on wednesday in new delhi as a courtesy one, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday said she would highlight various issues like funds that are due to the state during her talk with the pm.
;;0.4019;;after centre's refusal to clear the west bengal governments proposal to change the name of the state to bangla saying the move required constitutional amendment, mamatabanerjee had in july last sent a letter to the prime minister raising the issue again and urging him to expedite the matter.
;;-0.7184;;the meeting has heated up political scenario here as mamatabanerjee has been harshest critic of modi and the bjp since parliamentary poll.
;;0.0;;the last time mamatabanerjee and modi met was at the visva bharati university convocation at shantiniketan on may 25, 2018.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee will inaugurate the celebrations at 5.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee also paid her tribute.
;;0.4019;;the author had lent her support to mamatabanerjee with the call for poriborton (change) ahead of the 2011 assembly polls in bengal which brought an end to the three-and-a-halfdecade of left rule.
;;0.4939;;this story is from february 14, 2019delhi cm arvind kejriwal, national conference's farooq abdullah and west bengal mamatabanerjee at the 'save d..
;;0.25;;this is a dream project of mamatabanerjee who initiated the project as railway minister.
;;0.0;;earlier, mamatabanerjee had declared at a public meeting in hooghly she would not tolerate opposition to the project.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has asked the administration in these districts to beef up surveillance on such businesses.
;;0.5574;;kolkata: a day after tmc supremo mamatabanerjee directed party leaders to give back the money in case they had taken bribe from beneficiaries of government schemes, elected representatives faced public ire in various parts of the state on wednesday with the people demanding return of the cut money.
;;-0.4767;;the protest came a day after chief minister mamatabanerjee told tmc councillors that she had received complaints of party members seeking bribe even from beneficiaries of the 'samabyathi' scheme in which a one-time payment of rs 2,000 is given to poor people for performing the last rites of a family member.
;;-0.0;;what they discussed is not known, but it is unusual for mamatabanerjee to engage in a conversation with swaraj at a juncture when the bjp is engaged in vicious political battle to overthrow the tmc government in west bengal.
;;-0.7408;;at 11pm on tuesday, mamatabanerjee tweeted: deeply saddened, shocked at the sudden passing away of sushma swaraj ji.
;;-0.0516;;on wednesday, mamatabanerjee sent party mp derek o brien on her behalf to the departed leaders funeral and also to the residence of sushma swaraj to pay homage to her.
;;-0.4215;;(ani)kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday criticised the manner in which former union minister p chidambaram was sent to tihar jail in the inx media case.
;;0.0;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday asked health officials and hospital administrators to check the feasibility of conducting campus interviews to recruit doctors for government health services.
;;0.5574;;the kmc authorities were asked to make a blueprint to provide filtered water to residents living in ground water zones after chief minister mamatabanerjee asked hakim to adopt extensive projects to provide safe drinking water to kolkata residents.
;;0.0;;it is learnt that mamatabanerjee had particularly pointed out the plight of residents of tollygungejadavpur belt and also wanted the civic body to focus on large areas located off eastern metropolitan bypass.
;;-0.486;;picture used for representational purpose onlykolkata: days after chief minister mamatabanerjee pulled up former mayor of howrah rathin chakraborty for appointing contractual staff without the permission of the finance department, the state municipal affairs department issued a stricture warning to all the urban local bodies (ulbs) not to appoint any casual workers on monthly remuneration basis without the approval of the state government.
;;-0.3724;;the issue came to the fore when chief minister mamatabanerjee pulled up former mayor of howrah municipal corporation rathin chakraborty over appointment of the 419 contractual staff without finance department's approval during the administrative review meeting of howrah district on august 19.
;;0.0;;the north bengal development minister gautam deb said bhutia has written about this in a letter to chief minister mamatabanerjee who is away in delhi at the moment.
;;0.34;;mamata mamatabanerjee at a programme to felicitate doctors at sskm hospital on mondaydownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on doctors day announced a slew of measures to reach out to medics with incentives and patients with new facilities.
;;-0.7713;;state bjp president dilip ghosh demanded the immediate resignation of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee from the post of home minister as she has completely failed to perform her duties in maintaining the law and order situation in the state.
;;0.3927;;while congress has conveyed to partners that it is not amenable to anyone seeking to change the leadership of the opposition grouping that, as upa, successfully ruled delhi for a decade, trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee has made it clear that she is not ready to play second fiddle.
;;0.0;;according to sources, the congress leadership had asked for convenient dates from mamatabanerjee to set up the meeting so that she could attend it, but she has asked her partys parliamentary leaders sudip bandopadhyay and derek o brien to attend.
;;0.9001;;while tmc remains part of the opposition group that mamatabanerjee herself enthusiastically initiated along with congress and others during the presidential election in 2017, she has been changing tack on accepting congresss leadership since rahul gandhi took over as party chief and congress improved its position in the gujarat polls.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 19, 2019preparation for tmc's saturday mega rally, at brigade parade ground in kolkatawest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee meets with dmk president mk stalin and sp chief akhilesh yadav at a city hotel in kolkata, friday (pti)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.6983;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee 's anti-bjp united india rally at brigade on saturday will have representation from most non-nda parties across the country, with leaders arriving in kolkata on friday for the big event.
;;0.6808;;i would like to congratulate madam mamatabanerjee for the pains she has taken to bring opposition parties together, said former arunachal pradesh chief minister gegong apang, who left bjp earlier this week.
;;0.7783;;calling mamatabanerjee a great leader, apang, who will also attend the brigade rally, announced that he would float his own party.
;;0.5106;;he also wants chief minister mamatabanerjee to ask president pratibha patil to posthumously bequeath the nobel prize on the writer.
;;0.5574;;the surprise action  following the recommendation of the state directorate of security  triggered a daylong drama with chief minister mamatabanerjee initially dismissing the development that was later backed up by the state police.
;;0.765;;sovan, whom mamatabanerjee lovingly calls by his nickname kanan, doesnt read much into the sudden slide in his security status.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 10, 2018andhra chief minister chandrababu naidu picked up efforts to unite the opposition from where tmc chief mamatabanerjee .
;;0.0;;picking up from where tmc chief mamatabanerjee left, after her initial efforts to forge opposition unity during the presidential elections in 2017, naidu has broadened the canvas.
;;0.0258;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday threw her weight behind the three-language policy, saying this method would enable them (read schoolkids in bengal) to reach regional, national and international standards.
;;0.6369;;we believe in the freedom of choice and the three language formula, mamatabanerjee wrote on her facebook page.
;;-0.2732;;chief minister mamatabanerjee sent rs 2 lakh as compensation for the kin of each victim.
;;0.4939;;kolkata: humanity is religion, said chief minister mamatabanerjee while inaugurating the park street festival at allen park on friday.
;;0.6597;;the centres cold shoulder to bengals tableau has come as a shock to the mamatabanerjee government, when tableaux from bengal won the first prize in 2013 and 2016.
;;-0.25;;however, like basu, mamatabanerjee used the centres rejection as evidence of a vindication of her alternative narrative to hindutva.
;;0.5423;;taking it forward, mamatabanerjee demanded a national holiday on christmas, when all states have declared a public holiday on that day.
;;0.0;;durgapur (west bengal): bjp national secretary rahul sinha on saturday stated that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee 's posters were deliberately being put above prime minister narendra modi's banners in durgapur.
;;-0.5106;;bjp general secretary kailash vijayvargiya had also warned trinamool congress supremo mamatabanerjee that bjp workers will not be cowed down after violence marred the rally of shah in the state.
;;0.3612;;new delhi: in what could spell fresh trouble for the proposed teesta water sharing pact between india and bangladesh, west bengal cm and trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee pointed out to prime minister narendra modi on thursday the problems the state faces for sharing river waters with the neighbouring country.
;;0.9737;;* the supreme court on may 17 refused to stay yeddyurappa's swearing-in as karnataka cm after congress-jd (s) combine made a last-ditch attempt to stall the saffron party's surge in the southern state* congress mlas and leaders gather at karnataka vidhan sabha to protest against yeddyurappa's swearing in as the cm of karnataka*we will form the government with the support from jd(s), says siddaramaiah after the meeting at ashoka hotel in bengaluru*west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said that the karnataka governor should call the congress and the jd(s) to form the next government*union ministers jp nadda and dharmendra pradhan made observers for legislative party meeting to be held tomorrow in bengaluru*the bjp legislature party to meet tomorrow in bengaluru*congress president rahul gandhi thanks party workers and leaders for their dedication and untiring hard work in support of the party*pm narendra modi, addressing party workers at bjp headquarter, extends his condolences to the families of deceased in varanasi bridge collapse*this is the 15th consecutive election where bjp is going to win: party president amit shah*prime minister narendra modi thanks the people of karnataka for steadfastly supporting bjps development agenda*the coalition has 56 per cent vote share, and the governor has no option but to invite us to form government: congress leader randeep surjewala*congress and jd(s) leaders meet governor; siddaramaiah says extending unconditional support to jd(s)*bjp parliamentary board to meet at 7pm at party headquarters in delhi*congress leader m veerappa moily says jd(s) and congress have enough numbers to form the government in karnataka* bs yeddyurappa meets governor, stakes claim to form government in karnataka* bjp's chief ministerial candidate bs yeddyurappa says he along with union minister ananth kumar will meet karnataka governor this evening to stake claim* three of bjp's ministers -- jp nadda, dharmendra pradhan, and prakash javadekar -- have rushed to bengaluru.
;;-0.0258;;chief minister mamatabanerjee , too, had repeatedly been speaking of tougher laws on lynching and rumour mongering.
;;0.8316;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said that she was happy with the results of the students from madhyamik board and state hs council, as they have done excellently.
;;0.8402;;his statement is anarchist and a clear case of contempt of the supreme court, said bjp spokesperson sambit patra patra said it is surprising that the leaders of the so-called grand alliance like mamatabanerjee , sharad pawar, rahul gandhi and farooq abdullah were silent on kejriwals statements.
;;-0.1779;;mamata mamatabanerjee , who has always claimed to live on high moral ground, startled people by publicly justifying this blatant bribery in her usual belligerent manner.
;;0.0;;howrah: chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday ordered an audit of municipalities across bengal to examine if funds to civic bodies are being properly utilised and municipalities are conforming to finance rules.
;;0.0;;kolkata: the countrys first floating market in a metro will be unveiled by chief minister mamatabanerjee in patuli on wednesday.
;;-0.4019;;purulia/bokaro: uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath addressed a public meeting at purulia's bhangra on tuesday following high drama on both sides of the bengal-jharkhand border along nh-60a, with mamatabanerjee government refusing permission for his chopper to land in the state for the second time in last three days.
;;0.0;;a district administration official said they had changed the venue after receiving a message that mamata's nephew abhiseikh mamatabanerjee was holding a rally at bartaad that falls on the route which yogi was supposed to take earlier.
;;-0.5859;;it's illegal to sell old buildings for them to be destroyed in the uk, something that chief minister mamatabanerjee , with her interest in 'london', might investigate urgently, added amit chaudhuri.
;;0.1406;;locally, the family had tried knocking on the doors of chief minister mamatabanerjee and west midnapore dm as well, but to avail.
;;0.0;;malda: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday called up the 36-year-old widow of rajkumar ray , the presiding officer whose mutilated body was found near railway tracks in raiganj a day after the monday polling.
;;0.7096;;nusrat jahan (photo: ani)kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee called for religious harmony and togetherness on thursday as she inaugurated the iskcon rath yatra festival here, the largest in the city.
;;0.3612;;the training centre will be built on the outskirts of kolkata after the west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee promised 10 acres of land.
;;-0.8074;;kolkata: bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday accused the centre of ignoring intelligence inputs before the pulwama terror attack.
;;0.765;;chief minister mamatabanerjee had called up the ocs wife sumita to assure all assistance and the best medical services.
;;0.4939;;this story is from november 14, 2018cm mamatabanerjee (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said care should be taken of the children as they are the future of our society.
;;0.7184;;on children's day, mamatabanerjee showered blessings on all children and said various schemes like 'sabuj shree' and 'shishu sathi' have been rolled out by her government for their welfare.
;;0.4939;;we must take care of them, mamatabanerjee wrote on her twitter handle.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee is likely to meet the party's core committee on friday to firm up the names of five candidates for the june 8 polls.
;;0.0;;cm mamatabanerjee banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee has sent flowers and a handwritten note, thanking the five senior doctors, who helped facilitate the talks between her and the junior doctors.
;;-0.6249;;even as chief minister mamatabanerjee met prime minister narendra modi in new delhi to discuss just development and not politics, bjp workers upped the ante back home, fighting a pitched battle with police on the streets for close to three hours and paralyzing the heart of the city for the entire afternoon.
;;-0.7935;;a bitter critic of the modi government, mamatabanerjee shed her usual aggression in the national capital on thursday , but didn't take the bjp bengal unit's offensive lightly .
;;-0.4404;;the mamatabanerjee government is scared of the saffron surge in bengal.
;;-0.1815;;while there was speculation about mamatabanerjee could bring up the issue of a consensus candidate for the up coming presidential election, the trinamool chief told reporters that it was a good decision by the then vajpayee government to make apj abdul kalam a consensus candidate, but she didn't find it fit to take up the issue with the government now.
;;0.0;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , too, has courted this community assiduously.
;;0.296;;this time, chief minister mamatabanerjee will share the convocation dais with pm narendra modi and bangladesh pm sheikh hasina.
;;0.0;;in the past, mamatabanerjee had attended the convocation as mp, when rajiv gandhi was prime minister.
;;-0.3818;;the doctors have demanded chief minister mamatabanerjee 's unconditional apology and set six conditions for the state government to withdraw their four-day-long stir that disrupted healthcare services across west bengal among other things, they are are pressing for more stringent laws to protect them from such assaults.
;;0.4767;;in a letter to mamatabanerjee , the union minister has urged her to ensure an amicable end to the protests and provide a secure working environment for doctors.
;;0.4588;;the state tourism department said that chief minister mamatabanerjee had herself taken a lot of interest in p.
;;0.4588;;officials in the state tourism department said that chief minister mamatabanerjee had herself taken a lot of interest in pitching for an intangible heritage status for durga puja .
;;0.4939;;kmc chairperson mala roy heaved a sigh of relief because she had already fixed the filing of nomination on wednesday, days after chief minister mamatabanerjee announced firhads name as mayor-elect and nominated atin ghosh as deputy mayor, after mayor sovan chatterjee put in his papers.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 15, 2018west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (file photo)today is international tea day.
;;0.0;;co/zbhxbcsqfm  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1544838130000download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;kolkata: the west bengal government has allocated over rs 1,000 crore for the welfare of tea garden workers in the state since 2011, chief minister mamatabanerjee said on saturday.
;;0.8462;;not only in bhatpara, but in the entire state there is a need to keep peace, the governor said after chief minister mamatabanerjee gave a 72-hour deadline to cops on thursday to ensure normality returns to bhatpara.
;;0.5423;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee has planned to set up a state highway authority along the lines of the national highway authority of india (nhai) to improve roads in the state.
;;0.4939;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday evening inaugurated the kolkata christmas festival by switching on the lights on the christmas tree outside allen park.
;;0.6908;;we thank chief minister mamatabanerjee for making the christmas festival possible.
;;0.0;;initially, 100 acres were earmarked for bengal silicon valley it hub that was unveiled by chief minister mamatabanerjee last year.
;;0.0;;later, another 100 acres were added, following instructions from mamatabanerjee , given the demands.
;;0.0;;speaking at a public meeting at his camp office in hyderabad, kcr said he received calls from west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , former jharkhand chief minister hemant soren, six mps from maharashtra and jana sena chief pawan kalyan, seeking an alternative front against congress and bjp.
;;0.6597;;addressing party workers on sunday, kcr said, west bengal cm mamatabanerjee called me this afternoon and conveyed support.
;;-0.0772;;i appeal to all political parties in the opposition to work closely together against atrocities, economic calamity and political instability, said west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee * it is unfortunate.
;;-0.6808;;chief minister mamatabanerjee had started a dharna on sunday evening protesting against the alleged highhandedness of the centre and insults meted out to her by prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah.
;;-0.1027;;the investigations in these cases have been sped up in the run up to general elections with the agency recently questioning a close aide of mamatabanerjee at his residence.
;;0.0;;a rs 7,000-crore housing project proposal is coming in the area, said chief minister mamatabanerjee at nabanna on wednesday.
;;-0.9001;;kolkata: the gunshot death of the kin of an independent candidate in the troubled zone of bhangar on friday, barely 24 hours after the calcutta high court compensation- for violence writ on officials, prompted a damage-control exercise led by chief minister mamatabanerjee herself.
;;-0.5267;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee alleged on friday that there is a threat to her life and police is enquiring into it.
;;-0.0258;;over 40,000 doctors and other medical practitioners in maharashtra have decided to support their colleagues in west bengal who are protesting against their chief minister mamatabanerjee , an ima official here said.
;;0.4939;;dozens in the audience donning aap caps got enthusiastic when west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee arrived on stage.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee herself paid a visit to the venue to oversee the arrangements on tuesday.
;;0.2023;;while the speakers, including mamatabanerjee , will be on the top tier of the dais along with trinamool state and union ministers and mps, councillors and mlas will occupy the middle tier.
;;-0.0258;;however, the absence of party chief mamatabanerjee left a large number of singur farmers disappointed.
;;0.6124;;mamata mamatabanerjee (file photo)kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday wrote to prime minister narendra modi to stall and reverse the process of corporatising ordnance factories in the interest of national security and the country's defence.
;;0.552;;describing the reported step as an extremely sensitive and urgent issue, mamatabanerjee also spoke of the importance of the ofb, which manufactures arms and ammunitions for the country's armed forces.
;;0.7003;;its has also been suggested that this will finally lead to privatisation of these great national assets, mamatabanerjee wrote.
;;0.0;;the west bengal government has not received any inkling of discourses that have led to such inexplicable initiatives by the government of india, mamatabanerjee wrote in her letter.
;;-0.6705;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee alleged that the demonetisation move was initiated for the benefit of a handful of people, saying the common men were the worst sufferers.
;;-0.7783;;kolkata: left front members in the west bengal assembly on friday staged a walkout in protest against the remark of chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday that cpm was behind the rumour of poison in drinking water at nodakhali in south 24-parganas.
;;-0.7579;;the walkout was also in protest against the refusal by speaker biman mamatabanerjee to allow discussion on an adjournment motion submitted by cpm members on crisis faced by farmers in the state.
;;-0.7184;;chief minister mamatabanerjee condemned the attack and asked police to take action.
;;0.8834;;however, since chief minister mamatabanerjee has already decided to award the varsity with the status of centre of excellence, a special fund can be allocated to presidency university.
;;-0.0516;;(with inputs from agencies)new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday said that her government is willing to accept all the demands of the agitating doctors and requested them to rejoin services as the stir entered its fifth day.
;;0.3818;;the doctors instead asked mamatabanerjee to visit the nrs medical college and hospital for an open discussion to resolve the impasse.
;;-0.4215;;on friday too, the agitating junior doctors had declined to attend a meeting called by mamatabanerjee at state secretariat, nabanna, saying it was a ploy to break their stir.
;;-0.7506;;the doctors, who are protesting against the assault on two of their colleagues at nrs medical college and hospital, had on friday sought unconditional apology from mamatabanerjee and set six conditions for the state government in order to withdraw their stir.
;;0.3875;;the chief minister did not spare the collapse of the country-wide, anti-bjp mahagathbandhan (grand alliance) either, sought to be propped up by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee in the run-up to the 2019 general elections.
