;;-0.5994;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee hit out at the bjp-led central government on friday for pursuing a political agenda and accused it of placing misleading reports in parliament on the issue of madrasas being used for radicalisation and recruitment activities in two districts of the state.
;;0.7096;;indiaupdated: aug 30, 2019 15:12 isttill dipendu dutta (50) landed in police net on thursday afternoon, many people in bengals jalpaiguri district were pretty much convinced that he was a close aide of chief minister mamatabanerjee and his son was working for election strategist prashant kishor who has been hired by the trinamool congress chief.
;;-0.2033;;also read: mamatabanerjee brings up cut money again, asks villagers not to pay for govt schemesmadan bhattacharya, a tmc darjeeling district committee member, has a different story to tell.
;;0.0258;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday dismissed as a regular affair a rs 11-lakh bounty on her head by a bjp youth wing leader and vowed to spread the trinamool congresss reach to indias heartland.
;;0.4767;;mamata mamatabanerjee is our respected leader and i consider her as my sister.
;;-0.2732;;west bengal  where mamatabanerjee returned to power with a thumping majority last year  has seen mounting clashes between state forces and right-wing elements, who say the trinamool congress is biased towards muslims and is anti-hindu.
;;0.886;;he said leaders such as trinamool chief mamatabanerjee , samajwadi party supremo akhilesh yadav and aam aadmi party (aap) national convener arvind kejriwal, among others, wanted him to join their respective parties, but he had made it clear that whatever be the situation, the constituency he would be contesting in the lok sabha polls would be patna sahib.
;;0.6369;;many people like (tmc chief) mamatabanerjee , (sp president) akhilesh yadav, and (delhi chief minister) arvind kejriwal among others, wanted me to be in their party.
;;-0.7003;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee directed agitating doctors in the state to resume work by 2pm on thursday and threatened to take action if orders are not followed.
;;-0.5719;;at the spot, mamatabanerjee expressed anger at the stir, and gave the doctors a deadline to resume duty.
;;0.7463;;in a statement, trinamool congress leader mamatabanerjee made it clear that the party could not support or vote for the bill moved by the nda government that was being pushed through parliament without taking the principal stakeholders into confidence.
;;0.6956;;party workers and supporters who accompanied shah on the show of strength raised slogans hailing not just the party boss amit shah and pm narendra modi but also chanted jai shri ram, the slogan that the bjp has used to target mamatabanerjee over the last few days.
;;-0.5852;;also read:im chanting jai shri ram arrest me: amit shah dares mamatabanerjee banerjeejust yesterday, amit shah had dared chief minister mamatabanerjee to arrest him for chanting jai shri ram and warned her that she could not really stop the bjps victory march in the state.
;;-0.1531;;the row over chanting jai shri ram owes its origin to a widely-circulated video on social media that shows mamatabanerjee stopping her car at a place in west midnapore district and chasing some persons who chanted jai shri ram as her carcade was passing the area.
;;0.0;;in her explanation that came later, mamatabanerjee contended that jai shri ram had nothing to do with religion as the bjp was attempting to project but was a slogan of the bjp.
;;-0.4019;;when tmc chief mamatabanerjee made her bid to topple the incumbent left front government, similar scenes of violence played out in the state.
;;-0.8481;;ms mamatabanerjee was then in the ascendant, the ruling left was unyielding and unforgiving, and violence spawned more violence.
;;0.8126;;when ms mamatabanerjee came to power in the 2011 assembly elections, ending 34 years of left rule, her success was predicated on winning a large number of cadre over to her side.
;;0.4019;;and ms mamatabanerjee and her party know it.
;;0.7269;;(pti)cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee described the ideal candidate as someone with secular and democratic values who knows the constitution.
;;0.6369;;kejriwal had assured mamatabanerjee that he will support an opposition candidate.
;;0.6705;;tmcs abhishek mamatabanerjee , the nephew of chief minister mamatabanerjee , and tmcs leader in the outgoing lok sabha sudip mamatabanerjee were leading by comfortable margins, too.
;;0.0;;only mamatabanerjee can brief the press today.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, the ed raids on the tmc lawmaker came around the time when west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was meeting home minister amit shah in delhi on thursday.
;;-0.1884;;just a day after west bengal chief minister, mamatabanerjee set up a self-regulatory body to check fat donations to and arbitrary fee hikes by private schools in the state, the authorities of different city-based educational institutions welcomed the move but was not sure of its efficacy.
;;0.2023;;mamata mamatabanerjee hauled up the representatives of a few schools and asked them why they were taking fat amounts to admit students and were raising the various fees arbitrarily.
;;0.2023;;read: mamatabanerjee pulls up kolkata school for playing modis mann ki baat to studentsthe proposed body will have representatives both from the educational institutions and the state government.
;;0.0;;read: after kejriwal, mamatabanerjee slams private schools, sets up regulatory body to check donationsit is catch-22 situation.
;;0.0;;read: mamatabanerjee pulls up private hospitals, to set up a health regulatory commissionincidentally, ananya maity of heritage school topped the isc results with a total score of 99.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has squarely blamed your party for thursdays trouble.
;;0.3818;;indiaupdated: sep 12, 2019 06:59 istunion minister for road transport and highways nitin gadkari on wednesday defended the recent increase in traffic fines, even as west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee joined gujarat in announcing that her government will not implement the revised penalties to save people from the additional burden.
;;-0.4767;;indiaupdated: aug 22, 2019 16:38 istwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday joined dmk chief mk stalin in extending her support to p chidambaram and criticising the way the former union minister was arrested late on wednesday.
;;-0.5423;;mamata mamatabanerjee and mk stalin both questioned the manner in which the 73-year-old congress leader was arrested by officers of the central bureau of investigation (cbi) in a money laundering case related to inx media.
;;0.0;;yadav had also met west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee four days ago.
;;-0.6258;;the crisis that has paralysed darjeeling, one of the countrys most popular hill stations, seems to be the result of the gorkha janmukti morchas (gjm) apprehension of the mamatabanerjee government forcing bengali as a compulsory subject for school students in the hills.
;;-0.3182;;the state government ignored the initial reactions of the gjm and chief minister mamatabanerjee said the morcha leaders were making an issue out of a non-issue.
;;-0.5994;;timeline of darjeeling crisis june 5 west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee reaches darjeeling for a 4-day trip.
;;0.4019;;at a public meeting in mirik, mamatabanerjee announces special audit of gorkhaland territorial administration (gta) to unearth financial irregularities that gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) leaders allegedly indulged in.
;;0.2263;;june 8 gjm supporters organise agitation close to raj bhavan where mamatabanerjee is holding a cabinet meeting.
;;0.0;;roy used to be the tmcs general secretary and a close aide of chief minister mamatabanerjee before switching over to the bjp.
;;-0.6597;;defying warnings of punitive action by chief minister mamatabanerjee , the stir by junior doctors in west bengal continued for the fourth consecutive day on friday with hundreds of doctors in state-run hospitals writing to the authorities saying they would like to resign from their services.
;;-0.7351;;follow live updates here:11:00 am ist bengal junior doctors seek unconditional apology from mamatabanerjee the junior doctors, who are protesting against the assault on two of their colleagues at nrs medical college and hospital, had on friday sought unconditional apology from mamatabanerjee and set six conditions for the state government in order to withdraw their stir, reports news agency pti.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/0gdicadhqs  ani (@ani) june 15, 201910:23 am ist striking junior doctors say they wont attend meeting called by mamatabanerjee at state secretariat on saturday evening striking junior doctors say they wont attend meeting called by chief minister mamatabanerjee at state secretariat on saturday evening, news agency pti.
;;-0.4588;;9:12 am ist mamatabanerjee yesterday invited agitating doctors for meeting mamatabanerjee yesterday invited agitating doctors for meeting at state secretariat to resolve impasse, medicos refusd, reports news agency pti.
;;-0.7506;;the doctors, who are protesting against the assault on two of their colleagues at nrs medical college and hospital, had on friday sought unconditional apology from mamatabanerjee and set six conditions for the state government in order to withdraw their stir.
;;0.7184;;for the first time since the bharatiya janata party (bjp) rattled the trinamool congress (tmc) in its own backyard in the general elections, chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday appealed to the left parties and the congress to come together in the fight against the bjp and save bengal.
;;-0.3818;;mannan, however, said, we dont need lessons from mamatabanerjee on ways to fight the bjp.
;;-0.2732;;the bjp claimed mamatabanerjee was nervous.
;;0.6428;;there is every chance that modi, who appears to be focusing some of his attention to baiting mamatabanerjee currently, will seize this opportunity to contrast his much-vaunted humble tea sellers background with the image of the high-handed memsahib and her bed tea.
;;0.2732;;a committee set up by chief minister mamatabanerjee has instructed civic bodies across bengal to conduct surprise inspections at eateries and shops.
;;0.0;;its almost 8 pm and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is still closeted with her key leaders in a hotel in the centre of cooch behar town.
;;-0.7964;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee expressed grief over mishras death.
;;0.4019;;condolences to his family and his admirers, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
;;0.0;;they are trying to erase the culture of bengal, a combative mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.1531;;a video has appeared in the social media that shows mamatabanerjee stopping her car at a place in west midnapore district and chasing some persons who chanted jai shri ram as her carcade was passing the area.
;;0.0;;ms mamatabanerjee has unleashed her style of development politics that hardly recognises the gorkha identity as a political aspiration.
;;0.7351;;ms mamatabanerjee is within her rights to plan expansion of trinamool congress in the hills, but it will be quite impossible to be accepted as a party representing local aspirations.
;;0.1531;;ms mamatabanerjee is a charismatic leader, who can perhaps keep get the better of gjm and its leaders in the current round of confrontation.
;;0.3818;;in may 2013, the offices of the group were raided by kolkata police after chief minister mamatabanerjee announced her resolve to crack down on the deposit-raising companies.
;;0.6369;;recently, he met west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee who promised her support.
;;-0.296;;trinamool strengthswest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is no stranger to the ups and downs of politics.
;;0.4754;;halfway through her second term, mamatabanerjee remains the most popular mass leader in the state.
;;0.0;;being the sole star campaigner, mamatabanerjee can afford more time to campaign in each constituency.
;;-0.8126;;rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) chief mohan bhagwat on sunday hit out at west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee without naming her for failing to contain the violence that erupted in the state during the lok sabha elections and has continued since.
;;-0.4215;;while chief minister mamatabanerjee remained silent on the issue till sunday afternoon, her ministers fumed at the centre.
;;-0.7269;;in july 2017, mamatabanerjee openly expressed her ire at governor keshari nath tripathi after communal riots broke out in baduria and adjacent basirhat town in north 24 parganas district.
;;-0.128;;doctors from aiims and safdarjung, who had gone on a strike on friday, had given a 48-hour deadline to the west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to meet the demands of the striking doctors from the state.
;;0.5859;;even chief minister mamatabanerjee has said that the opposition only creates hurdles and it is conducive for development work if the party that runs the state also runs the local bodies.
;;0.3291;;eighteen days after the west bengal police made its first arrest in the carcass meat racket, chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday formed a committee of top government and police officials and said the racket has been operating not only in bengal but in other states as well.
;;0.3818;;officials said mamatabanerjee wants the committee to formulate a scientific mechanism for disposal of animal carcass and draft policies to ensure quality of food sold in markets and eateries.
;;0.8126;;he also praised rjd chief lalu prasad for his understanding of bihar and said he joined the congress on his advice and suggestions of other senior leaders of the opposition parties like mamatabanerjee , akhilesh yadav, mayavati and arvind kejriwal.
;;0.4939;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee appealed to protesting doctors in the state to get back to work and ensure that hospitals can run smoothly and peacefully.
;;0.6597;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , an active proponent of the federal front, tweeted, soon after bjps two-day chief minister bs yeddyuruppas resigned: democracy wins.
;;0.5106;;we are challenging mamatabanerjee in bengal, lalu prasad in bihar, telugu desam party (tdp) in andhra pradesh.
;;0.4404;;asansol was a prestige fight for west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , whose trinamool congress party fielded sreemati dev varma, popularly known as moon moon sen to contest bharatiya janata partys babul supriyo, who had in 2014.
;;0.7906;;people familiar with the matter in the samajwadi party said the two leaders would now make courtesy phone calls to the non-congress leaders such as west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee or nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar.
;;-0.1027;;(ht photo)bose, 56, lobbied hard for the declassification of secret files on netaji subhas chandra bose and contested assembly elections in 2016 on a bjp ticket against chief minister mamatabanerjee from bhawanipore constituency in south kolkata.
;;0.8074;;at different point of time, names of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , samajwadi party leader mulayam singh yadav and bahujan samaj party mayawati have been projected by supporters as potential pm candidates.
;;0.0;;karnataka chief minister hd kumaraswamy, in january this year, said mamatabanerjee has all the qualities to be the pm.
;;0.4019;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee extended full support to the maidan heavyweights, according to ifa president utpal ganguli, who had a meeting with the cm.
;;-0.296;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday told the officials in her administration that there was no need to follow the centres notification banning the sale of cattle for slaughter at animal markets till the state government issued a direction to that effect.
;;0.0;;incidentally, mamatabanerjee will also be the first chief minister of bengal to be present on the dais along with indian prime minister narendra modi, who is chancellor of the central university.
;;0.0;;former prime minister hd deve gowdas son, hd kumaraswamy, is likely to be the next chief minister of karnataka, said bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday evening, a few hours before voting starts in karnataka.
;;0.0;;i think his son will become the next chief minister, said mamatabanerjee during an interview with a bengali tv channel.
;;0.4215;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has been personally monitoring a road safety programme over the past two years.
;;-0.4939;;indiaupdated: sep 03, 2019 08:35 isttrinamool congress (tmc) on monday decided to hold an agitation against the exclusion of about 19 lakh names from the national register of citizens (nrc) in assam with chief minister mamatabanerjee set to lead a rally in kolkata on september 12.
;;0.25;;at the time of release, she shall tender an apology in writing, a vacation bench comprising justices indira mamatabanerjee and sanjiv khanna said, news agency ani reportedpriyanka sharmas plea was mentioned before the bench for an urgent hearing on monday.
;;0.4019;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday alleged that the four senior police officers transferred by the election commission on friday was at the behest of the opposition bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders.
;;0.34;;diamond harbour happens to be the constituency from where mamatabanerjee banerjees nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee is contesting.
;;-0.6908;;anuj sharma and gyanwant singh were among a few police officers seen by the side of chief minister mamatabanerjee , when she started a dharna at esplanade in kolkata on the night of february 3 to protest the attempt by a team of central bureau of investigation officers to enter the residence of former kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar to question him on his alleged involvement in the saradha ponzi scam.
;;0.4215;;meanwhile, thackeray will meet west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee this week, seeking her support for his campaign against the use of evms.thackeray will reach the state on tuesday night, and will visit various sites in kolkata on wednesday.
;;-0.2732;;the relation between prime minister narendra modi and bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is passing through a historic low.
;;-0.8126;;opening another front in her fight against prime minister narendra modi on demonetisation, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday accused him of removing crucial files related to the notes ban.
;;0.0;;however, after chief minister mamatabanerjee advocated polling before the islamic month of ramzan started (likely on march 16), he issued another notification switching to a single-phase schedule.
;;0.2732;;read: bengal carcass meat probe: cops posed as traders to nab key players; bank accounts under scannerthe high-level committee set up by chief minister mamatabanerjee held its first meeting on thursday and instructed civic bodies across bengal to conduct surprise inspections at eateries and shops.
;;0.6597;;asked if the tweet by the tmcs chief whip reflected the party stand, derek o brien pointed to a statement put out by the bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee that, he said, spelt out the party line.
;;0.5635;;in this statement, mamatabanerjee made it clear that the trinamool congress could not support or vote for the bill moved by the nda government that was being pushed through parliament without taking the stakeholders into confidence.
;;0.4019;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and her delhi counterpart arvind kejriwal will campaign for chandrababu naidus telugu desam party at a mega rally in the port town of visakhapatnam on sunday evening.
;;-0.34;;alleging that ias officers from the west bengal cadre are increasingly losing out career progression opportunities because of the reluctance of the mamatabanerjee government in releasing officers for central deputation, the association pointed out that currently only 12 ias officers from the state are on central deputation against the states central deputation reserve (cdr) poll of 78.
;;0.0;;according to many, the deteriorating relation between prime minister narendra modi and bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has also cast its shadow on the movement of bureaucrats between the state and the centre.
;;0.0;;this department is under the charge of chief minister mamatabanerjee herself.
;;0.0;;hard pressed to find a way out, mamatabanerjee had invited four representatives of the protesters for talks at the state secretariat at 5 pm in the presence of five prominent doctors of the city.
;;0.0;;subsequently, mamatabanerjee held a series of meetings with the junior health minister, chief secretary, health secretary and five veteran doctors.
;;-0.9062;;in the past two years, chief minister mamatabanerjee pulled up the forest department and local administration for failing to rein in instances of elephants killing human beings and destroying crops and property.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is displaying selective amnesia when it comes to land movements.
;;0.6249;;what is ironic is that the person wielding the hand is none other than ms mamatabanerjee , the pugnacious leader who took to the streets for farmers rights and came to power riding on her role in the anti-land acquisition movements in singur and nandigram in 2006 and 2007, respectively.
;;-0.3818;;rather than branding villagers like terrorists, it is time ms mamatabanerjee addressed their legitimate concerns.
;;-0.3818;;having positioned herself as a player in national politics  even a possible prime minister in the event of modi losing his majority  mamatabanerjee found herself on the backfoot in her home turf.
;;0.296;;in this context, by flying off the handle over taunts of jai shri ram and following it up with a visible show of solidarity with muslims at an id gathering in kolkata, mamatabanerjee may have deepened communal faultlines.
;;-0.4393;;finally, despite the outward show of irritation, mamatabanerjee may not be displeased that jai shri ram has become the symbol of protest.
;;-0.1027;;however, in the case of mamatabanerjee , the culture war would have stood a greater chance of success had the state not borne silent witness to the tmcs crude high-handedness.
;;0.0;;while dashing her national ambitions, west bengal hasnt entirely repudiated mamatabanerjee as yet.
;;-0.4092;;but mere rhetoric will not help the 53-year old gorkha leader now, faced that he is with the full might of chief minister mamatabanerjee who has vowed to prevent any bifurcation of west bengal at any cost.
;;0.0;;our chief minister mamatabanerjee , too, has shown similar gestures.
;;-0.5574;;placing the bill in the house, chief minister mamatabanerjee announced that her government is also contemplating compensation of up to rs 5 lakh for the victims and a job for the victims kin.
;;-0.4497;;but the mamatabanerjee government seems to allow no space for democratic means of protest.
;;-0.4019;;the bhangar land movement has turned out to be one of the biggest embarrassments for the mamatabanerjee government.
;;0.1779;;its indeed funny to hear the theory of outsider from mamatabanerjee who herself had contested this theory when the cpi(m) accused her of being an outsider in singur and nandigram.
;;-0.0772;;the gjm has already lost considerable ground ever since chief minister mamatabanerjee created 15 development boards for different hill communities and carried out development projects despite opposition from the gjm-run gorkhaland territorial administration (gta).
;;0.4019;;the janata dal (united), or jd(u), has left it to poll strategist prashant kishor to explain his recent meeting with west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee at the party national executive in patna on sunday.
;;0.34;;kumar expressed surprise that nobody had made a noise when kishor worked for a party in andhra pradesh but was doing so after his meeting with mamatabanerjee in kolkata on thursday.
;;-0.8271;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , too, does not believe that netaji died in the 1945 disaster.
;;-0.875;;read: netaji died in 1945 aircrash, says centre in rti reply; family demands probethe recent rti disclosure from the central government, declaring that netaji died in the plane crash, has earned severe criticism not only from the members of the bose family, but also from the bengal unit of bjp, which feared chief minister mamatabanerjee would use it to her advantage against the modi government.
;;0.0;;trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , however, believes otherwise.
;;0.3182;;lashed out chief minister mamatabanerjee leaving the representative of one of the prominent private hospitals of kolkata fumbling for answers.
;;0.0;;recently chief minister mamatabanerjee cracked whip on private hospital and nursing homes and proposed to bring in state health regulatory commission.
;;-0.2732;;chief minister mamatabanerjee had on wednesday at a meeting with representatives of different private hospitals warned them against over-charging patients and negligence in treatment, apart from announcing setting up of a regulatory commission to monitor their functioning.
;;-0.3182;;chief minister mamatabanerjee , who rushed to kolkatas national medical college and hospital where some of the injured were admitted, said, there was a large crowd at kachua loknath temple this year.
;;0.0;;on july 23, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had written to prime minister narendra modi not to corporatise and privatise ordnance factories.
;;0.8104;;the narada sting operation has posed the biggest trouble for chief minister mamatabanerjee so far, as the faces seen in the video are some if the most prominent and powerful leaders in the party  saugata roy, suvendu adhikari, sultan ahmed, aparupa poddar, kakoli ghosh dastidar, prasun mamatabanerjee (lok sabha mp), subrata mukherjee, firhad (bobby) hakim, madan mitra (ministers), iqbal ahmed (mla), sovan chatterjee (mla and kolkata mayor) s m h mirza (ips officer who claimed to be taking the money on behalf of party mp mukul roy).
;;0.0;;the refusal comes against the backdrop of differences between bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and her bihar counterpart nitish kumar over demonetisation.
;;0.0;;bihar chief minister nitish kumar incurred the wrath of bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee when he refused to join her in her campaign against demonetisation.
;;0.0;;the mamatabanerjee government earns more than 10  of its own tax revenue from alcohol.
;;-0.8718;;read: no liquor ban impact on revenue, says nitishbengal government sources said mamatabanerjee is extremely unhappy with the role of nitish kumar during her nationwide protest against demonetisation announced on november 8 last year.
;;-0.4588;;on november 30, 2016, when mamatabanerjee organised an anti- demonetisation rally in patna, she described nitish kumar as a traitor without naming him for supporting the note ban.
;;0.3818;;the railways psu was relieved from the catering responsibility by the then railway minister mamatabanerjee in 2010.
;;0.1027;;since june 18, when chief minister mamatabanerjee asked the tmc rank and file to return any cut money they had taken from those entitled to government welfare schemes, there have been numerous agitations in different parts of the state by common people and opposition parties alike.
;;-0.4767;;terming her poster with congress chief sonia gandhi, sp chief akhilesh yadav, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , rjd chief lalu prasad yadav and jd (u) leader sharad yadav as mischievous, mayawati said, reports carried in media on the basis of the poster uploaded on twitter were wrong.
;;-0.4215;;mukul roy held chief minister mamatabanerjee directly responsible for unleashing violence against the bjp workers.
;;0.0;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee will also be present at the convocation of the visva-bharati university, an institution founded by rabindranath tagore that modi heads in the capacity of chancellor.
;;0.0;;the issue of rohingya resettlement is one of the many subjects on which mamatabanerjee differs sharply with the bjp-led central government.
;;-0.7579;;while finance minister amit mitra placed the budget with chief minister mamatabanerjee by his side, opposition mlas, who boycotted the days session in protest against a proposed anti-arson law, held a mock budget session on the lawn outside the house with all the trappings of a street theatre.
;;0.0;;addressing a rally at canning in joynagar lok sabha constituency, shah said mamatabanerjee has turned sonar bangla (golden bengal) into kangal (pauper) bangla.
;;-0.4854;;the bjp leader also dared west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to arrest him for chanting jai shri ram, claiming that the tmc supremo can stop him from attending rallies in bengal, but wont be able to stop bjps victory march in the state.
;;-0.5719;;a video clip showing mamatabanerjee fuming at people for chanting jai shri ram in ghatal lok sabha seat went viral on social media recently.
;;0.128;;on a day when the situation in darjeeling showed signs of returning to normal, the mamatabanerjee government mounted further pressure on gorkha janmukti morcha president and gorkhaland territorial administration ceo bimal gurung by adding six more officers to the existing team of six-member special audit team probing financial misconduct in gta.
;;-0.5106;;therefore, he is angry, remarked mamatabanerjee addressing the media on saturday.
;;0.4019;;speaking at a public meeting on june 5 in mirik, chief minister mamatabanerjee announced the decision of the special audit in the finances of gta, the semi-autonomous body that looks into the affairs of the hills.
;;-0.3612;;he alleges the rss is the only force fighting chief minister mamatabanerjee who has pandered to muslims and helped their population explode.
;;0.3875;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , however, said the cyclone did not cause much damage in the state.
;;0.0;;there will be round the clock monitoring, said chief minister mamatabanerjee at an election rally in rajarhat.
;;-0.8316;;mocking prime minister narendra modi for his failure to build ram temple at ayodhya in the last five years, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee criticised him for seeking votes in the name of soldiers and martyrs.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee also slammed the central board of direct taxation (cbdt) over its clarification on the notice to durga puja committees and claimed that it was factually incorrect.
;;-0.4019;;it is only obvious that for pujas held this year, notices will only be issued next year, which is as per their scheme of tax assessment, mamatabanerjee explained asking why the agency was misleading people.
;;0.9022;;while bjp aims to win at least 22 of the lok sabha seats in the state, trinamool supremo and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is trying to help form an anti-bjp front of regional parties for the parliament elections, looks toward an opposition-mukt state at every level.
;;0.4404;;however, despite the bjps overall distant second position, it made a mark in the former maoist belts in the districts of jhargram, purulia, west midnapore and bankura  a region where mamatabanerjee was fond of highlighting the governments welfare projects.
;;0.0;;a tiff erupted, rujira mamatabanerjee made a call, and the state police appeared inside the airport to escort the women out -- without customs clearance.
;;0.0;;however, it has been found that for the pan issued to ms naroola under the name of rujira mamatabanerjee , the fathers name has been mentioned as gursharan singh ahuja, the letter said, adding, while gambhirs has a passport and an oci card as a citizen of thailand, it has been found that she has obtained a pan as a citizen of india.
;;0.0;;tmc mp abhishek mamatabanerjee did not respond to an email seeking comment.
;;-0.3612;;it said the rti application had sought information concerning detention of one ms. jasmit ahuja mamatabanerjee (another name of rujira banerjee), and on the night of 16.
;;0.0;;a professor at dr shakuntala misra national rehabilitation university, lucknow, courted controversy with his facebook post describing west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee as goddess durga (mahishasura mardini -- slayer of mahishasura).
;;0.0;;to me, if there is anyone who resembles durga, it is mamatabanerjee banerjee.
;;0.4588;;the opposition parties will leave no stone unturned to garner support for presidential election, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.7572;;but mamatabanerjee maintained, i will be really happy if pranab da (president mukherjee) gets another term in office.
;;0.0;;while placing the bill, chief minister mamatabanerjee announced that her government is also contemplating compensation of up to rs. 5 lakh and a job for the next of kin.
;;-0.6652;;but the much-delayed teesta water-sharing pact will remain on hold as the centre has failed to get west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on board.
;;-0.3182;;roy, a former tmc leader who joined the saffron camp in 2017 following differences with mamatabanerjee , also mocked the trinamool congress over it appointing political strategist prashant kishor.
;;0.34;;kishor recently held a series of meetings with mamatabanerjee and her nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee over the tmcs performance in the lok sabha polls and on the ways to revive it ahead of the 2021 west bengal assembly polls.
;;0.4215;;i am speaking out since mamatabanerjee has given us an opportunity, he alleged.
;;0.296;;also read:in setback to mamatabanerjee , trinamool mla, 11 councillors switch to bjpbjp bengal unit president dilip ghosh said, from getting admission in the college to set up a toilet, people have to give tmc leaders a share for everything.
;;0.1779;;a new twist was added to the issue on saturday when popular bengali singer nachiketa chakraborty, who is known to be close to mamatabanerjee , uploaded on youtube his new song on commissions or cut money in which the lyrics include the word didimoni (elder sister) which is commonly used for banerjee.
;;-0.1027;;chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is battling efforts by the bjp to gain a foothold in the states politics, said her up counterparts comments were shocking.
;;0.1027;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is one of the fiercest critics of bjp and has vowed to contain the partys growth in her state.
;;-0.1695;;i will not allow anarchy in bengal, said chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday.
;;0.2732;;indiaupdated: sep 10, 2019 16:54 istunion minister smriti irani on tuesday hit out at west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee for her opposition to the nrc, saying that the bjp-led government at the centre is committed to protecting the rights of each and every citizen of the country.
;;-0.743;;criticising mamatabanerjee for her opposition to the nrc, irani said, it proves the dichotomy on her stand on illegal immigrants.
;;0.4404;;the belligerent stand taken by mamatabanerjee is preventing the people of the state from availing the benefits provided by the central government, that could have reached farmers, women and children.
;;-0.4215;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is involved in a bitter tussle with the bjp in bengal, and telangana chief minister k chandrashekar rao, who is reported to be busy due to inauguration of kaleshwaram lift irrigation project, did not attend the meeting.
;;0.0;;we may have differences, but we have decided to come together on this issue, congress vice-president rahul gandhi had said last year, indicating to trinamool congress (tmc) chief and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , who was sitting beside him.
;;0.3612;;chief ministers in the past have experimented with their names like former tamil nadu cm late j jayalalithaa adding an extra a or west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee adding an extra letter for a while.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 19, 2019 09:54 iston august 13, trinamool congress mla manas majumdar travelled to kamalbati village in west bengals hooghly district as part of the gramey chalo (go to villages) campaign, launched by chief minister mamatabanerjee to give disgruntled people a chance to vent their grievances.
;;0.2023;;stunned by the bharatiya janata party (bjp) picking up 18 of the states 42 seats in the general elections, mamatabanerjee has drafted in political strategist prashant kishor to help with damage control.
;;-0.2263;;on kishors advice, mamatabanerjee has launched the didike bolo (tell didi) campaign, in which people can send her complaints on a helpline number and an email id, and the gramey cholo campaign, in which 1,000 elected public representatives will visit 10,000 villages in 100 days.
;;0.34;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee who had ruled out negotiations with junior doctors who stopped work to demand better security on friday received dollops of advice from different quarters on ending the doctors strike.
;;-0.4215;;actor-filmmaker aparna sen also nudged mamatabanerjee to change her stance a bit and take a more humane view of the threats faced by doctors.
;;0.6249;;naidu, who exit polls say faces a tough challenge on home turf by jagan mohan redddy of the ysrcp, met mayawati and akhilesh yadav last week and is scheduled to meet trinamool leader mamatabanerjee in kolkata today, a day after pollsters predicted good gains for the bjp in west bengal.
;;0.4588;;in recent months, cbis efforts to question kumar have been seen by mamatabanerjee and the tmc as part of the bjps grand plan for the state.
;;-0.0258;;the west bengal government led by chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday approved 10  reservation in government jobs and educational institutions for the economically weaker sections (ews) from general category.
;;0.0;;backward classes welfare minister rajib mamatabanerjee explained that the reservation is for the people from the general classes.
;;0.0772;;a meeting of the trustees of the 165-year-old mosque decided to remove barkati - considered close to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee - for objectionable and inflammatory remarks against the country.
;;0.0;;the cleric said he was will speak to mamatabanerjee on her return from delhi.
;;-0.5423;;on may 13, mamatabanerjee sent urban development minister firhad hakim to chastise him and also to force him to remove the red beacon on his car.
;;-0.6249;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee alleged on monday that the centre and the cadres of the ruling bjp were trying to incite violence in the state and conspiring to bring down her government.
;;0.0;;this is their game plan to throttle my voice, because they know that mamatabanerjee is the only person in the country to raise voice against them.
;;0.2023;;doctors of state-run medical colleges and hospitals in west bengal demanding better security will meet chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday to put across their demands as thousands of patients have been affected by the ongoing agitation.
;;0.0;;officials said mamatabanerjee may hold a meeting at the state secretariat at 3pm on monday.
;;0.1901;;they said on sunday they are ready for talks with mamatabanerjee but said the chief minister will have to meet them in the presence of journalists and representatives of all the 14 medical colleges in the state.
;;-0.25;;they had earlier insisted that mamatabanerjee visit the citys nrs medical college and hospital, the epicentre of the agitation.
;;-0.128;;the protesting doctors said that mamatabanerjee is free to choose the venue for the meeting but the conditions set by them will have to be met, a demand that came a day after they turned down the chief ministers appeal for a dialogue at the state secretariat.
;;0.3567;;incidentally, the saffron camps plan to celebrate ram navami has already triggered a reaction from chief minister mamatabanerjee who pointed out that she doesnt have any objection to anybody celebrating the birthday of rama, but it should not create communal disharmony in the state.
;;-0.4404;;the movement has become a major embarrassment and headache for the mamatabanerjee government.
;;-0.5812;;the developments in bhangar show that mamatabanerjee , who came in power using the singur and nandigram movements, is doing a worse act in bhangar and the people will not allow her to get away with it, the octogenarian said.
;;0.7184;;wherever one party is strong, others must rally around it, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said over the phone on thursday.
;;0.6124;;west bengals mamatabanerjee , who was talking of a non-congress, non-bjp club, made it clear that the congress must also play a role.
;;0.0;;according to people present at the function, mamatabanerjee had long chats with nationalist congress partys sharad pawar, sps akhilesh yadav, rashtriya janata dals tejashwi yadav and others.
;;-0.4215;;andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu, who recently broke away from the national democratic alliance, held a separate meeting with mamatabanerjee and the two are believed to have discussed plans for 2019.
;;-0.5719;;the former indian police service (ips) officer, once considered close to chief minister mamatabanerjee , also said stones were thrown at her convoy and that crude bombs were hurled at her car.
;;0.6081;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday said she can contest from any part of the country but chose not to do so as does not want division of votes, adding that stronghold of regional parties in states is a must.
;;0.6486;;the reference was obviously to the bjp workers shouting jai shri ram slogans during election rallies and later greeting chief minister mamatabanerjee with the chants wherever she went prompting her to declare that her party would counter bjps slogan with the jai hind and jai bangla slogans.
;;0.2263;;the cut money is a reference to mamatabanerjee asking those who embezzled funds from government welfare schemes through cut money (commission) to return it to the original beneficiaries.
;;-0.3612;;nag also pointed out how in early 2017, the movement of returning the land of the tata motors plant in singur led by tmc chief mamatabanerjee was made a part of the class 8 history books in the state.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and the cpm, which rules kerala, spoke in a rare voice of unity between the two arch rivals against the narendra modi government.
;;0.0;;kolkataupdated: aug 27, 2019 12:05 istover the past seven days, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has done it thrice.
;;0.0;;on august 19, mamatabanerjee paid a sudden visit to a slum in howrah town on her way to an administrative review meeting for howrah district.
;;0.7906;;a trinamool congress minister close to mamatabanerjee said that though a massive public outreach campaign is currently on in the state under the didike bolo and grame chalo campaigns, the chief minister herself wants to understand the psyche of the common people, a good number of who have moved away from the ruling party, as was evident in the lok sabha elections.
;;-0.5423;;according to them, the idea that tmc wants to portray now is that even if other tmc leaders fail the people, there is mamatabanerjee who can turn everything around.
;;-0.296;;in short, the tmc-appointed political strategist prashant kishors present focus is on building a larger than life image of the tmc chief and to spread the message that there is no alternative to mamatabanerjee , said psephologist biswanath chakraborty, a professor of political science at rabindra bharati university.
;;-0.4284;;amal mukhopadhyay, former principal of presidency college, thinks that mamatabanerjee is resorting to gimmicks because she has no explanation for her failures, especially in job creation.
;;-0.2263;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday launched an oblique attack on the bharatiya janata party, saying one section of a religious group and the sister organisations of the ruling party at the centre have engineered a hate campaign against her.
;;-0.2732;;west bengal  where mamatabanerjee returned to power with a thumping majority last year  has seen mounting clashes between state forces and right-wing elements, who say the trinamool is biased towards muslims and is anti-hindu.
;;-0.7264;;in bengal, chief minister mamatabanerjee said modi has been blabbering lies in the last five years and has not fulfilled a single promise made during the last general election in 2014.
;;0.0;;embarking on her first major project that is not related to public utility or welfare, chief minister mamatabanerjee is all set to construct a temple for lord jagannath, one of the incarnations of vishnu.
;;0.25;;after appeasing muslims for years, mamatabanerjee is building the temple to fulfil her obligation towards hindus.
;;0.0;;last week, mamatabanerjee visited east midnapore to hold administrative review meetings.
;;0.0;;in his social media post, professor indraneel dasgupta of the indian statistical institute, an alumnus of the university of california, has written: now mamatabanerjee wants to set up a jagannath temple in digha to rival the one in puri.
;;-0.1779;;now that the noose around him has tightened and other officers in mamatabanerjee government have started to panic, she is out to protect her nephew (and lok sabha mp abhishek banerjee) and herself.
;;0.7579;;the strike was called off after west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee assured them of improved hospital security.
;;0.0516;;indiaupdated: sep 18, 2019 18:40 istat her first meeting with prime minister narendra modi in two years, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday invited pm modi to inaugurate the worlds second largest coal block in west bengal and asked him fast-track approval to the states request to change its name to bangla.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee sought to make the same point when she later met reporters.
;;0.0;;it is also an electoral validation for the development programme of mamatabanerjee , who visited the hills dozens of times in the past few years and deployed many heavyweight ministers in mirik.
;;-0.4404;;earlier this year, mamatabanerjee also upgraded mirik from a block to a subdivision, as a result of which residents dont need to travel to the subdivision town (earlier it was kurseong about three hours away) for various administrative work.
;;-0.296;;indiaupdated: aug 18, 2019 12:59 istwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday asserted that people have the right to know what happened to netaji subhas chandra bose, while remembering the son of the soil on the day he reportedly went missing 74 years ago.
;;0.6249;;people have a right to know about the great son of the soil, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
;;-0.7096;;agitations across the state have left the state of west bengal in turmoil since chief minister mamatabanerjee last month asked the tmc leaders, who took cut money to return it.
;;0.7003;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has started revamping her trinamool congress party to checkmate the bharatiya janata party (bjp) ahead of the 2019 general elections even as the saffron party mocked her exercise.
;;0.6124;;according to party leaders familiar with the matter, mamatabanerjee replaced ministers, hailing from lok sabha constituencies of sabha alipurduar, jhargram and krishnanagar north, the three seats where the bjps vote share tripled in the rural polls.
;;0.296;;mamata mamatabanerjee has taken the revamp seriously and has made herself the in-charge of tribal affairs to counter the bjps rising influence in tribal areas, especially in purulia and bankura, where the partys performance was better than anticipated.
;;0.2023;;if they consider the trouble as local issue and cast their votes looking up to mamatabanerjee , it will be fine for the ruling party.
;;-0.0772;;mamata mamatabanerjee , who has been leading talks with regional parties to try and cobble up a third front to defeat the bjp, sent her urban development minister, firhad hakim aka bobby hakim.
;;0.5106;;yadav also telephoned mamatabanerjee during the day and discussed the strategy of the mahagathbandhan, news agency press trust of india reported.
;;0.6597;;naidu had a 45-minute meeting with mamatabanerjee on the future strategies of the mahagathbandhan (grand alliance), during which he discussed the possibilities of forming a non-bjp government, which would include regional parties, with the support of the congress.
;;0.802;;naidu also briefed mamatabanerjee regarding his meetings with congress president rahul gandhi, united progressive alliance chairperson sonia gandhi, nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar and communist party of india-marxist general secretary sitaram yechury, on sunday.
;;0.6249;;people familiar with the matter in the sp said the two leaders would now make courtesy phone calls to the non-congress leaders like west bengal cm mamatabanerjee or ncp chief sharad pawar.
;;0.7579;;while ncp chief sharad pawar said administrative experience made west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , bahujan samajwadi party (bsp) chief mayawati and andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu better options for the prime ministership, the congress insisted they would get adequate seats to form the government with its president rahul gandhi as prime minister.
;;0.8074;;however, parties led by mamatabanerjee , mayawati and naidu have not joined the congress-led united progress alliance (upa), keeping all possibilities open after the elections.
;;-0.2263;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee demanded a clarification from prime minister narendra modi.
;;-0.3182;;four cooperatives formed by workers of closed tea gardens in bengal as a desperate measure in the absence of bidders have hit a roadblock of policy fix of the mamatabanerjee government that cannot decide whether to lease out the land of the gardens to these cooperatives.
;;0.7845;;keen to forge deeper ties with non-bjp parties on a national platform, west bengal chief minister, mamatabanerjee may attend a couple of rallies of samajwadi party- congress in uttar pradesh, where both rahul gandhi and akhilesh yadav will be present.
;;0.0;;the schism between mamatabanerjee and narendra modi has never been so wide as it is now.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has already targeted bjp over the issue and police have lodged firs against organisers for brandishing swords in the rallies.
;;-0.6808;;vhp leaders condemned bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee alleging that she is siding up with fundamentalist forces and ignoring hindu sentiments in the state.
;;0.128;;incidentally, these parts have been the focus areas of chief minister mamatabanerjee ever since she took charge in 2011, and launched several projects aimed at developing infrastructure in these areas.
;;-0.1531;;taking aim at chief minister mamatabanerjee , ghosh said: let the chief minister try stopping dilip ghosh.
;;-0.4576;;chief minister mamatabanerjee earlier said she wanted the polls before the holy month of ramzan began (likely on may 16), the most oppressive phase of summer and the onset of the monsoons.
;;0.5994;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has declined an invitation to join prime minister narendra modis meeting with chiefs of political party to discuss four topics including simultaneous lok sabha and assembly elections.
;;0.25;;if you only do so, we will be able to give concrete suggestions on this important subject, mamatabanerjee wrote to union parliamentary affairs minister pralhad joshi.
;;0.7184;;chief minister mamatabanerjee wrapped up her last lok sabha campaign address in diamond harbour last thursday by reciting select lines of the chandi, the 700-verse devi mahamaya text in sanskrit, which describes the goddess as the supreme power and creator, along with some from the shahada, islams most sacred declaration.
;;0.0;;but irrespective of the composition of the electorate and at every rally, mamatabanerjee made it a point to recite a few lines from the chandi, that are chanted during prayers to deities durga, jagatdhatri, basanti and annapurna.
;;0.9186;;and in a bid to reach out to christians, mamatabanerjee never failed to add god is great, god is good, to her campaign speeches too.
;;0.0;;defending mamatabanerjee , senior tmc leader and minister jyoti priya mallick said, by chanting from religious scriptures she has established her secular credentials.
;;-0.128;;though they have suffered electorally ever since the bjp started rising in bengal, the communist party of india (marxist) leaders allege that mamatabanerjee is following the bjps path.
;;0.0;;after coming to power, mamatabanerjee introduced stipends for imams.
;;0.5106;;chowdhury, who is a strong detractor of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , was called by the prime minister at the end of the meeting which he had attended as one of the congress representatives.
;;0.0;;while campaigning for the lok sabha polls, narendra modi had said in north bengal that the bjp would change the face of naxalbari and alleged that the mamatabanerjee government had done little for it.
;;0.4019;;when shah was touring naxalbari, mamatabanerjee was attending a public meeting organised by the kamtapur progressive party at rashmela grounds in cooch behar district about 200 kms away.
;;0.0;;on wednesday, shah will visit a few households in bhawanipore, the constituency of bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , where he will hold a similar exercise.
;;-0.4767;;in south bengal, chief minister mamatabanerjee scoffed at gjm agitators.
;;0.0;;after chief minister mamatabanerjee met him on saturday, kolkata police offered body guards and police protection.
;;-0.5106;;modi said that mamatabanerjee was sensing defeat and thus was losing her cool.
;;-0.4588;;modi, who has referred to mamatabanerjee as speed-breaker didi, has during his previous rallies accused her of stalling all development projects in the state.
;;0.4019;;didi, your companions are openly claiming that india should have two prime ministers, modi had said, in an apparent reference to the unity rally organised by mamatabanerjee which had been attended by the leaders of more than 20 opposition parties.
;;-0.4576;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said, extremely saddened at the passing away of arun jaitley ji, after a battle bravely borne.
;;0.8625;;praising west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and odisha chief minister naveen patnaik for giving 41 and 33 per cent to women candidates respectively, she said all other parties need to wake up as they only pay lip service to womens causes.
;;-0.5106;;upset and appalled to know that other than mamatabanerjee , who has given 41 per cent and navin patnaik, who has given 33 per cent to women candidates, all other parties only pay lip service to our cause.
;;0.0;;speaking at a teachers conference in kolkata on january 7, chief minister mamatabanerjee announced that her government will set up the university close to tagores visva bharati.
;;0.4939;;chief minister mamatabanerjee remains confident that trinamool congress will hold west bengal.
;;-0.2732;;congress adhir ranjan chowdhury, who is a staunch critic of cm mamatabanerjee , has the lead from berhampore constituency.
;;0.0;;9:54 am ist mimi chakraborty, actress-turned-politician of the tmc takes the lead in jadavpur constituency once close to mamatabanerjee , former ips officer bharati ghosh, is leading from ghatal by almost a 1000 votes, according to the recent trends from the eci.
;;0.4767;;bharati ghosh had returned a medal and certificate for commendable service that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee gave her on august 15, 2014.
;;0.34;;9:47 am ist saumitra khan of the bjp takes lead over shyamal santra of the trinamool congress mamatas nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee who had sent a defamation notice to the prime minister leads from diamond harbour by 3800 votes, according to early trends.
;;-0.4215;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee appealed to agitating doctors in the state to rejoin work and the centre asked her government for a report into the matter, even as striking medical professionals said on saturday they will continue their protest against attacks on doctors because there was no honest initiative by the chief minister to resolve the matter.
;;0.3818;;hours before mamatabanerjee appeared to soften her stance on saturday by assuring that the careers of the doctors will not be hampered, the striking junior doctors in west bengal turned down the cms proposal for talks at the state secretariat.
;;-0.2263;;they demanded that mamatabanerjee hold an open discussion at the hospital and not a closed-door meeting.
;;0.5719;;west bengal governor keshari nath tripathi wrote to mamatabanerjee and advised her to take immediate steps to provide security to the doctors and find a solution to the impasse.
;;-0.7944;;the crisis in darjeeling seemed to deepen with the all-party meeting called by gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) leaders on tuesday afternoon ending a unanimous decision to fight for a separate state of gorkhaland that was a direct challenge to chief minister mamatabanerjee who has vowed not to allow a split of bengal.
;;-0.1695;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has vowed not to allow gorkhaland to carved out of west bengal.
;;0.0;;(samir jana/ht photo)incidentally, chief minister mamatabanerjee was in a one-on-one meeting with prime minister narendra modi in delhi when the bjp-police showdown went live on television.
;;-0.25;;bjp organised an agitation in kolkata while mamatabanerjee met modi in delhi.
;;0.2732;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee also greeted the nation on this occasion.
;;0.4215;;heartiest greetings to all on the occasion of saraswati pujo, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
;;-0.34;;it all happened three hours after chief minister mamatabanerjee announced at a government programme in bengals purulia district that she would take legal action against those who brandished weapons at ram navami rallies.
;;-0.8519;;resident doctors of aiims and safdarjung hospital, who resumed work after having boycotted it on friday, saturday have a 48-hour ultimatum to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to meet the demands of the states agitating doctors, failing which they said they would go on an indefinite strike.
;;-0.6124;;after constantly highlighting her opposition to the demonetisation move over the past three months in the political sphere, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has registered a fiscal protest as well braving deep financial crisis.
;;-0.1027;;the army was deployed in the darjeeling town after gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) supporters clashed with police, damaging police vehicles and setting vehicles ablaze as west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee held a cabinet meeting there.
;;-0.34;;gurung decided to exploit the presence of chief minister mamatabanerjee and more than two dozen of her ministers in darjeeling on thursday to step up his agitation.
;;0.0;;the flare-up on thursday afternoon took place after mamatabanerjee chaired a meeting of the state cabinet, the first in 45 years, at the raj bhavan.
;;-0.743;;the obsession is such that chief minister mamatabanerjee was flooded with requests to persuade bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina to lift the ban on hilsa exports to india that dhaka imposed in july 2012.
;;0.0772;;incidentally, a number of ruling trinamool congress leaders are allegedly involved in these high-profile investigations that chief minister mamatabanerjee has described as politics of vendetta by the narendra modi government.
;;-0.5574;;read: mamatabanerjee on cbis fir against trinamool leaders: will fight it out politicallythe central investigative agency regularly faces shortage of manpower in the ranks between constables and deputy superintendents.
;;0.0;;the decision of not allowing non-ips cops from the state to go on deputation to cbi has been taken by chief minister mamatabanerjee herself.
;;0.4019;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday decided to take the bimal gurung led-gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) head on and announced a special audit of the gjm-run gorkhaland territorial administration (gta).
;;-0.5574;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee hit out at prime minister narendra modi on wednesday for his demonetisation decision, and seemingly compared him to bollywood villain gabbar singh.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had gone to the native place of one of the martyrs at nadia, the officer said.
;;0.7003;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has urged prime minister narendra modi to treat contributions by business houses to the chief ministers relief funds as money spent by companies on corporate social responsibility (csr) activities, which would entitle the donors to claim tax breaks.
;;0.296;;the inclusion of contributions made to cms relief fund as one of the eligible activities under csr will not only bring parity with the existing provision allowing csr for pms national relief fund (pmnrf) but would also go a long way in helping poor and needy in the state to get support, mamatabanerjee wrote in a letter to the pm earlier this month.
;;-0.9217;;resident doctors of aiims and safdarjung hospital, who boycotted work on friday in protest against attacks on their colleagues in kolkata, have now given a 48-hour ultimatum to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to meet the demands of the states agitating doctors, failing which they said they would go on indefinite strike.
;;-0.128;;the 48-hour ultimatum by aiims doctors comes days after mamatabanerjee gave a four-hour ultimatum to the striking doctors in her state to withdraw their strike or vacate hostels.
;;0.4215;;the government is looking into concerns expressed by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on the sharing of teesta waters.
;;0.4019;;bharatiya janata party spokesman chandramohan said besides akhilesh yadav and rahul gandhi, even west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was trying to prove she was not anti-hindu.
;;-0.4215;;but perhaps nothing illustrates the fact that the old political silos no longer apply than the meeting between his partys boss mamatabanerjee and the shiva senas uddhav thackeray.
;;0.296;;the janata dal (u) on sunday distanced itself from its national vice president and poll strategist prashant kishor helping west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , asking why questions were not raised when kishor helped jagan mohan reddy in andhra pradesh.
;;-0.3607;;this time, he says yesit was being speculated that the bjp, which is leaving no stone unturned to dethrone mamatabanerjee in the assembly elections to be held in 2021, is not happy with kishors intervention in west bengal to help the tmc.
;;0.25;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is pushing her bureaucrats and ministers to deliver on development projects by september-october in the firm belief that the 2019 lok sabha polls could be advanced to any time later this year.
;;0.3182;;senior bjp leader mukul roy said that the local police have turned trigger-happy and alleged west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was responsible for the clashes.
;;0.0772;;the bengal government will take legal action if any political party, or religious community, other than the sikhs organises processions or rallies with weapons, chief minister mamatabanerjee announced on thursday, drawing sharp reaction from the opposition.
;;0.0258;;sharpening attack on the bjp, trinamool congress secretary general and education minister partha chatterjee said, those who said before the lok sabha elections that mamatabanerjee obstructs durga puja in bengal are now trying to put roadblocks for bengals biggest festival.
;;-0.4404;;on sunday, chief minister mamatabanerjee took to twitter to criticise the move in a series of three posts.
;;-0.4588;;during the lok sabha election campaign, bjp leaders including prime minister narendra modi, bjp national president amit shah and uttar pradesh chief minister yodi adityanath repeatedly attacked mamatabanerjee for the step.
;;0.0;;after cracking down on private schools and hospitals with the objective of controlling their fee and cost of treatment, the mamatabanerjee government has decided to clamp down on private hostels, lodges and guest houses by fixing their rates on the basis of their location and amenities offered.
;;0.4588;;read: asking foreigners for selfies is intrusion of their privacy: tourism ministerlast year chief minister mamatabanerjee cracked the whip on private hospitals and schools and asked them rein in their bills and fee structure for the benefit of the common people.
;;0.0;;he was seen beside mamatabanerjee on the dais.
;;-0.5106;;alleging that bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee created obstacles impeding the speedy development that he delivered in other states, prime minister narendra modi on wednesday described her as speed breaker didi and urged the people to remove the hindrance from the way.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has set up 15 development boards for different communities in the hills.
;;0.0258;;(ht photo)chettri once believed to be close to the state chief minister mamatabanerjee was backed by the tmc during the assembly election from kalimpong seat in 2016.
;;-0.0516;;the sena has flirted with bjps arch enemies-west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to oppose demonetisation and gujarat patidar leader, hardik patel over tie-up.
;;0.0;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday virtually ruled out sharing teesta waters with bangladesh, arguing there is no water to be shared in the first place.
;;0.0;;this was the first time mamatabanerjee was visiting north bengal, the region through which the teesta flows, after her meeting with the bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina.
;;0.7579;;read: teesta water deal: one issue where mamatabanerjee loses nothing by sitting tightat a joint press conference narendra modi said the agreement was crucial for bilateral ties and expressed hope that the bengal chief minister will eventually support it.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, mamatabanerjee , too, said that she wants cordial ties between the two countries.
;;0.0258;;mamata mamatabanerjee likely to meet pm modi tomorrow, political circles abuzzwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is likely to meet prime minister narendra modi in new delhi on wednesday, people familiar with the matter said, setting political circles abuzz in west bengal.
;;-0.7184;;the raid came as an indication that chief minister mamatabanerjee was ready to crush the protests demanding a separate state of gorkhaland that has triggered violence in the northern bengal hills.
;;0.2732;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday cancelled all her political programmes scheduled for the next 48 hours to monitor and coordinate relief work during cyclone fani as it made landfall in odisha.
;;0.0;;on friday, mamatabanerjee parked herself in kharagpur in west midnapore district from where she is monitoring the situation.
;;0.2732;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has urged the junior doctors to return to work and said her government had accepted their demands.
;;0.4939;;read:in west bengal, ram navami gets going on raths, provided by muslimswhile most senior bjp leaders participated in these rallies, chief minister mamatabanerjee took a dig at bjp for trying to politicise a religious festival.
;;-0.34;;without naming the prime minister, mamatabanerjee took a dig at his remark on wednesday that some people get alarmed (baal khadhe ho jaate hai) when they hear words om and cow.
;;-0.2528;;forget mamatabanerjee alone, the whole of the opposition cannot stop this (nrc) from happening, ghosh said.
;;0.5719;;writing on the wall is clear and mamatabanerjee didi has read it well.
;;-0.9527;;this is murder of democracy the way amit shah roadshow was attacked and the police responded, i think mamatabanerjee is so scared that she wants to murder democracy, fadnavis told news agency ani.
;;0.4404;;tmc supremo mamatabanerjee addressed three rallies in kolkata south lok sabha.
;;-0.5994;;prime minister narendra modi and trinamool congress (tmc) chief mamatabanerjee sustained their rancorous war of words until the last moment, and the entire opposition ranged behind the latter and against the election commission of india (ec), before the campaign drums fell silent prematurely in west bengal on thursday, three days before the seventh and final phase of voting in the 17th general election.
;;-0.5267;;later, at another rally in diamond harbour, where her nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee is in the fray, mamatabanerjee said bjp feared losing the elections.
;;0.4215;;former jammu and kashmir chief minister omar abdullah also backed mamatabanerjee , as did delhi chief minister and aam aadmi party national convener arvind kejriwal.
;;0.3818;;goutam deb, who met rajinikanth on behalf of chief minister mamatabanerjee said, the shooting will promote the region.
;;0.4019;;mumbaiupdated: aug 01, 2019 05:31 istmaharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray on tuesday met west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee in kolkata, seeking her support for his campaign against the use of electronic voting machines (evms) in the forthcoming assembly polls.
;;0.0;;thackeray invited mamatabanerjee to his rally against the use of evms, on august 21.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee also paid her tributes to netaji on twitter.
;;0.6705;;kcr, as k chandrasekhar rao is popularly known, has already met with trinamool congress president mamatabanerjee , jd(s) leader hd deve gowda, dmk working president mk stalin, jharkhand mukti morcha leader hemanth soren and chhattisgarh leader ajit jogi in his bid to gather support for the front.
;;-0.5106;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday demanded cancellation of prime minister narendra modis candidature from varanasi for shamelessly indulging in horse trading, a day after he claimed 40 tmc mlas were in touch with him.
;;0.5574;;speaking at a public rally in karandighi under bengals raiganj lok sabha constituency, the congress chief lashed out at both prime minister modi and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and asked if any of them had created employment opportunities for the youth.
;;0.6597;;though the congress chief devoted most of his 20-minute speech to prime minister narendra modi, he also lashed out at mamatabanerjee , who, in a rally in chopra (under darjeeling constituency) had alleged that two congress candidates in bengal, adhir ranjan chowdhury and abhijit mukherjee were getting help from the rss.
;;0.0;;but mamatabanerjee did, didnt she?
;;-0.2023;;he alleged that mamatabanerjee did not consult anybody and only functioned according to her whims and proceeded to accuse her of doing nothing for the youth and farmers.
;;0.2924;;read: if i dont fight for gorkhaland, hill people will not spare me: bimal gurungironically, chief minister mamatabanerjee remarked on saturday morning that gjm will refrain from calling bandhs again.
;;-0.8126;;when trinamool congress (tmc) chief mamatabanerjee announced on march 12 that rupali biswas would be the party candidate from ranaghat lok sabha seat, the 25-year-old widow was still struggling to overcome the shock of her husband satyajit biswass murder.
;;-0.296;;i had no idea chief minister mamatabanerjee was considering my name as a candidate.
;;-0.3818;;responding to the imd forecast, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee held an emergency meeting with the ministers and officials of the agriculture and irrigation department.
;;-0.296;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , a strident modi critic, told journalists after the opposition meeting that all parties criticised the governments handling of kashmir, caste clashes in saharanpur, demonetisation and incidents of cow vigilantism.
;;-0.5106;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday, announced a cremation/burial allowance scheme for people in the below poverty line (bpl) category in the state.
;;0.0516;;however, at the same time, mamatabanerjee admitted that due to lack of marketing, west bengal was not projected in the right perspective nationally as well as internationally.
;;0.4404;;they called off their protest on monday night after chief minister mamatabanerjee assured them that steps will be taken by her government to scale up security at government hospitals in the state.
;;0.296;;thackeray has been meeting opposition leaders namely upa chairperson sonia gandhi and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to seek their support for the ballot paper demand.
;;0.0516;;lending a new dimension to the tussle between chief minister mamatabanerjee and the saffron camp, kolkata police has denied permission for rss chief mohan bhagwats january 14 rally in the city, prompting the sangh to move calcutta high court for approval.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.4019;;suvashis maitra, political analyst and columnist, said, by speaking against corruption in her own party, mamatabanerjee has at least been able to shift public focus away from the bjp.
;;0.5719;;for, mamatabanerjee maintains an excellent equation with swaraj even as she is opposed to prime minister modi.
;;0.7783;;west bengaldiamond harbourin the ring: abhishek mamatabanerjee (trinamool congress), nilanjan roy (bharatiya janata party), fuad halim (communist party of india-marxist), soumya aich roy (congress)quick take: abhishek mamatabanerjee , the ruling party candidate in diamond harbour constituency and nephew of chief minister mamatabanerjee , is also the heir apparent of the trinamool congress.
;;0.6935;;though 31-year-old mamatabanerjee did not win by a big margin in 2014, his party candidates won all the seven assembly constituencies that constitute diamond harbour seat in the bengal assembly polls in 2016.
;;-0.1027;;2014 result: abhishek mamatabanerjee (trinamool congress) defeated abul hasnat (communist party of india-marxist) by 71,298 votes.
;;-0.4019;;the assam police on thursday registered a case against west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee following complaints alleging she made inflammatory speech over the updating of the national register of citizens (nrc) in the northeastern state.
;;-0.5267;;the bharatiya janata party-led coalition government in assam also condemned mamatabanerjee for her remarks on wednesday that the narendra modi government was conspiring to strike off the names of 12.
;;0.2263;;while social activist kailash sharma and advocate tailendra nath das lodged separate police complaints against mamatabanerjee for her inflammatory speech, the state bjp urged the registrar general of india and the officials involved in the nrc exercise to file a case against her in the supreme court.
;;0.0772;;a journalist accompanying west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on her maiden trip to scotland last year was caught stealing cutlery at a dinner party hosted in a prominent hotel in edinburgh.
;;0.4767;;the incident took place in edinburgh on november 17, a day after mamatabanerjee addressed delegates at a business meeting organised to woo local investors.
;;0.4019;;in the past, he had been part of media teams that went abroad with mamatabanerjee , said one of the editors, who was present at the party, on condition of anonymity.
;;0.4019;;former ips officer bharati ghosh, who once addressed bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee as the mother of jangalmahal, was grilled on friday for about eight hours by state police a day after she filed nomination as the bharatiya janata party candidate from ghatal lok sabha constituency.
;;0.2263;;once extremely close to mamatabanerjee , ghosh (then superintendent of police of west midnapore district) hailed her as the mother of jangalmahal (former maoist-dominated forested areas of bengal) in 2016.
;;0.4767;;in march this year, bharati ghosh returned a medal and a certificate for commendable service that chief minister mamatabanerjee gave her on august 15, 2014.
;;0.0;;her relations with mamatabanerjee soured after local trinamool leaders alleged that she was in league with bjp leaders in west midnapore district.
;;0.8934;;mamata mamatabanerjee on friday called for the identification of those who are in touch with the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and their removal from the trinamool congress (tmc) even as she assured her party members that they would win the assembly elections in 2021.
;;0.0;;addressing tmc leaders from bankura and jhargram districts in a closed-door meeting at the partys head office in kolkata, mamatabanerjee urged them to go back to the people to re-establish contacts with the common man.
;;0.128;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday launched a logo for the state, designed and conceptualised by her.
;;0.0;;read: mamatabanerjee the designer: west bengal cm makes logos and flags for statea few states have their own logo.
;;0.4404;;it is a new year gift, said mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat.
;;0.8176;;read: i created biswa bangla brand, gave it to govt for free: mamatabanerjee banerjeeincidentally, mamatabanerjee , an enthusiastic painter, also has an inclination towards designs.
;;0.0;;in november last year, bjp leader mukul roy triggered a controversy alleging that the biswa bangla logo was registered in the name of abhishek mamatabanerjee , trinamool lok sabha mp and banerjees nephew.
;;-0.8271;;the congress high command has tweaked its earlier stand of avoiding sharp criticism of chief minister mamatabanerjee and her party in bengal on the issue of arrest of two high-profile trinamool congress lok sabha mps in connection with the rose valley chit fund scam.
;;0.0;;read | indian company buys majority stake in spanish 4th tier club olimpic xativaswapan mamatabanerjee is also the football secretary of mohun bagan.
;;0.0;;once appointed, ajit mamatabanerjee would be the first in over 30 years to jointly head ifa and boa.
;;0.0;;thirteen weeks after she slammed private hospitals and healthcare institutes for overcharging and shoddy treatment, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee hauled up private school authorities on wednesday for charging fat admission donations and fleecing parents.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday congratulated the bjp on its likely victory in the karnataka election, but pointed out that the outcome would have been very different if the congress had joined hands with the janata dal (secular).
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and the cpi(m), which rules kerala, spoke in a rare voice of unity between the two arch rivals against the narendra modi government.
;;-0.5722;;trinamool congress (tmc) president and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , one of the driving forces of the proposed anti-bjp front, was quick to react when yeddyurappa resigned on saturday without facing a trust vote, making way for a congress-janata dal (secular) coalition government.
;;-0.8779;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee who is a bitter opponent of the bjp said she was saddened jaitleys death.
;;0.4215;;bjp leader mukul roy used a popular line from a bollywood film to take a dig at west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee after one more trinamool congress mla and ten district council members, including their chief, jumped ship.
;;-0.296;;mukul roy said that the tmc leaders joining the bjp are an extension of the first phase which will continue till chief minister mamatabanerjee collapses.
;;-0.6705;;the defections came a day after tmc president mamatabanerjee threatened her partys erstwhile leaders, who have jumped the ship with consequences.
;;-0.4404;;bengal bore the brunt of the protests on friday, with junior doctors digging in their heels after chief minister mamatabanerjee gave them an ultimatum the previous day.
;;-0.891;;the other demands included a personal visit by mamatabanerjee to the injured doctors, a condemnation of mondays attack, and a judicial inquiry into alleged police inaction against the assailants.
;;-0.2732;;as medical professionals, their duty is towards protecting the rights of their patients, said union health minister harsh vardhan in new delhi, when he also called on mamatabanerjee to not make this a prestige issue and resolve the matter with the protesters.
;;-0.4678;;bengal governor keshari nath tripathi on friday said he called up chief minister mamatabanerjee to discuss the strike but got no response from her.
;;0.796;;it was called off on monday evening after west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee met doctors and agreed to demands for better working conditions, especially safety.
;;-0.7003;;although west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has promoted the power grid project several times, work has been remained stalled since january last year as two persons were killed in firing by goons who allegedly had the ruling partys backing.
;;0.4215;;pushing her rivalry with the union government to a new height, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has decided to bar ias and ips officers from her state from sharing classified information about the state with the centre government even when they are central deputation.
;;0.4215;;read: mamatabanerjee and kejriwal skip niti aayog governing council meet with pm modisources from the state personnel & administrative reforms department said that this will be an extension of the earlier instruction from the chief minister for the ias and ips officers under state government jurisdiction to refrain from sharing any information with the union government.
;;-0.3182;;mamata mamatabanerjee regularly alleges in public meetings that the ruling establishment at the centre has let loose agencies such as cbi and ed on trinamool congress leaders.
;;-0.34;;read: mamatabanerjee accuses modi of removing crucial files on notes banonly in december last year when the bjp-trinamool congress tussle was at its peak, mamatabanerjee instructed the ias and ips officers of state cadre to skip every meeting with the union government and central agencies.
;;0.0772;;they want to dictate what we will think and do, said chief minister mamatabanerjee , while speaking at an interview with a television channel.
;;-0.25;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said on thursday she was correct in opposing the demonetisation move by the centre, a day after data showed a weaker-than-expected economic growth that may have been hit by the ban on high-denomination banknotes.
;;0.0;;so, the decline is nearly 2 per cent point, mamatabanerjee jibed.
;;0.0;;there has been a flood of suggestions to name the new district of jhargram that chief minister mamatabanerjee expected to announce during her next visit in april, with most recommendations focusing on leveraging the connection with west midnapore.
;;0.0;;saffron camp workers staged a motorcycle rally in april last year in kolkatas bhawanipore, the home turf of chief minister mamatabanerjee , with swords and tridents.
;;0.0;;the former indian police service (ips) officer, once considered close to chief minister mamatabanerjee , said her polling agent was not allowed to enter the booth in chandkhali area of keshpur in west medinipur district.
;;0.4019;;kejriwal and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee addressed the election rally seeking vote for andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidus telugu desam party in the state.
;;0.5859;;after meeting mamatabanerjee , soren, former chhattisgarh chief minister ajit jogi and janata dal(secular) president deve gowda last month, rao spent the first two days of this week negotiating with dmk patriarch karunanidhi as well as other party leaders such as stalin, tr balu, a raja and kanimozhi in chennai.
;;0.2263;;west bengal chief mamatabanerjee said that she was surprised by the comments.
;;0.296;;by the time we complete the seventh phase, the mamatabanerjee government will lose majority on the floor of the assembly, said roy, who was the convenor of bjps lok sabha election management committee for bengal and played a crucial role in getting aggrieved tmc leaders to leave the party.
;;0.4404;;while biplab mitra is credited with building the organisation of tmc in the district, he was aggrieved after party chief mamatabanerjee removed him from the post district unit chief after sitting mp arpita ghosh lost to bjps sukanta majumdar.
;;-0.34;;the bsp leader mayawati, the trinamool leader mamatabanerjee leave no stone unturned in running down the congress president, jaitley wrote.
;;0.4019;;trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee has spoken about the possibility of an understanding with the left parties on issues of common concern.
;;0.765;;read: assembly elections done, modi, shah to rejig bjp and govt after budget sessionthe calcutta high courts decision to order cbi investigation in narada tapes and the apex courts endorsement of it will also serve as a potent tool in the hands of bjp that plans to hit the streets with a campaign against trinamool congress, chief minister mamatabanerjee and those leaders of the party seen accepting cash in the sting operation.
;;-0.2263;;on sunday (march 19), rss slammed the mamatabanerjee government for remaining a mute spectator to attacks by muslim fundamentalists and appeasing the jihadis during its national executive council meet in nagpur.
;;-0.4767;;beef dealers of bengal claimed that they are badly hit with the supply of cattle drying up from up and other north indian states, and said that they are planning to approach chief minister mamatabanerjee over the issue.
;;0.5423;;we need to safeguard our constitution and allow it to guide, mamatabanerjee twitted.
;;0.0;;he also said that a representative team of the association would seek appointment with chief minister mamatabanerjee and apprise her of the plight of beef dealers.
;;0.7783;;on may 16, when addressing her last election rally in diamond harbour constituency, where her nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee is the party candidate, chief minister mamatabanerjee urged her party workers to stay awake throughout the night and maintain vigil outside the counting centres where the evms would be kept.
;;0.0;;chatterjees close confidant baisakhi mamatabanerjee also joined the bjp with him.
;;0.0;;sovan had a big contribution in making mamatabanerjee the chief minister of bengal, said bjp leader mukul roy, also a former confidant of the trinamool congress leader.
;;0.8126;;an influential muslim body in kolkata is hopeful that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee will share a stage on friday with a little-known leader who announced a rs 10 lakh bounty for shaving bollywood singer sonu nigams head.
;;0.8126;;experts say despite the controversy, mamatabanerjee might attend the programme to highlight her non-communal stance and differentiate her political message from the bjp, which is gaining in strength in the eastern state.
;;0.2023;;the saffron-coloured poster features a picture of hanuman on top and chief minister mamatabanerjee at the bottom.
;;0.5574;;please recall the next lines, said former minister madan mitra, an once-trusted lieutenant of chief minister mamatabanerjee who is a prominent face of bhawanipore that is her home turf too.
;;0.34;;trinamool congress (tmc) chief mamatabanerjee will play a big role in the formation of the new government at the centre, said andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu on wednesday.
;;-0.5859;;the bjp is going to be defeated miserably and mamatabanerjee will play a big role in the formation of the new government by wining all the 42 seats in the state, said naidu in lalgarh.
;;-0.4404;;the cut money controversy has been simmering since june 18 when chief minister mamatabanerjee told municipal councillors at a meeting that tmc leaders who had taken illegal commissions from the beneficiaries of government welfare schemes, should return the money to those it was intended for.
;;-0.6908;;chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday stood by bengali poet srijato bandopadhyay against whom a police complaint was lodged for hurting religious sentiments after he posted a controversial poem on facebook.
;;0.0772;;they want to dictate what we will think and do, said chief minister mamatabanerjee , while speaking at an interview with a television channel.
;;0.0;;while campaigning for the lok sabha polls, narendra modi had said in north bengal that the bjp would change the face of naxalbari and alleged the mamatabanerjee government had done little for it.
;;-0.1531;;gandhi was also quick to make course-corrections: after the poor results of the left-congress combination in the bengal polls, he was ready to do business with trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee who swept the polls.
;;0.0;;gjm leaders have also urged locals to take out rallies from june 4 till june 8 when the chief minister mamatabanerjee would be addressing meetings and holding the first state cabinet meeting.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has insisted that students studying in any school in bengal has to study bengali mandatorily till class 10.
;;-0.6908;;in kolkata, chief minister mamatabanerjee said that there is no harm in nepali-speaking people studying bengali in schools.
;;-0.3182;;mamata mamatabanerjee has lost her mental balance since the lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee convened a meeting with the chief secretary, home secretary and additional director general (law and order) to discuss the situation in bhatpara.
;;-0.4939;;read: darjeeling stir: mamatabanerjee is playing with fire by ignoring the gorkha identity issueon tuesday gurung got a shot in the arm after five parties and an apolitical pan-india gorkha body turned up at the all-party meeting he called in darjeeling and unanimously vowed to fight for a separate state of gorkhaland.
;;0.0859;;the development is a direct challenge to chief minister mamatabanerjee who has resolved not to allow a division of bengal.
;;0.4767;;the centre is discriminating in allocating resources for flood relief between states, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee alleged on monday.
;;-0.5719;;darjeeling hills is seething with anger after indranil sen, a minister who is close to chief minister mamatabanerjee , said on friday that senior gorkha janmukti morcha (gjm) leaders, including bimal gurung and roshan giri should be packed in six-foot-long steel boxes and dispatched out of darjeeling hills after the may 14 civic polls.
;;0.0;;read: mamatabanerjee publicly defends the narada accusedin 2014, samuel used to work for tehelka.com, a company owned by k d singh.
;;0.0;;the narada sting operation has posed the toughest challenge to bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee since she came in power in may 2011.
;;-0.0516;;read: narada case: mention of abhishek mamatabanerjee in fir sends trinamool in tizzythey questioned her for more than three hours but their queries were mostly related to the sting operation and not the case the summon notice mentions.
;;0.0;;even chief minister mamatabanerjee has directed them to deal with the case as strictly as possible.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee telephoned him to take stock of the situation late in the night.
;;0.4019;;the first rally was organised in kolkata by the trinamool congress of mamatabanerjee , the west bengal chief minister while the second was hosted by the aam aadmi party of arvind kejriwal, the delhi chief minister.
;;0.0;;later, chief minister mamatabanerjee sent three trinamool mlas, shashi panja, manas bhuniya and sudershan ghosh dastidar - all of whom are doctors - to see mannan at the hospital.
;;0.4019;;the trinamool congress ms mamatabanerjee and yscrps mr reddy are both former congress leaders who have thrived outside the party.
;;-0.296;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee tweeted, sorry for my delayed response on this.
;;0.2846;;the intellectual face of the bjp in the state was led by rajya sabha mp swapan dasgupta and anirban ganguly, but shah knew that he had to take on the states mercurial chief minister mamatabanerjee on the ground.
;;0.4215;;as mamatabanerjee responded to this, she only seems to have succeeded in alienating large sections of rural and urban bengal.
;;0.7269;;senior leaders like west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and congress top leaders had also sent their birthday greetings t o the rjd chief, source said.
;;0.0258;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and telangana chief minister k chandrashekar rao are also missing the first meeting of the national planning body after the recently concluded lok sabha polls handed out a fresh mandate to bjp led nda.
;;-0.5719;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , whose party is fighting a bitter political battle with the bjp was the first to opt out of the meeting, calling it fruitless as the niti aayog has no financial powers to support state plans.
;;-0.3724;;(ht photo)boses grandnephew and convener of the forum, chandra kumar bose said, it was unfortunate that the police did not give permission to hold the rally when we asked for it for the first time although chief minister mamatabanerjee believes that netaji did not die in the plane crash at taihoku in 1945.
;;0.4767;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee publicly defended her party leaders accused of accepting bribes in the narada fir registered by the central bureau of investigation (cbi), and said that they wont be able to prove anything.
;;0.0;;read: narada case: mention of abhishek mamatabanerjee in fir sends trinamool in tizzyall the leaders named in the narada fir, who were also seating on the dais, stood up immediately.
;;-0.7003;;mamata mamatabanerjee has maintained that he was arrested for criticising the demonetisation decision on the floor of the house.
;;-0.7269;;read: there is a hate campaign against me: mamatabanerjee takes a dig at bjpthe narada sting has plunged mamatabanerjee in perhaps the deepest crisis yet as it showed as many as 12 senior leaders of the party taking cash.
;;0.5667;;mamata mamatabanerjee reiterated her allegation that the narada was nothing but a political conspiracy.
;;-0.743;;mamata mamatabanerjee continued to lash out at bjp describing it as a party of rioters and those peddling death and violence.
;;-0.6103;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday criticised the bill that criminalises instant triple talaq, claiming that the impending legislation is not designed to protect muslim women and will merely poke the community.
;;-0.2263;;but mamatabanerjee has a multi-point agenda where she is playing with fire, salim said.
;;0.0;;the union home minister also asked west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to initiate a dialogue with the gjm and other stakeholders in the darjeeling hills.
;;-0.5719;;sources said the bjp government at the centre is not in a mood to antagonise mamatabanerjee and risk losing votes in the upcoming lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;the team met the governor after mamatabanerjee , who also holds the health and family welfare portfolio, came down heavily on the doctors for striking work.
;;0.4019;;handpicked by west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to represent the trinamool congress (tmc) in darjeeling, bhutia quit bengals ruling party on february 26.
;;0.0258;;indiaupdated: aug 11, 2019 17:55 istwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday criticised the centre for issuing income tax notices to several durga puja committees here, saying festivals should be exempt from levies.
;;0.4939;;also read: why mamatabanerjee needs an image makeover | opinionreferring to the ganga sagar mela, the chief minister said her government had withdrawn tax on the annual festival.
;;-0.5719;;we protest and demand no taxation on durga pujo and durga pujo committees, mamatabanerjee posted on twitter.
;;0.2023;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday pulled up authorities of shri shikshayatan, a private girls school in kolkata, for playing prime minister narendra modis maan ki baat for students.
;;0.34;;the shikshayatan foundation secretary general tried to play down the programme being played for students, but mamatabanerjee remarked, i am aware of everything.
;;0.0;;though mamatabanerjee did not specify whom she was targeting, a representative of the school told ht a few episodes of the pms programme were shown in the school.
;;0.0;;incidentally, mamatabanerjee did her bed in shri shikshayatan college, which is under the same foundation.
;;-0.5574;;central forces fired outside a polling station, said chief minister mamatabanerjee at a public rally.
;;0.4939;;it is unlikely an agreement on the teesta will be hammered out during ms hasinas four-day visit, even though she is expected to meet west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee  widely perceived as the person holding up the pact  at a banquet hosted by the president.
;;-0.7862;;in a no-holds barred attack not seen so far in this election season, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday accused prime minister narendra modi of not respecting his mother and wife.
;;0.0982;;this is not the first time that mamatabanerjee has resorted to personal attacks on modi, but she never accused the prime minister of disrespecting his family.
;;0.0;;at her second rally at nimtouri, also in east midnapore, mamatabanerjee alleged that crores of rupees were being spent on modis rallies but the election commission of india (eci) was not taking any action.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee has unleashed anarchy in bengal.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee was present on the dais along with prime minister of bangladesh sheikh hasina when modi was speaking.
;;0.5267;;juniors doctors whose week-long cease-work crippled state-run health services in west bengal, called off the strike after a 90-minute meeting with chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday during which she assured them of addressing all their security concerns.
;;0.0;;incidentally, both the departments at the center of the controversy, health, and police, are handled by chief minister mamatabanerjee herself.
;;-0.5927;;over the past few days, mamatabanerjee had sent her junior health minister, director of medical education and kolkata police commissioner to speak to the agitators, but to no avail.
;;-0.5764;;new delhi the union home ministry informed the rajya sabha on wednesday that it has not yet approved the proposed change of the name of west bengal to bangla, prompting chief minister mamatabanerjee to shoot off a letter to prime minister narendra modi, asking him to expedite the renaming process.
;;-0.0762;;in a written reply to independent mp ritabrata mamatabanerjee , minister of state for home nityanand rai said that the centre has not cleared the name bangla for west bengal.
;;0.0;;hours after the reply, mamatabanerjee wrote to modi requesting him to expedite the process of renaming the state as bangla.
;;0.0;;the name west bengal is in english and paschim bangla in bengali and it does not bear the testimony of the classical history that our state has, mamatabanerjee wrote.
;;-0.8555;;addressing a rally here, modi said chief minister mamatabanerjee , frustrated over her imminent defeat, has threatened to put him behind bars after the general elections.
;;0.4019;;abhishek mamatabanerjee , who is considered the number two in the tmc, is seeking re-election from the diamond harbour lok sabha seat.
;;0.3861;;dubbing mamatabanerjee as sticker didi, modi said she is not interested in the development of bengal, but keen on putting her own stickers on central projects.
;;-0.8047;;in an apparent reference to the recent arrest of bjp youth wing activist priyanka sharma, who walked out of jail on wednesday after being arrested for posting a morphed picture of mamatabanerjee on facebook, modi said she puts saffron party workers behind bars, but lets tmc goons out in the open to torture the masses.
;;-0.8316;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday claimed that eight people from her party have been killed so far in post-poll violence in the state and accused governor keshari nath tripathi of misquoting the number of deceased.
;;-0.3818;;indiaupdated: sep 06, 2019 19:13 iston a day when people across the country are excited to witness ambitious chandrayaan-2s soft-landing on the lunar surface, chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday attacked the government saying that the missions launch is an attempt to divert attention from economic disaster.
;;0.2144;;she was tipped to be a kingmaker in 2019 by her party leaders, but on thursday, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee faced her first major setback since she rode to power in the state eight years ago.
;;0.0;;but mamatabanerjee is not a stranger to ups and downs.
;;-0.6808;;the problem grew to such an extent that a local bengali daily once reported that bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina had to complain to mamatabanerjee about how one of her friends was being harassed in the posh salt lake locality near kolkata for not paying money to a local trinamool councillor.
;;-0.5574;;junior doctors boycotted opd duties at rajendra institute of medical science (rims), mahatma gandhi memorial medical college hospital (mgmmch) and patliputra medical college hospital (pmch) and demanded that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee take action against the culprits immediately.
;;-0.8442;;the developments come against the backdrop of worsening relations between bjp and trinamool congress with chief minister mamatabanerjee publicly alleging that the cbi has been used by the centre to arrest tmc mps sudip bandyopadhyay and tapas paul in connection with the rose valley chit fund scam.
;;0.7783;;less than six months after supreme court upheld chief ministers mamatabanerjee banerjees contention that the singur nano factory land must be returned to the farmers, her education department mandarins have etched the names and achievements of a number of trinamool leaders and supporters throughout the length of a full chapter in history text books of class viii.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee attained the stature of a demigod last year when the apex court upheld her contention that the land must be returned to the singur farmers.
;;0.0;;read: mamatabanerjee burns midnight oil to write book on singurit was mamatabanerjee , who started the singur movement by sowing paddy seeds, reads the book.
;;0.0;;the krishji jami raksha committee (kjrc) was formed on june 4, whereas mamatabanerjee sowed paddy on july 18, said sajal adhikary, a state committee member of cpi(ml)(liberation) who spent months in singur in 2006.
;;-0.25;;mamata mamatabanerjee at an agitation programme in singur in 2008.
;;-0.2732;;(ht photo)the narrative, however, omits almost every participant in the movement who later turned a critic of the mamatabanerjee government.
;;-0.4854;;bjp national president amit shah monday dared west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to arrest him for chanting jai shri ram, claiming that the tmc supremo can stop him from attending rallies in bengal, but wont be able to stop bjps victory march in the state.
;;-0.3182;;hitting out at the tmc government over denial of permission for his chopper to land in baruipur, shah said, the mamatabanerjee government is visibly perplexed.
;;-0.743;;also read| democracy a casualty in bengal: arun jaitley attacks mamatabanerjee over poll violence(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
;;0.2263;;since mamatabanerjee stormed to power, barkati has graced the stage at rallies of the trinamool congress.
;;-0.0258;;read | kolkata emerging as a centre of protest against uniform civil codehis proximity to the ruling party has prompted the bjp to accuse mamatabanerjee of muslim appeasement.
;;-0.4404;;indiaupdated: aug 06, 2019 18:43 istcausing a major embarrassment for the ruling trinamool congress (tmc), hooghly district police on tuesday arrested the officer-in-charge of the district intelligence branch in a case related to cut-money posters put up against serampore mp kalyan mamatabanerjee , a close associate of chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjee.
;;0.0;;ask kalyan mamatabanerjee why i have been framed.
;;0.2732;;the posters, put up on the night of july 29, accused mamatabanerjee of accepting cut money, or commission, from beneficiaries of state governments welfare schemes and also carried some invectives.
;;0.1531;;in july, chief minister mamatabanerjee mentioned the term cut money at a party programme and instructed tmc functionaries to refund commissions taken from people.
;;-0.34;;2:28 pm ist mamatabanerjee reacts to p chidambarams arrest.
;;-0.34;;mamata mamatabanerjee on thursday reacted to senior congress leader p chidambarams arrest in connection with the inx media case, sometimes the process is incorrect.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and the cpi(m), which rules kerala, spoke in a rare voice of unity between the two arch rivals against the narendra modi government.
;;-0.4215;;though she was in delhi, chief minister mamatabanerjee asked her ministers to convene an emergency meeting at the state secretariat and tell all officers posted in north bengal not to go on leave.
;;0.2732;;on friday, chief minister mamatabanerjee cancelled all her political programmes and parked herself in kharagpur, a town about 60km from odisha, and on the projected path of the cyclone to monitor the situation and coordinate relief efforts.
;;-0.6192;;except for damaging a few huts, cyclone fani did not cause much havoc in west bengal, chief minister mamatabanerjee said as the severe cyclonic storm weakened saturday morning and headed towards neighbouring bangladesh.
;;0.4019;;bjp workers claimed stones first came flying at them from inside the college, and a delegation of party leaders urged the ec to bar mamatabanerjee from campaigning.
;;-0.7574;;none will be more dangerous than me if bengals heritage comes under attack, thundered mamatabanerjee at a rally.
;;0.0;;bjp president amit shah tuesday alleged that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is not allowing people to chant jai shri ram in the state, and wondered if the lords name cannot be taken in india, will it be uttered in pakistan.
;;-0.1531;;a video had appeared in the social media that showed mamatabanerjee stopping her car at a place in west midnapore district on saturday, and chasing some persons who chanted jai shri ram as her carcade was crossing the area.
;;0.4939;;chief minister mamatabanerjee told reporters at the state secretariat in kolkata that the situation in the hill district was peaceful.
;;0.1027;;on thursday, they defied a deadline by chief minister mamatabanerjee to return to work, declaring that their agitation would continue till their demands for security on government hospital campuses are met.
;;0.7783;;twitter.com/6valbdffpd  ani (@ani) june 14, 20191:35 pm ist bengals striking doctors get support from intellectuals a group of west bengal intellectuals on friday came out in support of the agitating junior doctors at the nrs medical college and hospital in kolkata and urged chief minister mamatabanerjee to speak to the striking doctors to normalize the situation, reports ians.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee , too, participated in an event.
;;-0.5719;;suggestions mamatabanerjee and the doctors made during the meeting included limiting the number of persons accompanying a patient to two, installing collapsible gates at the entrance to emergency departments and setting up alarm systems in all hospitals.
;;-0.1531;;hitting out at the bjp, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said while tuesday was the anniversary of the emergency imposed in 1975, the country is going through super emergency for the past five years.
;;0.0;;we must learn our lessons from history and fight to safeguard the democratic institutions in the country, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
;;0.7096;;i have already asked the state chief secretary to send a strong letter to the union finance ministry elaborating on our objections to accepting the gst in its present form, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said at a district-level meeting in her state.
;;-0.4404;;earlier, the kolkata police had denied permission for the rally, prompting the rss to move calcutta high court and lending a new dimension to the tussle between chief minister mamatabanerjee and the saffron camp.
;;-0.4215;;however, in a snub to the mamatabanerjee government, the court on friday allowed the rally to go ahead.
;;0.4019;;the party has twice formed government in a state, and its leader mamatabanerjee has been cabinet minister three times and minister of state once in her parliamentary career spanning 25 years.
;;0.0;;this time, trinamool wants mamatabanerjee as the kingmaker of an anti-bjp government if not its prime minister.
;;0.5859;;in 2019, mamatabanerjee will play the lead role, bengal will play the lead role, trinamools rajya sabha floor leader derek obrien claimed.
;;0.3818;;the following year, mamatabanerjee gained more seats than the red brigade in the lok sabha.
;;0.0;;in close circles, mamatabanerjee has expressed her reservation about working under congress leadership.
;;0.4019;;in a recent interview to this paper, congress key strategist jairam ramesh bluntly stated, mamatabanerjee leads a west bengal party.
;;-0.2263;;some of them also want to see mamatabanerjee at lok kayna marga feat that no bengali has achieved so far.
;;0.0;;otherwise, i could have talked to her and connected the call to chief minister mamatabanerjee , chatterjee added.
;;0.8442;;the comment assumes greater significance after west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , seen one of the key architects of a proposed federal front, had said last week that the congress should be prepared to play a supportive role in an anti-bjp formation, a statement that perhaps hinted at her own prime ministerial aspirations.
;;-0.6705;;they (bjp) have killed two of our men in bhatpara and one in galsi last night, chief minister mamatabanerjee said on tuesday.
;;-0.6249;;an fir has to be registered against mamatabanerjee herself since she has been instigating violence in the state.
;;0.8176;;best wishes on your birthday, wrote the west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee along with the same wish in bangla.
;;-0.7096;;the move had led to chief minister mamatabanerjee to launch a dharna in the heart of the city, protesting against the attack on constitutional norms.
;;-0.34;;bjp national secretary kailash vijayvargiya has dared the mamatabanerjee government to arrest bjp state president dilip ghosh, who was booked on thursday by west midnapore district police for carrying a sword during a ram navami procession on april 5.
;;-0.5859;;ghosh was booked under non-bailable sections of arms act and other sections of the indian penal code, hours within chief minister mamatabanerjee warning legal action against those carrying weapons during political or religious processions.
;;-0.4215;;(ht photo)ghosh, too, criticised the mamatabanerjee government for being partial.
;;0.0;;while we think the poll process kicks off with the notification by the election commission, the court thought otherwise, said mamatabanerjee outside the court.
;;0.1779;;countering kalyan mamatabanerjee , advocates for the petitioner maintained that under section 43 of the west bengal panchayat elections act, 2003, the sec has the powers to extend the date for completion of any election.
;;0.1901;;but barely within 12 hours, state election commissioner, a k singh, issued another notification withdrawing the extension order and cited two letters  one by the state government and the other by trinamool congress vice-president kalyan mamatabanerjee  had pointed out legal infirmities in the earlier notification.
;;-0.2263;;the court also imposed a penalty of r5 lakh on petitioner pratap mamatabanerjee , general secretary of the bengal unit of the bjp for not informing the court that he also approached the supreme court on tuesday with the same complaint.
;;0.7906;;on saturday as the results poured in, mamatabanerjee tweeted, congratulations to winners in different states.
;;0.7579;;one may see a speeding up of cbi cases, but all depends on narendra modi who would like mamatabanerjee on his side in different issues like teesta water treaty, said sibaji pratim basu, political analyst.
;;-0.5267;;the timing triggered a torrent of allegations from mamatabanerjee who labeled it as a conspiracy.
;;0.6908;;mamata mamatabanerjee will enjoy a national importance.
;;-0.25;;ghosh, once a close aide of the chief minister mamatabanerjee , resigned in 2017, after she was transferred out of west midnapore.
;;0.3182;;mamata mamatabanerjee was desperate to save him and even rushed to his residence and even held a demonstration.
;;0.6486;;they are now free to do whatever they want, said bharatiya janata party state president dilip ghosh, who also remarked that the verdict may put chief minister mamatabanerjee in bigger danger than the former kolkata top cop.
;;0.3182;;the cbi had earlier questioned kumar about a pen drive and red diary that the special investigation team (sit), constituted by the mamatabanerjee government in 2013 and headed by him, seized from the office of saradha group.
;;0.7264;;on february 3, when a team of cbi officers tried to reach his official residence in kolkata -- he was the commissioner of kolkata police then -- chief minister mamatabanerjee launched a sit-in demonstration against the centre accusing the bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders of conspiring against whom she described as the most efficient police officer in the country.
;;-0.2263;;10:56 am ist mamatabanerjee cancels poll campaign to monitor situation west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is staying in kharagpur, near the coastal belt and monitor the situation , today and tomorrow.
;;0.802;;while trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee has initiated talks with odisha chief minister navin patnaik, both akhilesh yadavs samajwadi party and mayawatis bahujan samaj party have favoured the alliance option.
;;0.6597;;congress president sonia gandhi will hold discussions with west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and bahujan samaj party chief mayawati within 10 days to discuss a strategy for fielding a common opposition candidate for the upcoming presidential election, party sources said wednesday.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday unveiled a bust of ishwar chandra vidyasagar at the hare school ground.
;;0.4019;;a day before opposition parties meet to decide their candidate for the presidential poll, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday batted for a consensus candidate.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendra modi during his meeting with west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.2263;;during her meeting with the modi, mamatabanerjee demanded release of funds for many projects.
;;0.34;;in a setback to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , the supreme court on tuesday refused to interfere with the calcutta high court order that asked the cbi to conduct a preliminary inquiry into the narada sting operation.
;;0.2023;;the latest incident was even more galling as it came less than 10 days after chief minister mamatabanerjee had directed the administration to ensure frugal but nutritious meals for the students.
;;0.3818;;while education minister partha chatterjee announced suspension of two teachers (of the school in hooghly), on august 26 chief minister mamatabanerjee , while speaking at an administrative review meeting in east burdwan district, asked the district magistrates to ensure that rice, dal and vegetable were served to the students regularly.
;;-0.0772;;a party source said the jd (u) wanted to send a message that it was in no way assisting mamatabanerjee , who is the main adversary for its ally bjp .
;;0.6652;;but west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and yechury opposed the plan and said that the parties must wait for the final verdict.
;;-0.7269;;in this case how can the police brand land agitators as terrorists, said sujata bhadra, prominent human rights activist, who was a supporter of mamatabanerjee during her singur and nandigram struggle.
;;0.4939;;so is the andhra chief minister partial to his friend, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee (also named as a possible pm by pawar)?
;;0.714;;mamata backs advani as next president but says will back even sushma or sumitrabengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has said she would be happy to see bjp patriarch lk advani as the next president of india but would not mind if union minister sushma swaraj or lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan became the countrys first citizen.
;;0.5499;;other possible constituents of such a front, including trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , also have similar ambitions  one reason why such partnerships rarely last  but the continued relevance of strong regional parties, if only in pockets, will remain an irritant for both the congress and the bjp.
;;0.34;;bjp bengal unit general secretary pratap mamatabanerjee also welcomed the high courts decision.
;;0.8674;;but kalyan mamatabanerjee , lok sabha mp and advocate for the trinamool congress, believed it was still too premature for opposition parties to start rejoicing.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee wanted the elections to be held before the start of the ramzan month, possibly on may 16.
;;-0.6597;;defying warnings of punitive action by chief minister mamatabanerjee , the stir by junior doctors in west bengal continued for the fourth consecutive day on friday with hundreds of doctors in state-run hospitals writing to the authorities saying they would like to resign from their services.
;;-0.4215;;on friday, cm mamatabanerjee did not make any comment except for pointing out that a protesting doctor at nrs medical college on thursday was attached to a hospital in salt lake, and was therefore an outsider.
;;0.0772;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday accused the election commission of being partial and said it was behaving like bjps brother.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee reacted sharply to prime minister narendra modis statement that a new statue of vidyasagar will be built at the same spot and said that bengal does not need alms from the bjp.
;;0.4404;;mamata mamatabanerjee dared pm modi to prove his claim that trinamool congress supporters desecrated the statue.
;;0.0;;if you desecrate the statue of gandhiji, or maulana abul kalam azad or tagore or netaji subhas chandra bose, it does not suffice, mamatabanerjee thundered.
;;-0.5106;;chief minister mamatabanerjee sat on a dharna after a team of cbi officials reached the residence of then kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar to question him in connection with saradha chit fund scam.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and the cpm, which rules kerala, spoke in a rare voice of unity between the two arch rivals against the narendra modi government.
;;0.6369;;west bengals mamatabanerjee government on friday sprung a surprise by fielding former indian cricket captain sourav ganguly as the maiden speaker at its two-day business summit to woo industrialists.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is not attending either, but has deputed her representative unlike the other two leaders.
;;0.0;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday asked the state police not to comply with the centres notification.
;;0.5574;;baharampur, asansol and bardhaman-durgapur are the three constituencies that pose a significant challenge to chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is looking to sweep the states 42 seats for a greater national profile.
;;-0.0772;;though mamatabanerjee receives mostly compliments from fans posting on her timeline, there are pages managed by individuals or groups where she is attacked.
;;0.743;;orkut became the first cyber platform for marxist leaders as well as mamatabanerjee with their supporters running numerous fan clubs.
;;-0.9081;;there will be somebody who will lead the country: mamatabanerjee at opposition rally in andhra pradesh7:45 pm ist he is a liar, he speaks lies day in and day out: mamatabanerjee attacks pm modi is threatening every state, karnataka, odisha, west bengal or ap.
;;0.4939;;modi has to be shown the door: mamata7:35 pm ist this is a special election, you have to think and vote carefully: mamatabanerjee mamatabanerjee begins address.
;;0.4019;;10:08 am ist mamatabanerjee , kejriwal to attend tdps mega rally in visakhapatnam west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and her delhi counterpart arvind kejriwal will campaign for telugu desam party headed by andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu at a mega rally in the port town of visakhapatnam on sunday evening.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: sep 19, 2019 15:45 istwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee raised the issue of national register of citizens (nrc) in assam in a meeting with union home minister amit shah in new delhi on thursday.
;;-0.6369;;locals drove the police and trinamool leaders out of the villages in a major embarrassment for chief minister mamatabanerjee who herself swept to power in 2011 on the back of land agitations.
;;0.8016;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee took to twitter to wish the people of the state the very best on the occasion.
;;-0.4404;;the handing over of probe into the narada sting operation scandal to the central bureau of investigation is the third big blow to chief minister mamatabanerjee in the past three years.
;;-0.6712;;the most important face to suffer the saradha blow was madan mitra, sports and transport minister and a confidante of chief minister mamatabanerjee who was arrested on december 12, 2014.
;;-0.4939;;after the grilling on january 31, 2015, roys relations with mamatabanerjee suffered.
;;-0.765;;bengals scam woes the handing over of probe into the narada sting operation to cbi is another blow to mamatabanerjee in the past three years.
;;0.0;;the handing over of probe into the narada sting operation to cbi is another blow to mamatabanerjee in the past three years.
;;-0.8271;;last year, another major controversy hit the mamatabanerjee government was the collapse of the under-construction vivekananda road flyover in north kolkata that killed 27 people on march 31, 2016.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee invited bisheswar nandi, the coach of gymnast dipa karmakar, to set up an academy in her state.
;;0.34;;i told him, he can certainly, mamatabanerjee remarked on monday at a sports department programme at netaji indoor stadium.
;;-0.2924;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday described the centres notification on cattle slaughter as a deliberate attempt to encroach upon the states powers and said her government would not accept it.
;;0.8271;;the latest round came after the two exchanged barbs earlier this week, with mamatabanerjee saying on tuesday that when pm modi comes to bengal and alleges tolabazi (extortion), she feels like giving him a slap of democracy, raising her right hand in a motion of slapping.
;;-0.296;;incidentally, mamatabanerjee has been referring to pm modi as expiry babu and expiry prime minister and even refused to talk to pm modi, when he tried to contact her to inquire about the impact of cyclone fani in coastal bengal.
;;0.0;;responding in a couple of hours, mamatabanerjee thundered from a rally in the same district, if you can prove even one tmc candidate is a coal mafia, i shall withdraw all 42 candidates.
;;0.0;;nuclear power corporation of india (npcil) wants to renegotiate the nuclear power plant at haripur in coastal west bengal with the mamatabanerjee government, an official of the psu said in kolkata on monday.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee categorically opposed the nuclear power plant in haripur, about 125 km away.
;;0.4019;;chief minister mamatabanerjee clearly said that the government is against nuclear power plants.
;;0.0;;but mamatabanerjee wants to demolish the opposition completely.
;;0.7061;;on sunday, mamatabanerjee assured the people that they could cast their votes without fear because adequate security arrangements had been made.
;;-0.3818;;the move came after chief minister mamatabanerjee pulled up forest officials for the number of deaths caused by the elephant attacks in bankura-west midnapore belt.
;;0.5719;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee posted on the social networking site: democracy wins.
;;0.0;;footballupdated: aug 01, 2019 22:48 istwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee hit out at meghalaya governor tathagata roy on thursday, saying his remarks about the east bengal football club were disrespectful.
;;-0.5106;;even an ultimatum by chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday to resume work or face action failed to bring the striking doctors back to the wards.
;;-0.9382;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has not only ruled out talks with the agitators, but also threatened to invoke essential services maintenance act against the doctors and eviction from hostels (if they did not work) and face punitive action.
;;0.4019;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has been emphasising the need for communal harmony.
;;-0.631;;but the return of mamatabanerjee as chief minister in 2016 and the bjps poor show in the assembly elections came as a blow.
;;0.4019;;all this while, vijayvargiya would take on mamatabanerjee on political grounds and shiv prakash would stay in the background to provide logistical support.
;;0.0;;former railway minister, mukul roy, of the trinamool was a big catch in 2017, and the one-time close associate of mamatabanerjee helped the bjp identify potential leaders who could cross over.
;;-0.7003;;speaking to reporters hours after the calcutta high court ordered a central probe into the scandal, mamatabanerjee alleged the scandal  first aired on naradanews.com in march 2016  was sponsored by the bjp.
;;-0.2263;;the probe sets the stage for fresh confrontation between mamatabanerjee  who emerged as the fulcrum of anti-bjp protests over demonetisation  and the centre.
;;-0.6124;;the timing of the expose triggered a torrent of allegations from mamatabanerjee who described it as a conspiracy.
;;0.8465;;but despite the criticism, mamatabanerjee won a sweeping victory in the assembly elections that followed.
;;0.1508;;but water being a state subject, the centre cannot hope to conclude a deal on sharing teesta water without getting west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on board.
;;0.7579;;as per an agreement of 2011, which was not signed due to opposition from mamatabanerjee , the two sides had agreed to share the rivers water 50:50, the same as the 1996 ganges water-sharing pact between the neighbours.
;;-0.8316;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday announced a tourism circuit around mangal pandey, whose death on april 8, 1857 triggered india's first war of independence.
;;0.1779;;at a time when chief minister mamatabanerjee is pulling up authorities of hospitals in the state for overcharging and shoddy treatment, the sub-divisional hospital of kharagpore presented a different picture by celebrating the rice eating ceremony of a girl child who was abandoned by her mother after delivery.
;;-0.5574;;modi, 68, said mamatabanerjee was destroying the bhadralok, or genteel and ethos that west bengal had come to be represent, in an election rally at taki on the indo-bangla border in north 24 parganas district.
;;-0.6249;;he said mamatabanerjee , 64, had been frightened by the rise of the bjp in west bengal and accused her of being despotic.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee is high on power and wants to strangle democracy.
;;-0.743;;modi also specifically targeted mamatabanerjee over the chit fund scandal in which tens of thousands of small investors lost their life savings and the saradha group collapsed in 2013.
;;-0.3818;;addressing a press conference after the ecs announcement, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said: some emergency situation has arisen due to some directions of the election commission.
;;-0.4019;;party leaders, including mamatabanerjee , replaced their social media profile photos with photos of vidyasagar to protest the alleged desecration of his statuewhat happened yesterday hurt the very ethos of bengal, tmc leader derek obrien said.
;;-0.6705;;we are grieved and embarrassed, 53 people said in an open letter to chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday.
;;-0.2732;;the strike was called on its sixth day after mamatabanerjee held a meeting with the agitators and assured concrete measures.
;;0.0772;;doctors on strike in bengal on sunday agreed to meet chief minister mamatabanerjee but they say that the meeting should be open for media coevarge, reported pti.
;;0.2617;;after an internal meeting late on saturday, the doctors, who had turned down an invite for a closed-door meeting with mamatabanerjee at the state secretariat, mellowed down and stated that they were ready to hold a dialogue in any form, but the venue of the meeting would be decided later.
;;-0.25;;during a press conference at the state secretariat on saturday, mamatabanerjee urged the agitators to resume work and said her government had accepted all of their demands.
;;-0.3968;;the tipu sultan mosque imam who is close to chief minister mamatabanerjee also said, if nigam is disturbed by the sound of namaz and that of temple and church bells, he should shift his house to a spot where none of these reach him.
;;0.5267;;under the same condition, kejriwal said he would endorse west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee for the prime ministers post as well.
;;0.0258;;read: former bengal governor gopal gandhi may be oppositions choice as presidential candidatepcc sources said the decision to write the letter was backed by leaders such as state general secretary omprakash mishra, and behrampore mla, manoj chakraborty who have sharpened their campaign against mamatabanerjee ever since trinamool ministers and mps faced cbi probe.
;;0.34;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee faced the biggest embarrassment in her political career after a news portal captured footage of 12 leaders from her party  mps, mlas, ministers and the kolkata mayor  accepting money from the representative of a fictitious finance company.
;;0.0;;in april 2017, when bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee went to bhubaneswar to meet sudip bandhopadhyay, she also met paul and expressed concern about his health.
;;0.0516;;he was pulled by mamatabanerjee and made to tender unconditional apology.
;;0.0;;the tweet appeared on the same day when west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee took to twitter saying the country deserves to know what happened to bose.
;;-0.2263;;on this day, in 1945, netaji went on a flight from taihoku airport in taiwan, only to disappear forever, mamatabanerjee wrote in her tweet.
;;0.3612;;he fell out of favour with bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , one of his strongest backers once, last week after he warned of a jihad if india was declared a hindu state and also refused to take off the red beacon from his car.
;;0.0;;at a public event, mamatabanerjee declared that henceforth, the street would be known as satyajit ray dharani.
;;-0.296;;according to the police complaint, barkati repeatedly said that chief minister mamatabanerjee did not oppose the beacon.
;;0.0;;congress state secretary and jadavpur university professor omprakash mishra has written on his facebook wall that the mamatabanerjee government is silent over the issue as taking off the red beacon from imams car may spell doom for the party.
;;0.3182;;please do not react to any kind of provocation from anyone, chief minister mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.765;;as she spoke at an election rally in bengal on tuesday, chief minister mamatabanerjee said pm modis attack was in bad taste.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday congratulated the bjp as it was seen powering through as counting of votes in the lok sabha election was being held.
;;0.0;;let the counting process be completed fully and the vvpats matched, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
;;0.5574;;also read | with double-digit gains, bjp breaches mamatabanerjee banerjees bengal citadelaccording to the leads, the bjp was set to win 346 seats, upa 91, bsp-sp alliance 19 and others 86 in the lok sabha election held on 542 of the 543 seats.
;;0.4019;;several heavyweights, including chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee , tmcs leader in the 16thlok sabha sudip bandyopadhyay and bharatiya janata party (bjp) national secretary rahul sinha are in the fray, along with tmcs political greenhorns, actor-turned politicians mimi chakraborty and nusrat jahan.
;;0.34;;in diamond harbour, from where abhishek mamatabanerjee is seeking his second term, bjp has fielded nilanjan roy, who switched from congress to bjp last year.
;;0.34;;i wrote to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , urging her provide a secure working environment to doctors.
;;-0.4939;;the sharing of teesta river water is a contentious issue between india and bangladesh with bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee refusing to provide even single drop of extra water to the neigbouring country where it is main source of irrigation.
;;-0.128;;mamata mamatabanerjee , like many other opposition leaders, was all for the plan to scale up the offensive against electronic voting machines and the election commission.
;;0.4019;;after discussing with mamatabanerjee , i will go to delhi later in the evening to continue deliberations with the other parties.
;;0.4019;;while mamatabanerjee has vowed to make a clean sweep of all 42 seats in the state, three in this phase stand out  berhampore, asansol and burdwan-durgapur.
;;-0.1531;;a day after bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said at a public rally that prime minister narendra modi is drenched in blood from head to feet, alluding to the 2002 gujarat riots, bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders in bengal lashed out at her, alleging that the blood stains are in fact on the hands of the trinamool congress (tmc) leader.
;;0.3818;;state bjp president dilip ghosh said that the stronger the bjp got in bengal, the more mamatabanerjee was targeting narendra modi personally.
;;-0.3818;;also read | at poll rally, mamatabanerjee explains why bengal skipped pm modi meetthe bengal chief minister and the prime minister have been locked in an ongoing battle of words this election campaign season.
;;-0.7096;;while mamatabanerjee has called modi a liar, ravana and expiry babu (signalling his term as pm has expired), modi has coined a name speed breaker didi for mamatabanerjee , meaning her puts obstacles on the path of development that modi has envisaged for west bengal.
;;0.8271;;when modi comes to bengal and alleges tolabazi, i feel like giving him a slap of democracy, said mamatabanerjee on tuesday at a public rally, raising her right hand in a motion of slapping.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee and sitaram yechury have been in touch with kejriwal to rope him in the larger oppositions scheme of things.
;;0.4019;;last week, kejriwal had a long meeting with mamatabanerjee and appeared to have decided to support the opposition candidate.
;;-0.34;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday claimed that governor keshari nath tripathi had convened a meeting of four major political parties in the backdrop of the post-poll violence in the state at the behest of the bjp.
;;-0.4939;;hours after prime minister narendra modi claimed that west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had not returned his calls to enquire about the damage done to the state by cyclone fani, the firebrand trinamool congress chief responded to the pms charge saying that she could not take the pms call as she was in kharagpur.
;;0.1531;;with the ongoing strike by junior doctors in bengal entering the fifth day on saturday, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has said the state government had accepted all their demands and asked them to resume work at the earliest.
;;0.5719;;these parties are trying to revive the demand for political and administrative separation from bengal, which chief minister mamatabanerjee has vowed to prevent.
;;0.3818;;mamata pulls up kolkata school for playing modis mann ki baat to studentswest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday pulled up authorities of shri shikshayatan, a private girls school in kolkata, for playing prime minister narendra modis maan ki baat for students.
;;-0.6249;;prime minister narendra modi once again launched a stinging attack on west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee from cooch behar calling her a speed-breaker didi and accusing her of stalling all development projects in the state.
;;-0.9287;;referring to the balakot surgical strikes after the terror attack on a crpf convoy in pulwama in february, the prime minister once again directly attacked mamatabanerjee saying she had a problem with each and every achievement of the bjp government at the centre.
;;0.0;;indiaupdated: aug 28, 2019 16:33 istwest bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday lashed out at the centre on a range of issues: to the goings on in jammu and kashmir to crackdown by investigative agencies while speaking at the foundation day programme of the trinamool congress students wing.
;;-0.25;;though he was earlier close to chief minister mamatabanerjee , the two fell out and tmc struck an alliance with gnlf.
;;0.25;;despite gjms opposition, mamatabanerjee has created 15 development bodies for different hill communities and pumped in hundreds of crores of rupees for them.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee has made numerous trips to darjeeling hills.
;;0.0;;they include abishek mamatabanerjee , pwd minster aroop biswas, municipal affairs minister firad hakim, north bengal development minister rabindranath ghosh, mohan sharma the sabhadipati of alipurduar zilla parishad and saurav chakraborty the alipurduar mla and tmcs president in alipurduar district.
;;0.0;;abishek mamatabanerjee will address a tmc-gnlf rally in darjeeling on friday.
;;0.6369;;deb said, chief minister mamatabanerjee has showered unprecedented love and developments in the hills.
;;0.3182;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is believed to have supported another term for president pranab mukherjee during her meeting with congress chief sonia gandhi on tuesday.
;;0.7961;;in her 45 minute-long meeting with the congress president, mamatabanerjee not only assured her partys support but also indicated that she will talk to parties like aap.
;;0.0;;sometimes they (government) do with akhilesh (yadav), sometimes with (odisha chief minister) naveen patnaik, sometimes with laluji, chidamabaram or (delhi chief minister) arvind kejriwal, mamatabanerjee quipped.
;;0.8834;;while prime minister narendra modi is keen on signing the teesta water sharing agreement with bangladesh, chief minister mamatabanerjee has taken a stand against sharing north bengals principle rivers water with the neighbouring country.
;;-0.0516;;a group of west bengal intellectuals on friday stood by the agitating junior doctors at the nrs medical college and hospital here and urged chief minister mamatabanerjee to speak to the striking doctors to normalize the situation.
;;-0.6808;;also read: dont make this about prestige: harsh vardhan blames mamatabanerjee for doctors strikethe chief minister is our guardian.
;;0.7717;;the supreme court agreed to hear on tuesday the plea of a woman bjp activist challenging her arrest by west bengal police for allegedly sharing a morphed photo of chief minister mamatabanerjee on social media.
;;-0.1531;;a vacation bench, comprising justices indira mamatabanerjee and sanjiv khanna, on monday took note of the plea of advocate n k kaul, representing the activist, that the issue of her arrest be accorded urgent hearing.
;;0.25;;mamata mamatabanerjee , whose party has dominated elections in the state since she first stormed to power in assembly elections in 2011, has dismissed the exit polls as the game plan is to manipulate or replace thousands of evms through this [exit poll] gossip.
;;0.4215;;bengal is a focus state where the bjp deployed its entire might to win at least 22-23 seats, triggering a virulent, no-holds-barred counter-attack from the tmc with mamatabanerjee vowing to make a clean sweep in the state.
;;-0.7003;;while the government has announced the minimum price for the crops, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee blamed demonetisation, along with bumper potato production, for the price crash.
;;0.3182;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday said truth should come out regarding the mysterious disappearance of netaji subhas chandra bose.
;;0.0258;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday launched an acerbic attack at the bharatiya janata party at an event to unveil a new statue of bengal reformer ishwar chandra vidyasagar that was vandalized during the lok sabha elections.
;;-0.2023;;watch | mamatabanerjee unveils new vidyasagar bust, jabs centre amid fresh tmc-bjp clashesthe 19th century reformers statue that she unveiled replaces the one that was broken into pieces during clashes that took place around the time bjp president amit shah was holding a roadshow in kolkata.
;;-0.6486;;mamata mamatabanerjee and her government accuses the bjp of vandalizing the statue, a charge that bjp boss amit shah has denied in the past.
;;-0.6124;;following the warning by mamatabanerjee , emergency services started at sskm hospital and burdwan medical college.
;;-0.8225;;while the opposition has attacked cm mamatabanerjee over the impasse, with the bjp accusing her of acting as hitler, the chief minister has called the strike a conspiracy by the cpi(m) and the bjp.
;;0.7506;;trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee nominated a gorkha leader for ensuing rajya saba polls, after her party won a darjeeling hills civic body for the first time in 32 years.
;;-0.1027;;prime minister narendra modi on monday accused west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee of playing politics over the cyclone fani issue.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee later responded to the swipe.
;;-0.765;;watch: frustrated didi jailing those who chant jai sri ram: pm modi slams mamataon sunday, a controversy had erupted with the bengal administration alleging that the prime minister had bypassed the state chief minister mamatabanerjee and had called governor keshari nath tripathi asking him to prepare a report on the damage that had been inflicted by cyclone fani in the state.
;;-0.4939;;read: no need to follow centres order banning cattle sale, mamatabanerjee tells bengal officialssources in the state secretariat told ht that chief minister mamatabanerjee is reluctant to abide by the centers request.
;;-0.2732;;the relation between prime minister narendra modi and bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is passing through an all-time low.
;;0.0;;read: beef politics: mamatabanerjee , pinarayi vijayan up ante against cattle trade rulesthere are 20 cattle markets throughout bengal, but only five fall within eight kilometers from the indo-bangladesh border.
;;-0.128;;however, mamatabanerjee , vehemently opposed it and said that the union government deliberately came out with the notification during the ramzan month to create communal disturbance.
;;0.4019;;read: rss muslim wing to hold cow milk parties for iftar, says healthier than beeflike kerala chief minister pinarayi vaijayan, mamatabanerjee also asserted that her government will not implement the centres may 26 order.
;;0.2023;;other top mentioned leaders on twitter between january 1 to may 19 included congress president rahul gandhi, bjp chief amit shah, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , among others.
;;0.0772;;mamata mamatabanerjee has made alliance with people who want two prime ministers, one for delhi and one for jammu and kashmir, modi said at his first election rally in cooch behar district.
;;0.4767;;watch: on mamatas turf, pm modi says speed-breaker didi is scaredan hour later, mamatabanerjee returned the compliment at her rally at moynaguri in jalpaiguri district.
;;0.4215;;without naming banerjees nephew and political heir abhisek mamatabanerjee , the prime minister said, people of bengal had put their faith in didi.
;;0.0;;modi had dubbed mamatabanerjee speed breaker didi at his rallies in bengal on april 3.
;;0.0;;on april 3, mamatabanerjee dubbed modi expiry pm to drive home the point that his present tenure has come to an end.
;;0.51;;chief minister mamatabanerjee urged people and political parties not to pay heed to canards and fake videos, and participate peacefully in the panchayat elections.
;;0.0;;senior trinamool leaders, including chief minister mamatabanerjee , have said over the past few days that the polling has to be completed before ramzan begins (likely to start from may 16).
;;0.0;;the bjps state general secretary pratap mamatabanerjee also pointed out that there are more than 58,400 booths in the state and just about 58,000 police personnel, of whom about 46,000 carry firearms and 12,000 carry canes.
;;-0.25;;chief minister mamatabanerjee ordered and monitored the agitation programme.
;;0.0;;since the fateful announcement of the prime minister at 8 pm on november 8, mamatabanerjee emerged as the most visible face among the opposition leaders to hit the streets against the decision.
;;-0.7506;;bengal is in a debt trap, and chief minister mamatabanerjee is desperately looking for ways to shore up its tax revenues.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee emphasised on raising living standards of the local people.
;;-0.2732;;in fact, chief minister mamatabanerjee had openly warned of a tit-for-tat reprisal.
;;-0.6908;;said an angry mamatabanerjee after the mps arrest on january 3.
;;-0.4404;;while the pmo was quick to announce compensation, the mamatabanerjee government denied the incident took place.
;;-0.8957;;the latest round of killings is likely to further intensify the pressure on chief minister mamatabanerjee whose government, according to agency reports has been asked saturday to file a report on the measures taken to contain political violence in the state.
;;0.4215;;recently, prasad had called up gandhi to invite her to the rally to initiate a congress-led secular front, with mamatabanerjee and mayawati likely to share the dais.
;;0.0;;incidentally, chief minister mamatabanerjee insisted that the polling should not be held during the ramzan month (likely to begin on may 16), the heights of summer and after the onset of rains.
;;0.0;;he was only asking us what we would do, alleged pratap mamatabanerjee , general secretary of bengal unit of bjp after his meeting with poll panel chief a k singh.
;;-0.6369;;also read | in mamatas rosogollas filled with pebbles for him, pm modi sees an opportunitytrinamools turnaround on tata is aimed to showcase the industry-friendly face of the mamatabanerjee government ahead of the last three phases of polling that will take place largely in urban and semi-urban areas, including singur, the site of the doomed project.
;;-0.3818;;ever since she came to power in 2011, mamatabanerjee has been trying to seek fresh investments even as critics have pointed to her stubborn policies on land acquisition  a politically sensitive issue for the state  that led to tatas exit from singur.
;;-0.4019;;sarangi also launched a frontal attack on the trinamool in bengali, criticising west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee for not allowing the people of bengal to avail the benefits of some of the centres welfare schemes such as ayushman bharat.
;;0.5106;;local trade is a state subject and chief minister mamatabanerjee is free to form her own law on cow trade in bengal, bjp national secretary and uttar pradesh health minister siddharth nath singh said on saturday.
;;-0.5106;;the bjp also demanded that the poll body bar chief minister mamatabanerjee from campaigning for instigating her party workers for the violence.
;;-0.7184;;mamata mamatabanerjee had condemned the attack and mentioned that an inquiry will be done.
;;-0.92;;also read | murder of democracy: bjp slams mamatabanerjee over violence at amit shah roadshowit is a very unfortunate incident and an entire college was vandalised.
;;-0.1027;;also read | bjp, trinamool spar over violence during amit shahs kolkata roadshowwriting on the wall is clear and mamatabanerjee didi has read it well.
;;0.4939;;read: tmc virtually unopposed in zilla parishad, nominations for bengal rural polls extendedbengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , however, has claimed that the nomination phase has been peaceful.
;;0.8885;;bjp is targeting to win at least 22 of the 44 seats in the state -- currently it has two -- while ruling trinamool congress is determined to protect its grip on the state even as mamatabanerjee is aspiring to cobble together an anti-bjp front with regional parties across the country.
;;-0.4215;;trinamool leaders including chief minister mamatabanerjee have criticised them for rushing to the governor on the slightest pretext.
;;-0.4404;;calcutta high court on friday allowed rss chief mohan bhagwat to address a rally in the city the day after, dealing a big blow to mamatabanerjee led west bengal government that had denied permission for the event.
;;-0.4404;;adding a new dimension to the tussle between chief minister mamatabanerjee and the saffron camp, kolkata police had earlier denied permission for the rss rally, prompting the sangh to move the court.
;;0.3612;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , for her part, said the visionless (demonetisation) drive only made the nation lose its economic freedom.
;;0.3008;;chief minister mamatabanerjee , who rushed to the spot that very night, blamed bjp supporters participating in party chief amit shahs road show for the incident.
;;0.0;;on june 11, mamatabanerjee unveiled the new statue of vidyasagar.
;;0.0;;union home minister rajnath singh appealed to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday to initiate a dialogue with all stakeholders of darjeeling, where life has been paralysed for the last 60 days due to an indefinite bandh for separate gorkhaland state.
;;-0.4019;;the narada sting operation had landed bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee in her biggest trouble so far.
;;-0.296;;read: narada case: mention of abhishek mamatabanerjee in fir sends trinamool in tizzys m h mirza, an ips officer who claimed to be taking the money on behalf of roy is the last on the list of accused.
;;-0.7906;;read: mamatabanerjee publicly defends the narada accusedsections 7 (public servant taking gratification other than legal remuneration) and 13 (criminal misconduct by a public servant) of prevention of corruption act (poca) and criminal conspiracy charges under section 128 of the ipc were slapped against the accused.
;;-0.5267;;it was aired in mid-march 2016, about a fortnight before the bengal assembly polls that year, leading mamatabanerjee to allege that the operation was a political conspiracy.
;;0.0258;;though chief minister mamatabanerjee said the governments and kmrcls priority was to rehabilitate the residents and compensate them, urban development minister and kolkata mayor firhad hakim on thursday accused the construction company of making a huge blunder.
;;-0.4877;;read: bengal on bjp radar: amit shah makes 3-day trip, takes on mamatabanerjee in her backyardgoing by the strategy the bjp plans to follow, the cpi(m) should have more reasons to worry than trinamool congress.
;;0.6997;;bjp leaders think that this is the most opportune moment to corner mamatabanerjee who is under pressure as the cbi investigation in the narada sting can haul up a dozen prominent leaders of her party.
;;0.4019;;read: election results: why bjps sweep in up could be ominous for mamatabanerjee banerjeesince chief minister mamatabanerjee makes it a point to highlight the achievements of the trinamool government at every government and party function, shah has asked state bjp leaders to focus on central projects and schemes, right from beti bachao beti padao to nirmal ganga.
;;-0.296;;he told people to file questions under the right to information act if they had doubts about any data furnished by mamatabanerjee , said sinha.
;;0.6602;;trinamool congress leaders, including chief minister mamatabanerjee , raised questions why the cbi had not questioned or arrested supriyo for his proximity with the arrested rose valley chief.
;;-0.4497;;but since chief minister mamatabanerjee is sensitive to environment issues, we have decided to plant seven-eight trees for each tree axed, state food minister jyotipriya mallick, who also heads the trinamool congress organisation in north 24 parganas district, told ht.
;;0.7269;;in this era of super emergency, we must do all it takes to protect the rights and freedoms that our constitution guarantees, mamatabanerjee tweeted.
;;-0.4215;;for example, congress leader jairam ramesh, who went to campaign in karnataka, steered clear of taking a dig at jd(s) while targeting the bjp during rallies, and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee wasted no time in calling the jd(s) patriarch on tuesday afternoon.
;;0.7269;;tmc chief mamatabanerjee , for one, wants the congress to extend support to a federal front of regional parties.
;;0.5423;;isaacs statement of all states agreeing to the july 1 rollout assumes significance as west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had said that her state will not roll out the new indirect tax regime in its present form.
;;0.0258;;we will talk to all secular parties, including tmc chief mamatabanerjee , bsp chief mayawati and sp veteran mulayam singh yadav, to carve out a new secular bloc to fight the bjp in 2019 poll.
;;0.0;;significantly, he did not mention current chief minister mamatabanerjee , who was the railway minister in his cabinet between may 2009 and may 2011.
;;0.5574;;while west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee claimed the transfers were ordered at the behest of the bharatiya janata party (bjp), the congress alleged that the commission had written a love letter to adityanath for his insult to the indian army.
;;-0.6537;;at the most you can fire tear gas shells, but dont open fire no matter how grave the provocation -- west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has set out clear instructions to the police as they gear up to control the left mega agitation to march to the state secretariat on may 22.
;;0.4404;;pushed to near irrelevance by continuously dipping vote share, the peasant wings of cpi(m) and other left parties have announced the biggest agitation programme in recent times against the mamatabanerjee government.
;;-0.8176;;mamata mamatabanerjee has always highlighted police firing on the youth congress agitation on july 21, 1993 as one of the worst cases of police atrocities during the 34-year left rule in bengal.
;;-0.25;;the agitation on july 21, 1993 was led by mamatabanerjee who was then the youth congress leader.
;;-0.7951;;so any tragedy on that day will give cpi(m) to allege that the mamatabanerjee government even opens fire on farmers.
;;0.8271;;n chandrababu naidu, the telugu desam party boss who has taken on a lead role to unite opposition parties in case exit polls that predicted a comfortable majority for the nda are wide off the mark, will meet bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on late monday afternoon.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee also ran down the election exit polls, a poll of voters taken immediately after they exit the polling stations.
;;-0.6808;;we will fight this battle together, mamatabanerjee had tweeted.
;;0.0;;nine councillors joined the tmc in the presence of lok sabha mp abhishek mamatabanerjee , who is chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees nephew.
;;0.0;;today, nine councillors joined, pushing our numbers to 19, said abhishek mamatabanerjee in a press conference on saturday.
;;0.0;;taking a jibe at roy, mamatabanerjee remarked, the bjp leader who could not retain councillors in its own backyard boasts that 107 legislators are keeping in touch with him.
;;0.6249;;bjp bengal unit vice-president jay prakash majumdar said, instead of taking pride in the return of their councillors, abhishek mamatabanerjee should introspect why their councillors left their party in the first place.
;;-0.5023;;but next door in west bengal, chief minister mamatabanerjee has successfully contained a festering maoist problem that threatened to destabilise large swathes of the state even a decade ago.
;;0.0;;after she came to power in may 2011, mamatabanerjee followed a three-pronged approach.
;;-0.296;;after the security forces managed to kill kishanji in an operation in november 2011, mamatabanerjee increased her thrust on expediting development projects in jangalmmahal.
;;-0.0258;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday slammed the centre for scheduling a niti aayog meeting on the same day as eid ul-fitr, and warned that she will not compromise on the interests of minorities.
;;0.7906;;undeterred, mamatabanerjee and her party colleagues make it a point to join in the eid festivities every year.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu, and telangana chief minister kc rao congratulated me.
;;-0.7269;;wheat on at least 1,000 hectare in two districts have already been affected by the wheat blast disease, that has triggered desperate measures from the mamatabanerjee government with the agriculture department burning standing crops to contain the menace from spreading to the rest of the country.
;;0.0;;we are awaiting laboratory reports for confirmation, p k majumder, advisor to chief minister mamatabanerjee on agriculture, told ht.
;;0.4588;;parliament strongly condemned on wednesday a statement by a bjp youth wing leader who announced a rs 11-lakh bounty to anyone who beheads west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , with the centre saying the state government is free to take legal action against him.
;;0.5475;;yogesh varshney, a leader of the bharatiya janata yuva morcha, triggered a controversy after saying mamatabanerjee does not allow processions and fairs during ram navami and hanuman jayanti though she organises iftar party and always supports muslims.
;;0.0;;raising the issue soon after the house assembled to take up the days business, tmc member saugata roy said: mamatabanerjee is not only an elected chief minister but a former member of this house too.
;;-0.2732;;west bengal  where mamatabanerjee returned to power with a thumping majority last year  has seen mounting clashes between state forces and right-wing elements, who say the trinamool congress is biased towards muslims and is anti-hindu.
;;-0.7013;;bjps kailash vijayvargiya said he did not agree with varshneys remarks although there was anger against mamatabanerjee for her politics of appeasement.
;;-0.4404;;on wednesday, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had invited pm modi to inaugurate the worlds second largest coal block that has the potential to generate nearly one lakh jobs and is expected to bring in investments to the tune of rs 12,000 crore.
;;0.7096;;with chief minister mamatabanerjee busy in trying to form a front of regional parties to take on the bjp, trinamool congress is unwilling to cede any political space to the saffron party that has already emerged as the main challenger at the expense of the left and congress.
;;-0.4767;;on january 29 the bengal government will handover 5 lakh houses to poor families in the villages, chief minister mamatabanerjee announced on tuesday in a move that seems to be linked to the forthcoming rural polls.
;;0.4588;;read: eyeing rural polls, mamatabanerjee announces rs 12,000 crore additional fundsfamilies in all districts -- except howrah and north 24 parganas that will have two bypolls on january 29 -- will get the benefit.
;;-0.6808;;members of the west bengal minority united council who claimed to have gathered under the guidance of the all india majlis-e-shoora, tipu sultan masjid, demanded that chief minister mamatabanerjee should ban the rss in bengal and persuade the bjp government to expel tarek fatah.
;;0.5719;;i congratulate the women who fought for justice  office of rg (@officeofrg) august 22, 20175:35pm: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee refused to comment on the apex court verdict on triple talaq.
;;0.5423;;though mamatabanerjee and her party stayed away from the issue, west bengal library service minister siddiqulla chowdhury criticised the supreme court judgment.
;;-0.3818;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee urged president pranab mukherjee on monday to save the people of the country from the hardship caused by demonetisation and the resultant cash crisis, while claiming that the cbi was being used to victimise her party.
;;-0.4404;;chief minister mamatabanerjee said that tough laws would be enforced immediately after the ausgram police station in burdwan district was vandalised and set on fire last month.
;;0.0258;;the centre wednesday informed rajya sabha that it has not yet given its nod to change the name of west bengal to bangla as proposed by the state government following which chief minister mamatabanerjee dashed off a letter to prime minister narendra modi for expediting the matter.
;;-0.0762;;union minister of state for home nityanand rai in a written response to a question from mp ritabrata mamatabanerjee said the centre has not cleared the name bangla for west bengal.
;;0.0;;a senior state official said mamatabanerjee requested the prime minister to do the needful to change the states name to bangla.
;;-0.0258;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees nephew abesh mamatabanerjee , who is a medical student, on friday came out in support of the protesting doctors at the state-run hospitals.
;;0.0;;abesh mamatabanerjee , whose facebook bio describes him as the president of kpc medical college and hospital, was seen at a rally holding a placard that read: you say we are gods!
;;0.0;;dr abesh mamatabanerjee , nephew of mamatabanerjee at kpc hospital kolkata!
;;-0.3164;;mamata mamatabanerjee left red faced as her own nephew, abesh mamatabanerjee , who is a student at kolkata's kpc medical college hospital, has joined the doctors' protest today!
;;0.0;;till then mamatabanerjee had remained silent on the issue.
;;-0.3724;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee did not appear impressed with the new rule.
;;0.7906;;all restrictions should be withdrawn immediately #demonetisation  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) january 16, 2017according to bank of maharashtra executive director rk gupta, the relaxation by the rbi was a clear indication that the cash situation in the country was easing.
;;0.0276;;while the modi government wants to deport all rohingya refugees, who are considered as the most persecuted ethnic minority in the world, the west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has expressed support for them last year.
;;0.0;;despite speculations, bengal chief minister, mamatabanerjee did not attend the meeting.
;;-0.5517;;over the past seven days, agitators and activists of the city resorted to various forms of protest, all peaceful, to try and convince the mamatabanerjee government that attempts to curb the right to agitate at a spot widely reckoned as a cradle of dissent is not acceptable.
;;-0.6124;;read: mamatabanerjee bans agitation in kolkatas protest hub of college squarethe organisations that took to the streets to protest were human rights bodies such as association for protection of democratic rights (apdr), centre for protection of democratic rights and secularism (cpdrs), all india democratic students organisation (student wing of suci) and cpi(ml)(liberation), a small naxalite outfit.
;;0.0;;banner thanking chief minister mamatabanerjee for the historic decision by the students union of calcutta university.
;;-0.5106;;on thursday afternoon, education minister partha chatterjee said, our leader mamatabanerjee , too, is a product of agitation and struggle.
;;0.4019;;trinamool congress wont conduct any meetings there, and all parties must follow it, remarked mamatabanerjee at an administrative meeting at chinsurah of hooghly district on june 1.
;;0.4019;;senior congress leader adhir ranjan chowdhury expressed his reservations on thursday after west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee reached out to his party and the cpi(m) to join her fight against the bjp in the state.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee herself scoffed at the development.
;;0.0;;from bengal to jharkhand to uttar pradesh -- we will spread out towards delhi, said bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee at a public rally in domkal of murshidabad district on wednesday.
;;-0.1695;;though politics is an art of the possible, it appears bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , who has vowed not to allow a division of bengal, is having her way.
;;-0.6705;;in short, it is an unqualified victory for ms mamatabanerjee , who has emerged as one of the bitterest critics for the bjp-led government at the centre.
;;-0.4497;;but the bjps position seems to be dictated by the consideration that it is eyeing a big share of the 42 lok sabha seats in the 2019 elections, and exploring a separate state may be politically suicidal in bengal, where ms mamatabanerjee is already accusing the party of trying to divide the state.
;;-0.5574;;chowdhury is a bitter and vocal critic of chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is treating the contest as a personal challenge the left front has not nominated any candidate for the seat.
;;0.4019;;while the incumbent and trinamool candidate is depending on the organisational machinery of the ruling party and the personal charisma of chief minister mamatabanerjee , the bjp candidate, who spent his student years in asansol and speaks bengali fluently, is banking on anti-incumbency against the trinamool congress.
;;0.296;;artists and common people should join hands to resist attempts to divide the society, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said in a public meeting in birbhum district on thursday.
;;0.3818;;read: durga puja politics: mamatabanerjee sends out a clear message to bjpmamata mamatabanerjee is on a three-day tour of the districts.
;;-0.2263;;ten years ago, land protests in singur against a proposed factory to make tata nano -- the worlds cheapest car -- made headlines across the globe and catapulted then opposition leader mamatabanerjee to limelight.
;;-0.3612;;the demonstrations carried mamatabanerjee  who sat on a hunger strike against the tata factory  to power in 2011, dislodging a 34-year-old left front government.
;;0.6808;;the swearing-in ceremony took place on may 23 in the presence of several political leaders opposed to the nda combine, including trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee , congress leaders sonia and rahul gandhi, samajawadi party president akhilesh yadav, bsp supremo mayawati and cpi(m) leader sitaram yechury.
;;-0.3818;;back in bengal on the campaign trail, prime minister narendra modi on thursday launched a scathing attack at chief minister mamatabanerjee for her governance record.
;;0.8047;;but before he got down to critiquing her stint as a two-time chief minister, pm modi also hurled a dart at mamatabanerjee who had told a rally that she felt like giving him a slap of democracy.
;;-0.8901;;exclusive | this election will be indias turning point: pm modibut, pm modi said, mamatabanerjee would have had to worry so much about losing if she had showed the courage to slap her colleagues who cheated the poor in the chit fund scam.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee in state assembly: as if the chandrayaan launch is the first in the country.
;;0.0;;they are trying to erase the culture of bengal, a combative mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.6124;;watch: frustrated didi jailing those who chant jai sri ram: pm modi slams mamataa video has appeared in the social media that shows mamatabanerjee stopping her car at a place in west midnapore district and chasing some persons who chanted jai shri ram as her carcade was passing the area.
;;-0.3089;;i couldnt have taken this step without public support, chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is also in charge of the health department, said in her long reply to the debate.
;;0.5106;;(subhankar chakraborty/ht photo)while meeting ceos of kolkatas top private hospitals two weeks ago, mamatabanerjee had promised that she would introduce a new bill and set up a regulatory body.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendra modi on tuesday termed mamatabanerjee a speed breaker in the way of west bengals development.
;;-0.8176;;unleashing a scathing attack on her principal adversary, mamatabanerjee called modi fascist, communal, a rioter and anti-poor, shortly after the prime minister addressed his first rally in siliguri and flew down to kolkata to address the second.
;;0.0;;watch:pm modi takes a jibe at mamatabanerjee , calls her speed breaker didishe referred to modi as expiry babu several times, in a bid to drive home the point that the tenure of the present government has come to an end.
;;0.4767;;below are the live updates:1:05pm: chief minister mamatabanerjee announces new era in the hills, says the trinamool congress will work sincerely.
;;0.9337;;we are honored, privileged & humbled #verdictofbengal 1/4  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) may 17, 201712:45pm:this is the final tally for the civic pollsthe trinamool congress won four civic bodies while the gjm-bjp combine won three.
;;0.7579;;10:45am: people of bengal have yet again reposed their faith on the development initiatives of mamatabanerjee , says trinamool congress after four municipality wins.
;;0.5574;;10:33am: the way mamatabanerjee has repeatedly visited the hills and interacted with the people is remarkable.
;;0.296;;10:01am: senior trinamool leader subhendu adhikari describes partys wins as a victory against communal forces9:58am: the four victories will bolster chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is fighting a series of corruption allegations and asked people to vote based on her record of development9.
;;-0.4939;;following the arrest of pal and trinamool mp sudip bandyopadhyay in the rose valley scam case, trinamool congress leaders of various ranks, including party chief mamatabanerjee , started demanding a cbi probe against supriyo as well.
;;0.2023;;on saturday, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had accepted the protesting doctors demands and promised to not invoke the stringent essential services maintenance act (esma) against them for not performing their duties and urged them to resume work immediately.
;;0.4588;;indiaupdated: jul 31, 2019 09:30 isthyderabad-based all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen (aimim) has decided to contest the 2021 west bengal elections and asked chief minister mamatabanerjee - chief of the trinamool congress (tmc) - to decide whether she considers the party as a friend or a foe.
;;0.0516;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has once again added her voice to the growing demand for an investigation into the alleged tampering of electronic voting machines (evms) in the recently-concluded assembly elections.
;;0.2732;;by december, chief minister mamatabanerjee instructed two influential ministers from south 24-parganas district, kolkata mayor cum environment minister sovan chatterjee and food processing minister abdur rejjak mollah, a former prominent leader of the district, to speak to the agitators and pacify them.
;;0.128;;prominent human rights activist sujato bhadra, who also played a role in singur and nandigram agitations led by mamatabanerjee , joined the protesters.
;;0.8176;;hours before the final phase of polling west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee wrote to the election commission on saturday and urged the poll body to ensure peaceful and impartial elections in the state without the interference of the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
;;0.93;;in the final phase of the election tomorrow, i would request your good office to kindly ensure that election is completed peacefully, impartially and without any undue interference of the central government and any intervention by the ruling party at the centre, mamatabanerjee wrote.
;;-0.5267;;referring to bjp president amit shahs roadshow in kolkata on may 14, after which vidyasagar college was vandalised and a bust of the 19th century social reformer broken, mamatabanerjee alleged the new kolkata police commissioner appointed by the ec withdrew prohibitory orders under section 144 of the crpc imposed in the area.
;;-0.7783;;the roadshow was itself a deliberate, intentional and criminal conspiracy to vandalise the culture and heritage of kolkata and west bengal and also to defame the west bengal government and its people, mamatabanerjee wrote.
;;0.5719;;west bengal agriculture minister ashis mamatabanerjee intends to build a memorial in honour of chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjees late mother at the trinamool congress (tmc) chiefs ancestral chakaipur village.
;;-0.5574;;gayatri mamatabanerjee died in december 2011, at the age of 81, seven months after mamatabanerjee was sworn in as west bengals chief minister.
;;0.802;;sources in the ruling party said the district trinamool congress chief, anubrata mondal, had conceived the idea of a memorial in honour of the chief ministers late mother in 2016 and entrusted ashis mamatabanerjee with its implementation.
;;0.0772;;the cbi may also question obrien regarding the sale of several paintings of party chief mamatabanerjee which were purchased by owners of several ponzi scam companies allegedly at a huge price, the officials said.
;;0.0258;;he appealed to west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee to not make this sensitive matter a prestige issue and said that he will write to her in this regard.
;;0.3612;;also read: mamatabanerjee and her goons have converted west bengal into mini pakistan: bjpvardhan has assured the doctors that he will look into their demands.
;;0.296;;throwing a direct challenge to the mamatabanerjee government to act on its threat of taking legal action against people holding processions with arms, the diamond harbour unit of bjp on sunday welcomed its leaders on dais, including state president dilip ghosh, with a machete.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee will not attend the swearing-in ceremony of congress leader kamal nath as madhya pradesh cm, official sources said on sunday.
;;-0.296;;there was, however, no reason cited for mamatabanerjee not going to bhopal for the swearing-in ceremony on monday, an official of the chief ministers office said.
;;0.0;;the clashes began on april 6, while chief minister mamatabanerjee was holding an administrative meeting in the district.
;;-0.6808;;dealing west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee a rude shock in an area she has been sensitive about, the saffron camp bagged 626 seats against trinamools 748, in purulia, till 6 pm.
;;-0.25;;journalist who travelled with mamatabanerjee to scotland was caught stealinga journalist who travelled with west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee when she visited scotland last year was caught stealing cutlery at a dinner party hosted in an edinburgh hotel.
;;-0.5574;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee is expected to visit private hospital saturday afternoon to see a young doctor who is recuperating after an attack at the nrs hospital which sparked a widespread strike by junior doctors which began on tuesday.
;;0.0516;;the doctors have sought unconditional apology from mamatabanerjee and set six conditions for the state government to withdraw the stir.
;;-0.8519;;the stir has spread beyond bengal across 17 states and union territories and involved about 100,000 doctors across india, according to reports from various medical associationsresident doctors of all india institute of medical science (aiims) and safdarjung hospital, who boycotted work on friday have given a 48-hour ultimatum to mamatabanerjee to meet the demands of the states agitating doctors, failing which they said they would begin an indefinite strike.
;;0.3612;;the distance between kolkata and lucknow is nearly 900 kms, but for mamatabanerjee , bengal chief minister is keenly watching the uttar pradesh assembly polls.
;;0.6808;;just after the alliance was announced in up, mamatabanerjee was the first to respond tweeting full support from trinamool congress @aitcofficial to the good alliance for up between @incindia & @samajwadiparty.
;;0.8674;;with mamatabanerjee going all out against narendra modi, not only she will be vindicated, but she will be in a pivotal position in delhi among all opposition parties with her strength in lok sabha and rajya sabha.
;;-0.2247;;modi will become more aggressive against mamatabanerjee , said shibaji pratim basu , political analyst.
;;0.7269;;if bjp fares badly, mamatabanerjee will have the upper hand and an opportunity to vigorously target modi on the floor of the house and outside, joining hands with other opposition parties including congress, basu added.
;;-0.1531;;interestingly, on january 6, mamatabanerjee made public statements, where she demanded that narendra modi should resign and any other senior leader from bjp should become the prime minister.
;;0.2023;;sharpening his attack on west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , prime minister narendra modi on thursday said that didi has an anti-democracy mentality and her party tmc and its goons were creating atmosphere of anarchy in bengal.
;;0.4939;;other prominent leaders who have given their consent to attend the show include tmc chief and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , sp chief and former up cm akhilesh singh, bsp chief mayawati, cpms general secretary sitaram yechury and cpi senior leader d raja.
;;0.3182;;meanwhile, tmc chief mamatabanerjee , another prominent face of the opposition camp, too, has signalled that she was ready to unite all secular forces to defeat the bjp, describing her position in the proposed united front as not of a flower but a vase.
;;-0.6486;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee told a private bengali television channel on friday evening that a group of people have hatched a plan to assassinate her and that supari killers (professional assassins) have been hired for the job.
;;0.0;;this was the first time mamatabanerjee made such a statement.
;;-0.4215;;the channel requested mamatabanerjee to disclose names of conspirators but she refused.
;;0.1779;;on tuesday, a member of the bjps west bengal ex servicemens cell sent a legal notice of chief minister mamatabanerjee seeking apology for her derogatory comments against the army last year.
;;0.128;;our ex servicemen cell has already sent a legal notice to chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday for her alleged derogatory comments against army personnel , dilip ghosh bjp state president, told ht.
;;-0.5574;;trinamool mp kalyan mamatabanerjee refused comment on the arrest saying the law will take its own course.
;;-0.128;;on december 2 last year, mamatabanerjee stayed overnight at the state secretariat and protested against army deployment a few toll plazas in bengal.
;;-0.7783;;mamata mamatabanerjee has alleged that tmc mps sudip bandyopadhyay and tapas paul was arrested by cbi purely as an act of political vendetta in connection with the rose valley chit fund scam.
;;0.34;;trinamool congress leader and nephew of west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , abhishek mamatabanerjee , on saturday sent a defamation notice to prime minister narendra modi for his alleged derogatory remarks made against him in a public rally on wednesday at bengals diamond harbour.
;;-0.7003;;in a scathing attack on abhishek mamatabanerjee , pm modi said he will lose the elections this time and once the results are announced, his office would be locked.
;;-0.128;;also read: ec cites fear psychosis, curtails bengal campaign; mamatabanerjee says unethicalsitting mp abhishek mamatabanerjee , who is considered the number two in the tmc, is seeking re-election from the diamond harbour seat, where he is pitted against bjps nilanjan roy.
;;0.34;;referring to bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shahs roadshow in kolkata on may 14, during which vidyasagar college witnessed vandalism, mamatabanerjee alleged that the new kolkata police commissioner appointed by the ec withdrew prohibitory orders under section 144 crpc imposed in the area.
;;-0.7783;;the roadshow was itself a deliberate, intentional and criminal conspiracy to vandalise the culture and heritage of kolkata and west bengal and also to defame the west bengal government and its people, mamatabanerjee wrote.
;;0.4019;;incidentally, in the end of august last year, abhishek mamatabanerjee also filed a case against the bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah in a city court.
;;-0.3612;;ever since chief minister mamatabanerjee ordered a crackdown on traffic offenders, especially motorcyclists, the city police have tightened vigilance and patrolling has become a regular affair at night.
;;-0.0516;;the west bengal indian police service officer, who is believed to be close to state chief minister mamatabanerjee , sent a letter to the agencys salt lake office in kolkata stating he could not keep his appointment with cbi because he is on leave for the next seven days.
;;0.0;;also read | the kolkata police commissioner at the centre of mamatabanerjee , centre tusslea second cbi officer said that at least three teams are keeping a close watch at three locations  kumars residential quarters at park street, the west bengal cid office at bhabani bhaban and the district court in barasat in south 24 parganas district.
;;-0.2023;;a west bengal lawmaker has capped at rs 250 the consultation charge for doctors in his constituency, the controversial move comes a week after chief minister mamatabanerjee announced a crackdown on private hospitals for alleged overcharging.
;;0.0;;the mla, however, could not say how many doctors would follow the order, which came a week after mamatabanerjee decided to act against alleged fleecing of patients by private practitioners.
;;-0.5423;;trinamool congress chief and west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , who fought an acrimonious election battle with the bjp in the eastern state, also congratulated the winners.
;;0.2263;;west bengal chief mamatabanerjee said that she was surprised by the comments.
;;0.0;;majority of the industrys top-rung actors are seen around chief minister mamatabanerjee at most of her events.
;;0.5423;;mamata mamatabanerjee even started an award ceremony for the film and television industry after coming to power.
;;0.7579;;actor joy mamatabanerjee is a national executive member of the party.
;;0.25;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday said three new districts will be created in the state - kalimpong, asansol and jhargram.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and her goons have converted the state into a mini pakistan, tripura bjp womens wing chief papia datta said on thursday.
;;0.0258;;mamata mamatabanerjee and her goons have converted west bengal into a mini pakistan and she is allergic to ram, a symbol of truth, datta told ani.
;;0.0;;she has also advised mamatabanerjee to start the practice chanting of jai shri ram.
;;0.0;;the furore over jai shri ram slogan started after mamatabanerjee lost her cool when a group of men chanted jai shri ram as her convoy was passing through bhatpara area in north 24 parganas district recently.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal could not come to attend the governing council meeting today at rashtrapati bhavan, a source said.
;;-0.7964;;chief minister mamatabanerjee said on friday that she does not believe netaji subhas chandra bose died in the controversial air crash in taihoku in august 1945 and that the secret files in russia could shed some light on the mystery behind the leaders disappearance.
;;-0.8591;;in april, following display of swords in ram navami processions, cm mamatabanerjee threatened stringent actions against illegal display of weapons.
;;0.3291;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has said she would be happy to see bjp patriarch lk advani as the next president of india but would not mind if union minister sushma swaraj or lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan became the countrys first citizen.
;;0.5859;;this time, while attempts to prevent christians celebrating were made in madhya pradesh and uttar pradesh, in kolkata , chief minister mamatabanerjee joined in singing carols .
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendra modi said on sunday states need to work together for what he calls a vision to create a new india, addressing a meeting of the niti aayogs governing council that was skipped by chief ministers mamatabanerjee and arvind kejriwal  two of his staunchest critics.
;;0.4939;;save for mamatabanerjee and kejriwal, sundays meeting was attended by most of the other cms.west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal could not come to attend the governing council meeting today at rashtrapati bhavan, news agency pti quoted a source as saying.
;;0.4019;;the bharatiya janata party will not be able to get more than 125 seats in the lok sabha elections beginning april 11 and the anti-bjp front is going to form the next government, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee asserted on sunday.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee and odisha chief minister naveen patnaik had been part of the nda in the past.
;;0.4019;;trinamool congress wont conduct any meetings there, and all parties must follow it, remarked mamatabanerjee at an administrative meeting at chinsurah of hooghly district on thursday.
;;-0.2263;;before he could even complete a sentence, mamatabanerjee took over and told the students to submit a formal complaint letter to kolkata police.
;;-0.6249;;mamata mamatabanerjee is trying to find a pretext to deprive the opposition of a traditional spot of protest, opposition leaders have alleged.
;;-0.7713;;read: narada sting and saffron push may really hurt mamatabanerjee for a while to comecollege square has been a spot of agitation and protest since the days of henry derozio and young bengal movement in the early nineteenth century.
;;0.0772;;mamata mamatabanerjee is simply using an excuse to silence us, remarked cpi(m) politburo member and lok sabha mp md salim.
;;0.0;;a left rally on college street against mamatabanerjee government .
;;0.0;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has also asked the state police not to comply with the centres notification.
;;0.0;;when mamatabanerjee came to power in 2011, she had said within 24 hours, her government would start the process of returning land to the farmers.
;;0.0;;the votes of singur made mamatabanerjee the chief minister but she never looked back at them, she said.
