;;-0.5267;;they are threatening everybody, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.6243;;but, the more they say such things, the more we will progress, mamatabanerjee said at a public rally in domkal of murshidabad district.
;;0.5023;;when we do durga puja we say jay ma durga, when we do kali puja we say jay ma kali but we do not give any particular slogan always like the bjp, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;i shall meet after a year to review the work of the body, mamatabanerjee said on wednesday.
;;-0.4404;;joining the list of states who have expressed concerns over the revised fines, west bengal cm mamatabanerjee said the new fines were too harsh on the people.
;;0.4939;;we should all come together to save bengal, mamatabanerjee said in the assembly in her first such statement since the lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;they are trying to erase the culture of bengal, a combative mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;addressing the rallies, mamatabanerjee said that it is not the culture of people of bengal to chant a single persons name.
;;0.0;;alleging that prime minister narendra modi was trying to do politics over cyclone fani, mamatabanerjee said if you (modi) think you will politicise it (cyclone) you must remember that i too understand politics.
;;0.1027;;criticising modi for pointing fingers at former prime minister rajiv gandhi, mamatabanerjee said that he should have shown respect for a departed leader.
;;0.3818;;in may 2013, the offices of the group were raided by kolkata police after chief minister mamatabanerjee announced her resolve to crack down on the deposit-raising companies.
;;0.5859;;even chief minister mamatabanerjee has said that the opposition only creates hurdles and it is conducive for development work if the party that runs the state also runs the local bodies.
;;0.0;;the government will deal with this, said mamatabanerjee .
;;-0.34;;kalyan mamatabanerjee , trinamool congress lok sabha mp said that such attacks only helps in exposing the mindset of bjp leaders.
;;-0.296;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday told the officials in her administration that there was no need to follow the centres notification banning the sale of cattle for slaughter at animal markets till the state government issued a direction to that effect.
;;-0.6124;;speaking at an administrative review meeting, mamatabanerjee said, cow smuggling has to be stopped at any cost.
;;0.4019;;however, i will be present between the prime ministers of two countries as a commoner, mamatabanerjee said on thursday afternoon, referring to bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina, who has been invited as special guest.
;;0.0;;former prime minister hd deve gowdas son, hd kumaraswamy, is likely to be the next chief minister of karnataka, said bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday evening, a few hours before voting starts in karnataka.
;;0.0;;i think his son will become the next chief minister, said mamatabanerjee during an interview with a bengali tv channel.
;;0.4019;;however, mamatabanerjee said that she does not harbour any ambition to lead the front of regional parties.
;;-0.2263;;the more you try to harm me, the stronger i will become, mamatabanerjee said at a rally in kalchini in north bengal.
;;0.0;;it should make public how much money has been pumped back into the economy and the amount of money states have received post demonetisation, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.3182;;if you need to arrive at a permanent solution, then you have to talk to all stakeholders, mamatabanerjee said, according to news agency ani.
;;0.0;;read: bhangar naxalite outfit leader surfaces in delhi, but mystery continueswhen she swept to power in 2011, ms. mamatabanerjee grandiosely announced her government wont ostensibly acquire a square inch of land if villagers objected.
;;-0.5574;;placing the bill in the house, chief minister mamatabanerjee announced that her government is also contemplating compensation of up to rs 5 lakh for the victims and a job for the victims kin.
;;0.0;;you charge exorbitantly high, mamatabanerjee told rana dasgupta, the coo of apollo gleneagles hospitals.
;;-0.3182;;chief minister mamatabanerjee , who rushed to kolkatas national medical college and hospital where some of the injured were admitted, said, there was a large crowd at kachua loknath temple this year.
;;0.1027;;since june 18, when chief minister mamatabanerjee asked the tmc rank and file to return any cut money they had taken from those entitled to government welfare schemes, there have been numerous agitations in different parts of the state by common people and opposition parties alike.
;;0.4019;;speaking at a public meeting on june 5 in mirik, chief minister mamatabanerjee announced the decision of the special audit in the finances of gta, the semi-autonomous body that looks into the affairs of the hills.
;;-0.4019;;(pti)chief minister mamatabanerjee , who was in alipurduar in north bengal, announced a compensation of rs 2 lakh each for families of the deceased and rs 25,000 each for the injured.
;;0.3875;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , however, said the cyclone did not cause much damage in the state.
;;0.0;;there will be round the clock monitoring, said chief minister mamatabanerjee at an election rally in rajarhat.
;;-0.6705;;not a single bjp worker was killed, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.6808;;when asked that if the positioning of different parties for the presidential poll can lead to a potential alliance, mamatabanerjee said, i hope it leads to that situation.
;;0.0;;while placing the bill, chief minister mamatabanerjee announced that her government is also contemplating compensation of up to rs. 5 lakh and a job for the next of kin.
;;0.0;;we need to raise awareness against lynching, mamatabanerjee had said in the assembly.
;;-0.2732;;on june 18, while addressing kolkatas civic body leaders, mamatabanerjee said those who take cut money or commissions from common people must return it.
;;-0.1027;;chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is battling efforts by the bjp to gain a foothold in the states politics, said her up counterparts comments were shocking.
;;-0.1695;;i will not allow anarchy in bengal, said chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday.
;;0.2732;;we have already sent her a letter to show our gratitude, mitra said as mamatabanerjee had asked them to not bow down under pressure.
;;0.0;;this new quota is for those outside the three specified categories, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.34;;the central government and (bjp) party cadres are trying to incite violence in west bengal, mamatabanerjee told reporters at the state secretariat.
;;-0.6613;;i appeal to them to join duty and end the suffering of thousands, mamatabanerjee said, reiterating that outsiders were provoking the doctors, a claim that has not gone down well with the protesters.
;;0.7184;;wherever one party is strong, others must rally around it, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said over the phone on thursday.
;;0.6081;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday said she can contest from any part of the country but chose not to do so as does not want division of votes, adding that stronghold of regional parties in states is a must.
;;-0.4588;;underlying the need for the opposition to defeat the bjp government, mamatabanerjee said: we contest on 9 seats in assam, 1 in andaman, 2 to 4 in odisha.
;;0.0;;continuing her tirade against the bjp and prime minister modi for ruling in an authoritative manner, mamatabanerjee said: bjp looted traders, framers, industrialist, young generation and maa-behen (mother-daughter).
;;-0.6988;;we wont accept the centres decision  it is unconstitutional, mamatabanerjee said, dubbing the ban as an attempt to encroach into state power.
;;-0.7264;;in bengal, chief minister mamatabanerjee said modi has been blabbering lies in the last five years and has not fulfilled a single promise made during the last general election in 2014.
;;0.0;;so, we will have a gateway and green zone, mamatabanerjee told officers and reporters present at the spot.
;;0.3818;;he has promised to do something about the matter, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.4576;;chief minister mamatabanerjee earlier said she wanted the polls before the holy month of ramzan began (likely on may 16), the most oppressive phase of summer and the onset of the monsoons.
;;0.4939;;our state is committed to ensuring social and economic development of all districts uniformly so that regional imbalances do not rise, mamatabanerjee , who had also skipped last weeks niti aayog meeting, said.
;;-0.4576;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said, extremely saddened at the passing away of arun jaitley ji, after a battle bravely borne.
;;0.0;;speaking at a teachers conference in kolkata on january 7, chief minister mamatabanerjee announced that her government will set up the university close to tagores visva bharati.
;;-0.128;;on saturday evening, mamatabanerjee said that the west bengal government did not invoke the essential services maintenance act (esma) even after five days of strike by the junior doctors and appealed to them to immediately rejoin service.
;;-0.3603;;on the mass resignation of the doctors across the state, mamatabanerjee said on saturday that they were not legally tenable.
;;-0.4588;;they attacked the police first, said mamatabanerjee , emerging from the meeting, and showed photos and videos stored in her phone as evidence.
;;0.8074;;while on one hand we have to pay off huge debts, on the other hand the economy has been hit by demonetisation, said mamatabanerjee while interacting with the media after the budget.
;;0.8316;;if they are working good, theyll be rewarded, mamatabanerjee said, addressing a public gathering at mirik, the first civic body in the hills to be electorally conquered by a non-hills party.
;;-0.2263;;the situation is like threatening kids by telling them to keep shut, or else gabbar singh will come, said mamatabanerjee , speaking on the governors address at the state assembly on wednesday.
;;-0.4215;;we are not afraid of such threats, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.3182;;work fast to compensate for the time lost for the panchayat elections, mamatabanerjee told the bureaucrats and ministers.
;;0.0772;;the bengal government will take legal action if any political party, or religious community, other than the sikhs organises processions or rallies with weapons, chief minister mamatabanerjee announced on thursday, drawing sharp reaction from the opposition.
;;0.4767;;mamata mamatabanerjee said she has asked kolkata mayor and urban development minister firhad hakim to keep a watch on the situation and coordinate preparations and relief efforts.
;;0.2579;;we will never allow division of people on the basis of religion, caste and ethnicity, said mamatabanerjee , who is also the chief of the trinamool congress party.
;;0.0;;those who live in bengal are all citizens of bengal, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee told reporters after visiting north kolkatas vidyasagar college.
;;0.0;;if you desecrate the statue of gandhiji, or maulana abul kalam azad or tagore or netaji subhas chandra bose, it does not suffice, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.2263;;at a rally in mandirbazar in support of trinamool lok sabha candidate cm jatua, mamatabanerjee said modi was a liar the like of which we have never seen in the country.
;;-0.5267;;later, at another rally in diamond harbour, where her nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee is in the fray, mamatabanerjee said bjp feared losing the elections.
;;-0.296;;he has no right to continue as the pm, mamatabanerjee said at a rally in hooghly district.
;;-0.296;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , a strident modi critic, told journalists after the opposition meeting that all parties criticised the governments handling of kashmir, caste clashes in saharanpur, demonetisation and incidents of cow vigilantism.
;;-0.5106;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday, announced a cremation/burial allowance scheme for people in the below poverty line (bpl) category in the state.
;;0.4019;;at the same time, keeping in mind the elections for the three- tier panchayat system in the state scheduled for next year, mamatabanerjee announced a special allowance of rs 1,500 for the members and functionaries in the different tiers of the system.
;;0.0;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.128;;the controversyeven as mamatabanerjee asked a section of the ruling tmc workers and leaders who take cut money from welfare scheme beneficiaries to return whatever they have extorted, her message became a political weapon for her rivals.
;;0.8428;;since the tmc got a jolt in the lok sabha elections in which the bjp won 18 seats, a 900 per cent rise from its tally of two seats in 2014, mamatabanerjee said that she would devote more time to party affairs and less as an administrator.
;;-0.0516;;the cut money issue has rocked the state since mamatabanerjee announced on june 18 that her party leaders, who took illegal commissions from the beneficiaries of government welfare schemes, should return the money to those for whom it was intended for.
;;0.0;;i think his son will become the next chief minister, mamatabanerjee had said in an interview with a bengali television channel.
;;0.0;;reiterating her arguments for the federal front on may 11, mamatabanerjee had said that next years general elections will witness an erosion of the bjps support base.
;;-0.6988;;we wont accept the centres decision  it is unconstitutional, mamatabanerjee said, dubbing the ban as an attempt to encroach into state power.
;;-0.8779;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee who is a bitter opponent of the bjp said she was saddened jaitleys death.
;;0.0772;;they want to dictate what we will think and do, said chief minister mamatabanerjee , while speaking at an interview with a television channel.
;;-0.25;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said on thursday she was correct in opposing the demonetisation move by the centre, a day after data showed a weaker-than-expected economic growth that may have been hit by the ban on high-denomination banknotes.
;;0.2263;;west bengal chief mamatabanerjee said that she was surprised by the comments.
;;0.296;;mamata mamatabanerjee had asked chatterjee to step down as kolkata mayor in november last year, after matters relating to his personal life made headlines, creating discomfort for his party.
;;-0.4404;;the cut money controversy has been simmering since june 18 when chief minister mamatabanerjee told municipal councillors at a meeting that tmc leaders who had taken illegal commissions from the beneficiaries of government welfare schemes, should return the money to those it was intended for.
;;0.0772;;they want to dictate what we will think and do, said chief minister mamatabanerjee , while speaking at an interview with a television channel.
;;-0.6908;;in kolkata, chief minister mamatabanerjee said that there is no harm in nepali-speaking people studying bengali in schools.
;;0.0;;the bjp (bharatiya janata party) is indulging in politics with it, mamatabanerjee said at a public meeting in birbhum district.
;;0.1655;;i shall embrace people from assam, but they should also not hound us, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.25;;mamata mamatabanerjee said trinamool congress (tmc) would sit on a dharna in the city on august 13 in protest against the move of the bjp-led government at the centre.
;;-0.4767;;this is unfair, mamatabanerjee told bratati bhattacharyya, secretary general of the shikshayatan foundation , during a meeting with representatives of private schools in the state.
;;-0.5574;;central forces fired outside a polling station, said chief minister mamatabanerjee at a public rally.
;;-0.0139;;a prime minster like this can never be trusted with the country, mamatabanerjee said at an election rally at heria in east midnapore district.
;;0.0;;cpi (m) has sold its flag to the bjp, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.8316;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday claimed that eight people from her party have been killed so far in post-poll violence in the state and accused governor keshari nath tripathi of misquoting the number of deceased.
;;0.4019;;eight of them belong to our party, mamatabanerjee said at the unveiling event of a bust of bengali social reformer ishwar chandra vidyasagar in kolkata.
;;0.0;;all the cases will be investigated, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.9201;;two bjp workers have been killed but it needs to be seen whether they were killed by their own men who were firing bullets, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.6124;;accusing centre of political vendetta, mamatabanerjee said: suddenly all political leaders are thieves.
;;-0.6988;;we wont accept the centres decision  it is unconstitutional, mamatabanerjee said, dubbing the ban as an attempt to encroach into state power.
;;-0.4215;;though she was in delhi, chief minister mamatabanerjee asked her ministers to convene an emergency meeting at the state secretariat and tell all officers posted in north bengal not to go on leave.
;;-0.6192;;except for damaging a few huts, cyclone fani did not cause much havoc in west bengal, chief minister mamatabanerjee said as the severe cyclonic storm weakened saturday morning and headed towards neighbouring bangladesh.
;;-0.3597;;we were very worried about the cyclone fani, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.4939;;chief minister mamatabanerjee told reporters at the state secretariat in kolkata that the situation in the hill district was peaceful.
;;-0.8176;;declaring a zero tolerance policy in cases of assault on doctors and hospital staff, mamatabanerjee asked senior indian police service and indian administrative service officers present at the meeting to chalk out a strategy to identify and punish offenders.
;;-0.1531;;hitting out at the bjp, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said while tuesday was the anniversary of the emergency imposed in 1975, the country is going through super emergency for the past five years.
;;0.7096;;i have already asked the state chief secretary to send a strong letter to the union finance ministry elaborating on our objections to accepting the gst in its present form, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said at a district-level meeting in her state.
;;-0.6705;;they (bjp) have killed two of our men in bhatpara and one in galsi last night, chief minister mamatabanerjee said on tuesday.
;;0.0;;but it has to be found out whether they fell to their own bullets or were shot by someone else, mamatabanerjee said while speaking at a function.
;;-0.1027;;we could have arrested you long ago, mamatabanerjee said at a roadshow organised in ghatal in support of her candidate and film star dipak adhikari alias dev.
;;0.6901;;the president is the custodian of the constitution and it will be very good for the nation if we have a consensus candidate like apj abdul kalam, mamatabanerjee said after her meeting with prime minister narendra modi on thursday.
;;-0.6988;;we wont accept the centres decision  it is unconstitutional, mamatabanerjee said, dubbing the ban as an attempt to encroach into state power.
;;0.0;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday asked the state police not to comply with the centres notification.
;;0.1027;;in his defence, mamatabanerjee told the leadership that he was being stalked and showed facebook posts as evidence.
;;0.4404;;: chandrababu naidu8:10 pm ist chandrababu naidu begins address mamatabanerjee told us a good news -- that modi-shah will go: chandrababu naidu .
;;0.0;;several hindi, bengali and gurkhali speaking people have been left out of the nrc, mamatabanerjee said after the meeting and added the issue of conducting nrc, did not come up during the meeting.
;;0.4019;;chief minister mamatabanerjee clearly said that the government is against nuclear power plants.
;;-0.5256;;after listening to this, i have felt very ashamed, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;there is difference between people of west bengal and east bengal, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;describing the occasion as historic, mamatabanerjee said the centenary year programmes would continue for a year.
;;0.8126;;the trinamool congress will approach the supreme court to challenge a central bureau of investigation probe into a sting operation that purportedly showed a string of top leaders taking bribes, party chief mamatabanerjee said on friday.
;;-0.8316;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday announced a tourism circuit around mangal pandey, whose death on april 8, 1857 triggered india's first war of independence.
;;-0.3818;;addressing a press conference after the ecs announcement, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said: some emergency situation has arisen due to some directions of the election commission.
;;-0.4767;;launching a scathing attack on shah on tuesday, mamatabanerjee said: what does amit shah think of himself?
;;0.0;;we have enough saranis, mamatabanerjee said grandly and thus, satyajit ray dharani came into being.
;;0.3182;;please do not react to any kind of provocation from anyone, chief minister mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.765;;as she spoke at an election rally in bengal on tuesday, chief minister mamatabanerjee said pm modis attack was in bad taste.
;;0.5566;;you may not like him but you should give respect to a departed leader, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.1531;;a day after bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said at a public rally that prime minister narendra modi is drenched in blood from head to feet, alluding to the 2002 gujarat riots, bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders in bengal lashed out at her, alleging that the blood stains are in fact on the hands of the trinamool congress (tmc) leader.
;;0.7003;;we are hopeful that he will agree, mamatabanerjee told the hindustan times on thursday evening.
;;-0.34;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday claimed that governor keshari nath tripathi had convened a meeting of four major political parties in the backdrop of the post-poll violence in the state at the behest of the bjp.
;;0.0;;the bjp has asked him to hold an all-party meeting and that is why it has been called, mamatabanerjee told reporters.
;;0.1531;;with the ongoing strike by junior doctors in bengal entering the fifth day on saturday, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has said the state government had accepted all their demands and asked them to resume work at the earliest.
;;0.4767;;you have to give respect to the constitutional body, mamatabanerjee said while addressing the media in kolkata.
;;0.4404;;let good sense prevail, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.4767;;this is unfair, mamatabanerjee said a meeting with representatives of private schools in the state.
;;0.3612;;factors like caste, political issues will be considered while deciding the candidate, mamatabanerjee said outside sonias official residence at 10 janpath.
;;0.3182;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday said truth should come out regarding the mysterious disappearance of netaji subhas chandra bose.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee also announced that four bronze statues of ashutosh mukherjee, rabindranath tagore, vidyasagar, kazi nazrul islam would be installed on college street.
;;-0.8481;;five persons have been arrested in connection with the incident, mamatabanerjee said, adding that an inquiry has also been ordered to look into complaint of negligence during treatment, resulting in the death of the patient.
;;0.0;;i will also try for the sixth seat, mamatabanerjee recently told ht.
;;0.5719;;i am happy that i have been able to give back something to the hills, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;they have the temerity to say where cattle markets will be located, mamatabanerjee said at a press conference.
;;-0.8689;;today you (modi) referred to narada and saradha scams and you said this with one of the main accused in both scams sitting on the same dais, mamatabanerjee said in an obvious reference to former trinamool congress general secretary mukul roy who is now convenor of bjps west bengal election cell.
;;0.1779;;accusing bjp of giving rs 1000 to every unemployed youth attending the partys rallies in bengal, mamatabanerjee said, you are spending crores of rupees on campaign.
;;0.8481;;the episode happened in front of me and at a time when the parliament was agog with united protests from the opposition parties, in which our party took a leading role, mamatabanerjee told ht over phone.
;;-0.6908;;said an angry mamatabanerjee after the mps arrest on january 3.
;;-0.6249;;i have never seen such political violence in kolkata, mamatabanerjee said after visiting the college.
;;0.3612;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , for her part, said the visionless (demonetisation) drive only made the nation lose its economic freedom.
;;0.0258;;though chief minister mamatabanerjee said the governments and kmrcls priority was to rehabilitate the residents and compensate them, urban development minister and kolkata mayor firhad hakim on thursday accused the construction company of making a huge blunder.
;;-0.0772;;on the 44th anniversary of the emergency last june, mamatabanerjee said the country ws going through super emergency for the past five years.
;;0.5423;;isaacs statement of all states agreeing to the july 1 rollout assumes significance as west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee had said that her state will not roll out the new indirect tax regime in its present form.
;;0.5574;;while west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee claimed the transfers were ordered at the behest of the bharatiya janata party (bjp), the congress alleged that the commission had written a love letter to adityanath for his insult to the indian army.
;;0.0;;it should make public how much money has been pumped back into the economy and the amount of money states have received post demonetisation, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.4439;;the previous day, mamatabanerjee had announced her decision to attend the niti aayog meeting despite not being very comfortable with the idea.
;;0.0;;media reports had earlier quoted mamatabanerjee having said that the rehabilitation of the tribal population will be carried out and government will proceed with the project cautiously.
;;0.0;;(mamata banerjees nephew) abhishek mamatabanerjee said he will get rid of the opposition, but we could not imagine they would be finish off opposition workers with bombs and guns.
;;-0.4767;;on january 29 the bengal government will handover 5 lakh houses to poor families in the villages, chief minister mamatabanerjee announced on tuesday in a move that seems to be linked to the forthcoming rural polls.
;;0.2732;;state-run hospitals in west bengal will no longer offer free treatment to people from other states and countries, state chief minister mamatabanerjee announced on thursday.
;;0.0;;i will not say a word on this, mamatabanerjee said at nabanna, the state secretariat.
;;-0.2846;;asking the common people to rise in protest, mamatabanerjee said, there will be some hardship, but someone has to bell the cat.
;;-0.0191;;even if they take us from bengal to odisha, delhi or uttar pradesh, it does not matter, every place is our country, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.4404;;chief minister mamatabanerjee said that tough laws would be enforced immediately after the ausgram police station in burdwan district was vandalised and set on fire last month.
;;0.5859;;trinamool congress chief mamatabanerjee had said on wednesday that the bjp is trying to run a parallel government in west bengal and parties like the congress and the cpi(m) should join hands with the tmc to fight against it.
;;0.5267;;tmc mp kalyan mamatabanerjee said that the chief minister supported gst in their election manifesto in 2016, ensuring full compensation to states under the tax regime.
;;0.0;;the purpose of gst was to curtail inflation that has been done to a large extent, kalyan mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.296;;artists and common people should join hands to resist attempts to divide the society, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said in a public meeting in birbhum district on thursday.
;;0.0;;they are trying to erase the culture of bengal, a combative mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;addressing the rallies, mamatabanerjee said that it is not the culture of people of bengal to chant a single persons name.
;;0.0;;alleging that prime minister narendra modi was trying to do politics over cyclone fani, mamatabanerjee said if you (modi) think you will politicise it (cyclone) you must remember that i too understand politics.
;;0.1027;;criticising modi for pointing fingers at former prime minister rajiv gandhi, mamatabanerjee said that he should have shown respect for a departed leader.
;;-0.3089;;i couldnt have taken this step without public support, chief minister mamatabanerjee , who is also in charge of the health department, said in her long reply to the debate.
;;-0.0258;;surprising the house, mamatabanerjee said similar regulations would soon be introduced to stop private schools, colleges and universities from charging excessive fee and donation from students.
;;-0.2263;;it was useless, mamatabanerjee told cpi(m) legislators who claimed that the new bill was nothing but a rehashed version of the old one.
;;0.6369;;echoing an allegation often aired by aam aadmi party chief and delhi cm, arvind kejriwal, mamatabanerjee claimed that the constitution will be fundamentally changed by the bjp if it wins and there will be no more lok sabha elections.
;;0.6249;;accusing the party of splurging to woo voters, mamatabanerjee said, if they offer you something, take it.
;;0.0;;in march, mamatabanerjee had said the election commission should convene an all-party meet amid allegations of tampering of evms in the assembly polls in uttar pradesh.
;;0.6486;;in a missive written to chief election commissioner sunil arora on her official letterhead, mamatabanerjee said the ec should ensure that sundays polling is held without the undue interference of the central government and any intervention by the ruling party at the centre.
;;-0.4767;;questioning the impartiality of the ec, mamatabanerjee said the state has seen a number of illegal, unconstitutional and biased decision during the election process because of the influence of the central government and the ruling party (bjp) at the centre.
;;0.0;;but narendra modi cant run the government, mamatabanerjee said after an administrative meeting at the town hall.
;;-0.6486;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee told a private bengali television channel on friday evening that a group of people have hatched a plan to assassinate her and that supari killers (professional assassins) have been hired for the job.
;;-0.128;;also read: ec cites fear psychosis, curtails bengal campaign; mamatabanerjee says unethicalsitting mp abhishek mamatabanerjee , who is considered the number two in the tmc, is seeking re-election from the diamond harbour seat, where he is pitted against bjps nilanjan roy.
;;-0.2023;;a west bengal lawmaker has capped at rs 250 the consultation charge for doctors in his constituency, the controversial move comes a week after chief minister mamatabanerjee announced a crackdown on private hospitals for alleged overcharging.
;;0.2263;;west bengal chief mamatabanerjee said that she was surprised by the comments.
;;0.25;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday said three new districts will be created in the state - kalimpong, asansol and jhargram.
;;-0.7964;;chief minister mamatabanerjee said on friday that she does not believe netaji subhas chandra bose died in the controversial air crash in taihoku in august 1945 and that the secret files in russia could shed some light on the mystery behind the leaders disappearance.
;;-0.296;;on the secret files in russia, mamatabanerjee said, i have no idea whether the prime minister took up the issue with the russian authorities during his recent visit.
;;0.3291;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has said she would be happy to see bjp patriarch lk advani as the next president of india but would not mind if union minister sushma swaraj or lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan became the countrys first citizen.
;;-0.0258;;refusing to accept the results to the uttar pradesh elections, mamatabanerjee said: there is something fishy with the final numbers.
;;-0.7003;;at a time when a number of trinamool mps and ministers are facing a probe by the cbi over the narada scam, mamatabanerjee said she made a mistake by sending industrialist kd singh to the rajya sabha and announced that bengal police was probing a chit fund owned by singh.
;;0.0;;alleging that the sting operation was the brainchild of bjp, congress and cpi(m) leaders, mamatabanerjee said: i saw a photograph of kd singh with former chief minister buddhadeb bhattacharjee.
;;0.4019;;said pratap mamatabanerjee , general secretary of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) state unit.
;;0.0;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has also asked the state police not to comply with the centres notification.
