;;-0.4312;;cm mamatabanerjee banerjeedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: on a day when the state government announced a series of measures to prevent untoward incidents at government hospitals, chief minister mamatabanerjee criticized the rising number of cases of physical assault on doctors and stressed on the need for a compassion-based relation between the doctors and patients' kin replying to a question raised by the leader of opposition, abdul mannan, in the assembly, mamatabanerjee said, we can do a lot of things by imposing law and force but that will not solve the problem.
;;0.296;;they have all expressed their solidarity, said mamatabanerjee , pointing out how the narendra modi government has been misusing the cbi for political reasons.
;;-0.5423;;some even tried to set fire to a modi effigy but mamatabanerjee told her officers to stop them.
;;-0.128;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee said on saturday that the west bengal government had not invoked the essential services maintenance act (esma) even after five days of strike by the junior doctors and appealed to them to immediately rejoin service.
;;-0.3603;;on the mass resignation of the doctors across the state, mamatabanerjee said it was not legally tenable.
;;0.6705;;we have decided to build a house for her once she gets well, chief minister mamatabanerjee said at a public meeting at gangarampur on wednesday, a day after she met the survivor in the critical care unit.
;;0.0;;we will try and address them, mamatabanerjee told reporters here after a meeting with trinamool congress (tmc) mlas and senior functionaries.
;;0.4939;;persons who give the right information will be rewarded, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.2732;;this is because they must have a certain understanding with the bjp, mamatabanerjee said addressing the assembly.
;;0.6597;;our party organisers should be trained about the vvpat machines, mamatabanerjee said, urging party leaders to form a team in each district that will monitor voter verifiable paper audit trail (vvpat) machines.
;;0.3818;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said ration cards should be divided into two categories based on purpose - those availing benefits of the pds system and those who are using it for as a document for identity.
;;0.0;;there are people who do not use ration cards for the rationing system but are still keeping it thinking of using them in case there is any enquiry in future, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.7096;;accusing the central agencies of trying to intimidate tmc mlas and leaders, mamatabanerjee said they are calling tmc leaders every other day with the sole intention to threaten and intimidate them.
;;0.1531;;read morekolkata: calling upon the teaching community to be on guard against any attempt to change the constitution and history of the country, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday said they will be the main force in the battle to save our heritage.
;;0.0772;;the worry among the trinamool top brass became all too apparent when the partys diamond harbour mp abhishek mamatabanerjee told a poll rally at bata more that a vote for das means a vote for abhishek mamatabanerjee and mamatabanerjee banerjee.
;;-0.4767;;the democratic system of our country is crying, yet the judiciary is not coming to its aid, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said in a statement issued by the trinamool congress.
;;0.5423;;kolkata: a scheme launched by the west bengal government earlier this year will benefit around two lakh differently-abled people, chief minister mamatabanerjee said on monday.
;;0.0;;in an interview to a private television channel, also available on facebook, mamatabanerjee said, i have been repeatedly told by police to change my home.
;;0.4215;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has announced cash support for her state's farmers from the new year mamatabanerjee timed her bounty for farmers and land labourers to stay ahead of the modi government, which is set to make some big announcements for the farm lobby after bjp burnt its fingers in the three recent assembly polls.
;;0.7845;;kolkata: niti aayog has shifted the meeting of its governing council by a day to june 17, days after west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said she wouldnt be going to the meet because it was called on eid-ul-fitr, when the state celebrates the festival.
;;0.3818;;tmc chief mamatabanerjee said the centre must ensure that political vendetta and agencies do not demoralise industrialists.
;;0.5659;;but joining some other party won't save anyone from corruption probe, mamatabanerjee said at an internal meeting of party councillors from across the state.
;;-0.0572;;we don't want such leaders and workers, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;referring to legislator sunil singh, who joined the bjp on monday, mamatabanerjee said it was a misjudgement on the part of the tmc to have given him a ticket for noapara assembly bypoll last year, overlooking the candidature of manju basu , wife of slain tmc leader bikash basu.
;;0.2411;;i requested that genuine indian citizens should not face any hardship, mamatabanerjee told reporters after her nearly 30-minute interaction with shah.
;;-0.0772;;a few hours later, chief minister mamatabanerjee told the assembly that this years dengue toll in the state was 17 and the number of those affected was around 10,000.
;;0.1779;;the idea struck mandal after trinamool chief mamatabanerjee announced that her party wouldnt come in the way of the bjp rath yatra .
;;0.0;;describing her meeting with the prime minister as fruitful, mamatabanerjee told reporters that renaming west bengal has been her government's prime agenda.
;;0.0516;;kolkata: determined to shore up the healthcare facility in the state, mamatabanerjee on monday said the state won't deter from recruiting doctors from outside if those in the state refuse to work in districts.
;;0.0;;after a high-level meeting with senior health officials, mamatabanerjee said serving doctors appearing for the md/ms entrance test will get weightage if they have served in remote districts.
;;0.432;;despite her apparent lack of information, mamatabanerjee had said on thursday night there were other ways to handle such situations and police ought to have been more careful.
;;-0.765;;while west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee claimed that 14 tmc supporters were killed in the violence, the state unit of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) alleged that its 52 supporters were killed.
;;0.0;;i will raise my voice, mamatabanerjee said at a public meeting in bankura's patrasayar.
;;0.7184;;at a meeting held at state secretariat nabanna on monday evening, west bengal cm mamatabanerjee told a team of 31 junior doctors, (please withdraw your strike like good boys), which they agreed to.
;;-0.0772;;we have to see to it that such untoward incidents are averted and action is taken if something happens, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee asked me to check on the units selling unsafe packaged drinking water.
;;0.0;;noor, the nephew of former union minister and congress leader aba ghani khan choudhury and a lawyer in her late 30s, is likely to contest from malda north as a tmc candidate, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;noor, the niece of former union minister and congress leader aba ghani khan choudhury and a lawyer in her late thirties, is likely to contest from malda north on a tmc ticket, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.4404;;the cm has made a request to stop the vip culture from chaturthikolkata: a day after chief minister mamatabanerjee asked durga puja committees including her own ministers who organise mega-budget pujas to do away with vip gates, several leading committees felt the administration needed to re-look into the matter as it would have serious implication on crowd management and may also lead to monetary loss.
;;0.9081;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee , who has been leading the opposition bid to stitch together a federal front, said on twitter: we have great respect for the verdict of the hon'ble supreme court.
;;0.4404;;instead, i will get set for another freedom struggle, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;pointing to the shape of the economy, mamatabanerjee said: the centre cant give us food, jobs.
;;-0.4215;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has already announced compensation, promised a job for kin and team of ministers and mp are visiting tomorrow with her message to the family of afrazul (46) who was brutally killed two days back in rajsamand of rajasthan allegedly in case of love jihad.
;;0.0;;we will oppose it tooth and nail, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.1027;;although the rajya sabha tmc mps in the rajya sabha staged a walkout during voting on the bill, mamatabanerjee said it did not mean that the party facilitated the passage of the bill.
;;0.2144;;since the prime minister has made a request, i will discuss the issue again with leaders of our party, but there is little scope to reconsider our stand, mamatabanerjee told reporters in hoogly.
;;-0.4585;;we don't want the upa government to fall, but at the same time we cannot support this proposal for entry of fdi in retail, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.4404;;mamata banerjeekolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said the bengal government would not implement the motor vehicles act (amended), 2019, as it was too harsh.
;;0.296;;at the programme, mamatabanerjee announced a rs 15 crore package for popularising the mahesh ratha yatra and construction of an eco tourism park in the town.
;;0.6124;;i am proud to say that only in the last six months, we have already prepared a detail project report of 8000 crore, mamatabanerjee told reporters on saturday.
;;0.4215;;only on friday, the centre approved rs 2000 crore for setting up new super-speciality hospitals in backward districts, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.296;;as her convoy drove down rajarhat's main arterial road from the airport, mamatabanerjee suddenly asked it to stop to take a look at the water bodies.
;;0.3182;;while taking a look at a huge 300-acre water body, mamatabanerjee said that the spot could be properly developed into an eco-tourism park where many people would get jobs.
;;0.0;;close to 50 women and children who are part of our puja will dance to our theme song sung by anupam roy, said sandipan mamatabanerjee , convenor of behala natun dal.
;;-0.872;;read morekolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday during a programme of indian national trinamool trade union congress (inttuc) at the indoor stadium said that six people have died in the state only out of phobia for nrc, fearing what will happen if the national register of citizens is implemented here.
;;0.0;;we are in touch and are working together against the bjp, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.1779;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee has asked the higher education department to form an umbrella committee that will adopt different colleges and universities and keep them updated with the latest syllabus and teaching modules, following the st xaviers model.
;;-0.497;;when asked about a delay in payment by ugc, mamatabanerjee said: they are not giving money but issuing weird directives every day.
;;0.1027;;amid bjps cry over the state repeatedly denying landing rights to yogis helicopter since sunday, chief minister mamatabanerjee said from her dharna manch in the citys metro channel, we signed an agreement with a helicopter company sometime in january to hire its choppers for our party.
;;0.0;;before the karnataka elections, mamatabanerjee had asked jd(s) to go for a pre-poll alliance with congress.
;;0.0;;mamata mamatabanerjee (file photo)new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has asked karnataka's hd kumaraswamy to hold his ground and not give in to the efforts of the bjp, sources said on thursday.
;;0.0572;;a senior tmc leader, who was present at the earlier core committee meeting, said mamatabanerjee told them not to be complacent.
;;0.0;;kolkata: four years ago, also on a february morning, chief minister mamatabanerjee had asked her personal aide ratan mukherjee to remove her belongings from a 181 south avenue apartment that had doubled as her delhi address.
;;0.0;;if the entire plot is handed over in december, we will have to start work after that, said indrani mamatabanerjee , cpro, metro railway.
;;0.0516;;kolkata: peace on her lips, chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday announced that 46 political prisoners will be released from jail.
;;0.0;;instead of going with the report given by the state on the issue, the centre placed a report of its own in parliament, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.6908;;so one should not try to term someone a terrorist on the basis of his or her religion, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.34;;howrah/kolkata: foreign direct investment (fdi) in the retail sector will not be allowed in bengal, chief minister mamatabanerjee said on monday, hours after her party mps joined hands with dmk to oppose the move in parliament and step up pressure on the government to reverse its decision to allow 51  fdi in multi-brand retail and up to 100  in single-brand retail.
;;0.0;;another 14 new colleges have been set up, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.2023;;we have to bring bengali forward, mamatabanerjee told a trinamool gathering in kanchrapara, which has a significant population of non-bengali speaking people.
;;0.6387;;say it sweetly here even though you may have to say it a little more strongly once you return to your campus), bengal cm mamatabanerjee told a team of 31 junior doctors, who represented their community, at a meeting in nabanna on monday evening.
;;0.4588;;we have to see to it that such untoward incidents are averted and strong action is taken if something happens, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.4767;;urged by the junior doctors to visit paribaha mukhopadhyay, the doctor whose skull had been dented in the attack last monday, and visit the nrs campus, mamatabanerjee said: kichhu jinish amader opor chhere dao.
;;-0.1531;;with the threat of flood looming over malda, burdwan, hooghly and howrah, chief minister mamatabanerjee said at writers' buildings that the state is in touch with the centre on the situation for rescue work.
;;0.0;;discussions are on with the district magistrates on steps to provide shelter to people who might be rendered homeless, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.4019;;we can also take help of ju, cu and besu in this endeavour, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;we are also planning a rabindra complex in the surroundings of nandan and rabindra sadan, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;we have already decided that from now on, all historical programmes will be organised in town hall, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;apparently referring to sarma, mamatabanerjee had said on monday that she had enough evidence against the assam deputy chief minister in the case.
;;0.0;;addressing the media after the cabinet meeting, chief minister mamatabanerjee said, after this revolutionary decision, people would not have to go to the blro office for mutation.
;;0.3412;;i am never scared, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.4939;;there is an environment of fear all around, mamatabanerjee further claimed.
;;0.0;;back in bengal, mamatabanerjee said, they are sending letters (centres letters on official schemes) to every home.
;;0.4939;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said care should be taken of the children as they are the future of our society.
;;-0.4953;;kolkata: on a day when cm mamatabanerjee said she has been left heart-broken by the death of a youngster who was deprived of a brain implant at the bangur institute of neurology and psychiatry since his parents couldnt bribe an employee, police on thursday found inside hand in the case.
;;0.4939;;there has to be an end to this and, hence, my satyagraha to save the constitution, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;all issues would be up for discussion, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.2263;;kolkata: as chief minister mamatabanerjee announced on saturday that a whole lot of health projects would come up with central funds in 11 backward districts of the state, leaders of gorkha janmukti morcha, after a meeting with the cm and senior state government officials in kolkata, demanded that darjeeling be listed as a backward district.
;;-0.1779;;insisting that it had stifled the spirit of constitution and federalism, mamatabanerjee had claimed that the cbi knocked on the doors of kumar without a search warrant.
;;-0.5106;;west bengal cm mamatabanerjee (toi photo)kolkata: iterating that the centre must ensure no genuine indians are left out of the nrc , west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on sunday said she was shocked to find out that one lakh people of the gorkha community have been excluded from the list.
;;-0.5719;;as more and more information is coming in, we are shocked to see that names of more than 1 lakh gorkha people have been excluded from the list, mamatabanerjee said in a statement issued by the trinamool congress (tmc) leadership.
;;0.0;;the circular in question was issued to identify schools having 70  students from the minority community so that funds for construction of dining halls in these institutions can be sourced from the minority affairs and madrassa education departments, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.5499;;but the corpus available for the project is inadequate, which is why the government is trying to pool funds from various departments, including the madrassa education and backward classes welfare departments, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.4767;;image used for representational purposedownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee said in the assembly on wednesday her government would recruit more than 33,000 people to fill posts lying vacant after retirement of a number of employees.
;;-0.6369;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: more than 10,000 people have been affected with dengue of which 17 people have died, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said in the state assembly.
;;-0.5423;;i fail to understand why they are after rajeev kumar mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.6249;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday said that demonetisation was a disaster for the country on its second anniversary.
;;0.0;;the pm is likely to confirm the date soon, mamatabanerjee said after the meeting.
;;0.0;;replying to questions from the media, mamatabanerjee said, have not spoken about nrc with the pm.
;;-0.4168;;talking about the meeting, which lasted about 30 minutes, mamatabanerjee said the discussion was not political but focused on developmental issues of the state, even as they spoke a little on the political situation in general.
;;0.0;;if the home minister gives me time, i will meet him tomorrow, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.5423;;a section of the kmc water supply department conceded that the initiative was being taken to tackle water scarcity after chief minister mamatabanerjee asked new mayor firhad hakim to ensure adequate supply of filtered water to these areas.
;;0.34;;im deeply concerned to learn that two public sector banks headquartered in kolkata are being merged with banks headquartered in delhi and chennai respectively without any consultation with the state government or with the management of these two banks, mamatabanerjee said in her letter to modi.
;;0.0;;but everybody rushed to get a space near the dais when chief minister mamatabanerjee announced that it was bihari babu shatrughan sinhas turn to address the gathering.
;;0.4019;;chief minister mamatabanerjee said a special research wing has been formed to study the evolution of vector in general with a focus on mosquito.
;;0.4019;;it'll help us take appropriate remedial measures to control vector borne diseases, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.4767;;we all have to fight together to ensure that they are defeated, mamatabanerjee , the last speaker, said.
;;-0.1027;;co/suivmqmlre  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1567837872000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday said the isro scientists worked hard for chandrayaan-2 mission and the nation is with them.
;;0.4939;;mamata mamatabanerjee at the meeting on fridaykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday announced a 150  increase in grants  from rs 10,000 to rs 25,000  to durga puja committees this year, in a move thats expected to cost the state exchequer rs 70 crore, up from last years rs 42 crore.
;;-0.1531;;on friday, mamatabanerjee said durga puja spreads the spirit of inclusiveness, and people of the state should not give any space to powers and ideas that are trying to trigger conflict between communities and vitiate the atmosphere.
;;0.25;;promising all help to the bereaved crpf families in bengal, mamatabanerjee said: everyone should sit together and take a serious decision.
;;0.3182;;co/o34oxht58h  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1564363860000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday said her government has been taking steps to increase the population of tigers in the state.
;;0.5574;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday claimed moral victory over the supreme court order and called off her 70-hour satyagraha in the evening in the presence of tdp chief chandrababu naidu.
;;0.0;;this dharna is a victory for the constitution and democracy; so, let us end it today, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.5949;;we are so grateful and obliged to the supreme court, said mamatabanerjee , who appeared tense and seemed to be under pressure while sitting on the dais before the order went out at 11am.
;;0.4019;;one man government, one party government is there, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.128;;referring to central government data that put west bengal at the top of the states with highest gdp growth, mamatabanerjee said unemployment in the state has dipped by 45 per cent under her rule.
;;0.0478;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said the interim budget has absolutely no value as the term of the nda government would end soon.
;;0.0;;before election a vote-on-account is placed, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.5719;;cm mamatabanerjee , who visited the affected areas and met the displaced residents, said a huge disaster had been averted by the timely evacuation of residents.
;;-0.2263;;co/p3jjqdyx0i  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1567391700000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on monday said she was sad to see that the values endorsed by india's founding fathers were being undermined on this day in 1946, the interim government of undivided india was formed, which functioned till august 1947.
;;0.5267;;making the announcement, mamatabanerjee said, we have taken a brave decision in the cabinet today .
;;0.3252;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday said vocational training would be made a part of the school curriculum so that students don't have to waste a year to get that training for a job.
;;0.0;;the bench belongs to the calcutta high court, mamatabanerjee had said on friday.
;;0.6597;;(ani)kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said on tuesday that the india and bangladesh governments should resolve the long-standing issue of sharing waters of the atreyee river, the lifeline of south dinajpur district.
;;-0.25;;last friday, soon after the last body was brought out of the hospital, mamatabanerjee had announced that the licence of the hospital would be cancelled.
;;0.4939;;there has to be an end to this and, hence, my satyagraha to save the constitution, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.5574;;describing the move as, mamatabanerjee said the state will seek a review by the supreme court, if needed.
;;0.5267;;the government will extend whatever help it requires, said chief minster mamatabanerjee , who attended the thursday function along with the president.
;;0.5659;;but joining some other party won't save anyone from corruption probe, mamatabanerjee said at an internal meeting of party councillors from across the state.
;;-0.0572;;we don't want such leaders and workers, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;referring to legislator sunil singh, who joined the bjp on monday, mamatabanerjee said it was a misjudgement on the part of the tmc to have given him a ticket for noapara assembly bypoll last year, overlooking the candidature of manju basu , wife of slain tmc leader bikash basu.
;;-0.6597;;mamata mamatabanerjee (file photo)new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday said the arrest of p chidambaram was depressing and alleged that the judiciary was not coming to the help of a crying democratic system.
;;0.0;;kolkata: handle situations with tact instead of firearms and lathis, chief minister mamatabanerjee told the men in uniform during the ceremonial parade of kolkata police at jadavpur's kishore bharati stadium on tuesday.
;;-0.6597;;new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday said the arrest of p chidambaram was depressing and alleged that the judiciary was not coming to the help of a crying democratic system.
;;0.0534;;what we are getting from the statement of the four senior judges of supreme court about the affairs of the court makes us really sad as citizens, mamatabanerjee said in a statement.
;;0.0;;bjp leaders have shifted into top-gear mode to break the ruling trinamools near-monopoly in bengal soon after chief minister mamatabanerjee announced taking the anti-modi opposition dharna from kolkata to delhi on february 13 and 14.
;;-0.6124;;but they are seeing a larger conspiracy in all of them, mamatabanerjee said in a bid to consolidate the opposition bloc days after congress president rahul gandhi tweeted in defence of the cm after cbi approached the kolkata police commissioner at his home.
;;0.0;;(ani)kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday announced that from now on the investors meet - bengal global business summit (bgbs) - will be held every two years.
;;0.0;;so from now on we would organize bgbs every two years, mamatabanerjee said on the floor of the state assembly.
;;-0.4767;;earlier on wednesday afternoon, during an administrative review meeting in digha, chief minister mamatabanerjee said: very often, it is being noticed that one driver has caused an accident, while another person is surrendering before police.
;;0.0;;i said we will provide the land, mamatabanerjee said after the meeting.
;;0.0;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee said she wanted a skywalk near the kalighat temple and asked chief secretary malay de to carry out a feasibility study.
;;-0.4767;;i feel ashamed, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;responding to the syndicate barb, mamatabanerjee said: he himself runs a syndicate of agencies.
;;-0.0258;;taking a hard stance against the citizenship (amendment) bill, mamatabanerjee said: they want us to pass the citizenship bill.
;;-0.5267;;i have requested him to see to it that they are included in the nrc as they are in distress, mamatabanerjee told reporters after meeting shah.
;;0.3612;;the home minister has assured me that he will look into it, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.1531;;asked if there was any talk on implementation of nrc in west bengal, mamatabanerjee said no such discussion took place but it was her position that such an initiative was not required in the state.
;;0.0;;so, meeting the home minister is necessary, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.5423;;asked about a letter to the pm by rajya sabha member swapan dasgupta expressing concerns about attending the inauguration of the worlds second largest coal block in birbhum, mamatabanerjee said, rehabilitation facilities have been worked out for people affected by the project.
;;0.0258;;gurap (hooghly): chief minister mamatabanerjee has asked police to prevent display of arms during ram navami processions on march 25.
;;0.0;;speaking at the administrative meeting in hooghlys gurap on tuesday, mamatabanerjee said: i would ask police inspectors to keep a list of local clubs, ngos, temples, mosques and churches in the area and keep in touch with them.
;;-0.5106;;i dont know why this department is failing deadlines, mamatabanerjee said after trinamool mp kalyan bandyopadhyay pointed out that pwd has recently issued tender for construction of a road when the decision was taken in the administrative meeting in 2016.
;;0.4767;;paying her respects to the former prime minister, bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said that the nation should work together to keep the diversity of the country intact.
;;0.0;;the bjp is trying to indulge in horse-trading, mamatabanerjee said at the assembly premises.
;;-0.3612;;fighting for democracy, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.765;;expressing her grief over the accident, mamatabanerjee announced a compensation of rs 1 lakh for those with serious injuries and rs 50,000 for passengers with minor injuries.
;;0.3919;;but 'paschimbanga' was accepted for the sake of political unanimity, mamatabanerjee said, adding that the name had been proposed by congress.
;;0.7845;;since we have reached a decision on the basis of unanimous opinion, there is little scope for controversy now, mamatabanerjee said, adding she appreciated the efforts of a friendly english daily to campaign for a new name for the state.
;;0.3182;;it will strengthen the morale of our officials, mamatabanerjee said in kolkata.
;;0.0258;;writing in reply to the letter by parliamentary affairs minister prahlad joshi, mamatabanerjee has said the matter of one country, one election required consultations with experts.
;;-0.4215;;hitting back, mamatabanerjee said:i do not need a character certificate from semi-literate people who peddle half-truths and lies.
;;0.5719;;will they dare do this in mumbai, where ganapati is worshipped with the same fanfare, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.6908;;new delhi: west bengal cm mamatabanerjee on thursday said aam aadmi party is willing to have an alliance with congress in delhi for the lok sabha polls and it is now up to the two parties to decide whether they want to jointly take on bjp.
;;0.6908;;responding to a question at an interaction here on thursday on congress being pitted against regional parties, mamatabanerjee said, people are intelligent.
;;0.4019;;following a meeting of opposition parties on wednesday at ncp leader sharad pawar's residence to stitch up a pre-poll alliance, mamatabanerjee said the alliance in west bengal and delhi had not been decided yet.
;;-0.3818;;responding to a question in the assembly, mamatabanerjee said the centre was restricting works under the rural job scheme.
;;0.0;;this is what the cm tried to convey in the assembly yesterday, rajib mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.34;;a day after modi said that some people become alarmed whenever they hear om chant, mamatabanerjee said: suddenly, you are teaching us religion as if we dont observe eid, durga puja, muharram and chhath puja.
;;0.6115;;chief minister mamatabanerjee said: we are very happy.
;;-0.886;;cm mamatabanerjee , who visited the injured at the hospitals, announced a compensation of rs 5 lakh to the kin of the dead, rs 1 lakh for the seriously injured and rs 50,000 for those with other injuries.
;;-0.4019;;we demand no taxation on durga puja and the organisers, mamatabanerjee had said earlier.
;;0.5574;;the kmc authorities were asked to make a blueprint for providing filtered water to residents living in ground water zones after chief minister mamatabanerjee had asked hakim to adopt extensive projects to provide safe drinking water to kolkatans.
;;0.0;;alleging that evms in the recently held lok sabha elections were programmed, mamatabanerjee also said that ballot papers should be brought back for conducting polls.
;;0.0;;at the brigade rally, trinamool chief mamatabanerjee will announce the launch of yuva, to be headed by her nephew abhishek mamatabanerjee who has been designated its all-india president.
;;0.8591;;chief minister mamatabanerjee , who presided over the awards ceremony at the police function, said more residents of panchanantala would be rewarded for their rescue act.
;;0.0772;;throwing the gauntlet at the pm, cm mamatabanerjee said: i challenge modi to an open debate.
;;0.0;;addressing a poll meeting convened by tdp at gvmcs stadium, one-town, in vizag city on sunday evening, mamatabanerjee said andhra pradesh cm n chandrababu naidu can do a lot in delhi.
;;0.4767;;he will be valuable for serving the country, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;speaking to the crowd in hindi, mamatabanerjee said: this is election of all elections.
;;0.0;;on the oppositions potential prime ministerial candidate, mamatabanerjee said: who will become the prime minister will be decided after the elections.
;;0.0516;;i feel everyone will come forward, keeping aside their petty interests, to collectively vote against the modi government, mamatabanerjee told reporters earlier at nscbi airport in kolkata.
;;0.765;;i convey my heartfelt condolences to members of his family, friends and followers, mamatabanerjee said in a statement.
;;0.0;;mamata banerjeekolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said the state will set up kanyashree colleges in all the districts, along with the kanyashree university.
;;-0.3612;;swaraj said when she was the leader of opposition, mamatabanerjee had told her about an incident where hands of some people had been severed because they voted for trinamool congress (tmc).
;;0.34;;the government is also engaging private practitioners in government hospitals for two to three hours, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.34;;for this, they may even arrest me, mamatabanerjee told a press conference.
;;0.0;;he is the fountainhead of corruption, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.3716;;mocking modis hard stance on ponzi scamsters and their protectors, mamatabanerjee said: he (modi) has been playing this trick on the eve of polls.
;;0.0;;all from rbi to cbi are saying bye bye to him, mamatabanerjee said in kolkata minutes after modi concluded his public speech in jalpaiguri on friday.
;;-0.2732;;calling modis claim a hoax, mamatabanerjee said: the centre didnt spend any money for setting up the circuit bench.
;;-0.2732;;claiming that the bill has little precedence except in manipur, chief minister mamatabanerjee said in the assembly that her government was in the process of preparing a compensation scheme in which the family of the victim would receive at least rs 5 lakh and even a job.
;;-0.1695;;(pti)kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday said the tmc government in the state will not allow implementation of the nrc in the state.
;;0.0;;i have not come to discuss about the nrc in west bengal, i have come to discuss about the nrc in assam, mamatabanerjee said after the meeting.
;;0.6908;;kolkata: paying homage to dr b r ambedkar for giving shape to india's constitution, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said monday that it was the responsibility of every citizen to protect the spirit of the holy book.
;;-0.1761;;banerjee, who was the chief patron at the club's centenary celebrations here, took the occasion to give it back to the meghalaya governor, a former president of the state bharatiya janata party after listening to this, i have felt very ashamed, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;there is difference between people of west bengal and east bengal, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;describing the occasion as historic, mamatabanerjee said the centenary year programmes would continue for a year.
;;0.0772;;kolkata: former kolkata mayor sovan chatterjee , who joined the bjp earlier this month, has expressed desire to quit the saffron fold for being regularly humiliated, his close associate baishakhi mamatabanerjee claimed on saturday.
;;0.5106;;whenever the country is in a problem, whenever there is a need for social enlightenment, these prominent personalities come to the fore and inspire people, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;whatever they have said today, i have been saying it for a long time, mamatabanerjee told reporters.
;;0.5719;;stressing that everyone should show respect to each other irrespective of their religious identity, mamatabanerjee said, we must respect everybody irrespective of their religion.
;;-0.4215;;unhappy with the fund utilisation, the chief minister mamatabanerjee has asked the finance department to call back the unutilised fund around rs 2,300 crore and spend it through other departments such as panchayat and public works.
;;0.3252;;at nabanna, mamatabanerjee said names of 22 lakh hindus featured in assams nrc and the bengal government would offer land rights to residents of refugee colonies so that they do not feel insecure.
;;0.0;;boxmy birthday not in january: didimamata mamatabanerjee said on monday: my birthday is not in january, as mentioned in official records.
;;0.0;;sources said mamatabanerjee asked her karnataka counterpart to hold his ground and not give in to the efforts of bjp.
;;0.5719;;co/kh3mgmfbxb  mamatabanerjee (@mamataofficial) 1568428200000kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday said that her government is committed to the welfare of the peasants and also to promote industry in the state.
;;0.0;;this record will also form a part of your performance assessment, mamatabanerjee said at the administrative meeting in purulia on wednesday.
;;-0.8114;;victims of the 2002 riots have not got justice, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;responding to the syndicate barb, mamatabanerjee said: he himself runs a syndicate of agencies.
;;0.4588;;teaching such emerging subjects will benefit students, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0258;;in a letter to the prahlad joshi, the parliamentary affairs minister, mamatabanerjee has said that the matter requires consultations with experts.
;;0.0;;speaking on the occasion, chief minister mamatabanerjee said, we have 31 universities in the state and another 10 universities are in the pipeline.
;;0.6597;;addressing party mlas at the party headquarters trinamool bhavan , mamatabanerjee asked district leaders not to frequent kolkata and ordered the legislators to form four-member teams in every area to remain abreast of developments.
;;0.7351;;wishing citizens on the occasion of international day of democracy, mamatabanerjee asked people to take a pledge to safeguard the constitutional values envisaged by the founding fathers of the nation.
;;0.6705;;in may, during lok sabha election campaign, mamatabanerjee said she felt like giving one tight slap of democracy to pm modi.
;;0.7018;;i do not disrespect any slogan, but respect every religion too, chief minister mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.1027;;in fact, the total vision is derailed, mamatabanerjee said on twitter.
;;0.0;;with bjp insisting on it to weed out bangladeshi infiltrators from eating into the states resources, mamatabanerjee told the state assembly that nrc was nothing but political vendetta.
;;0.4215;;this is a satyagraha and i'll continue till the country is saved, mamatabanerjee told reporters who accompanied her at the place of dharna.
;;-0.6908;;those who had murdered gandhiji are now proudly claiming to have fought the battle of independence of the country, mamatabanerjee said.
;;-0.5267;;there was a time in the country when one state used to come forward when another one was in distress, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;referring to the revoking of article 370 in jammu and kashmir without convening an all-party meet, mamatabanerjee said, we could have given our opinions.
;;0.4939;;there has to be an end to this and, hence, my satyagraha to save the constitution, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee had announced the formation of tda on june 1 with a rs 5-crore fund.
;;-0.2023;;the controversy regarding the benchs inauguration started in august 2018 when the high court stalled the launch process even after chief minister mamatabanerjee formally announced it.
;;0.0;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee told reporters on sunday that trinamool congress will soon name decide later whether to field a candidate for the sixth rajya sabha seat in the state, triggering speculation about which way she will tilt.
;;0.9531;;kolkata: christmas is a festival of peace, love and humanity which works as a unifying factor for people of all religions bringing them together to partake in the festivities, chief minister mamatabanerjee said after inaugurating the eighth edition of kolkata christmas festival at allen park on friday evening.
;;0.0;;referring to the relations between india and bangladesh , mamatabanerjee said: dui desher samparke onek jol gariyeche.
;;0.0;;over and above, mamatabanerjee announced that her government had sanctioned another tranche of rs 85 crore for tribal development, adding to the previous release of rs 185 crore, including pension for collectors of kendu leaves aged above 60.
;;-0.8176;;they were killed like the labourer from malda who was killed in rajasthan, mamatabanerjee said, trying to insulate the 82 assembly seats reserved for sc/st where bjp has already made a dent.
;;0.0;;puja committees, mamatabanerjee said, survive on public donations and corporate sponsorship.
;;-0.1695;;west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on friday said the tmc government in the state will not allow implementation of the nrc in the state.
;;0.4585;;speaking on the occasion of international mother language day, mamatabanerjee said: we have been taught in our childhood not to hate anyone.
;;-0.2732;;while advocating unity in diversity, mamatabanerjee further said: they are distorting history.
;;-0.6124;;accusing centre of political vendetta, mamatabanerjee said: suddenly all political leaders are thieves.
;;-0.1531;;download the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi/kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee said while tuesday was the anniversary of the emergency imposed in 1975, the country was going through super emergency for the past five years.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee announced this at a meeting at kotshila in purulia, 38 km from jharkhand, on tuesday.
;;0.25;;the government will guarantee 200 days work for him even as the average performance in this district is 44, mamatabanerjee said, training her guns on bjp-ruled states.
;;0.0;;we have set up two multi-specialty hospitals, recognised the adivasi language and set up kurmi development and culture board for adivasi welfare, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;kolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee has asked union finance minister arun jaitley to withdraw the proposed financial resolution and deposit insurance bill, 2017.
;;0.8689;;banerjee wrote that the proposed bill would compromise the financial security and safety of common people on four counts: it would forcibly convert their deposits into equity shares of the bank; it could change the nature of the deposits from one class to another, leading to a change in interest rates or deposit tenures; it could impose a stay on the right to withdraw deposits before maturity; if the centre wants, it can impose a moratorium on payment of interest and repayment of depositsin her 2-page letter, mamatabanerjee said the bill would take away the savings of common people entrusted to banks.
;;0.6486;;addressing multi-service operators (msos) and cable operators on friday, chief minister mamatabanerjee asked them to clean up the act and clear up the city.
;;0.0;;digha: the beach town of digha will get a world-class international convention centre within two months, chief minister mamatabanerjee said at the administrative meeting in east midnapore on thursday.
;;0.2732;;later, inaugurating the kolkata book fair, mamatabanerjee said sarcastically, that she too might be questioned for earning crores from the paintings of the calendar designed by her and released at the fair.
;;0.5994;;criticising the centres policy, mamatabanerjee said: the officers of all india/central services have been working in the government with sincerity and accountability and maintaining secrecy, where the paramount interest of the nation remains supreme.
;;0.34;;during the meeting to end the impasse, mamatabanerjee asked police to appoint nodal officers for security of doctors at all government hospitals in the state.
;;0.7506;;west bengal cm mamatabanerjee banerjeekolkata: describing her scheduled meeting with prime minister narendra modi on wednesday in new delhi as a courtesy one, west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday said she would highlight various issues like funds that are due to the state during her talk with the pm.
;;0.5719;;talking to reporters at city airport before leaving for the national capital, mamatabanerjee said she would also raise matters like changing name of west bengal as well merger of public sector banks during the meeting.
;;-0.3412;;amid hype surrounding the one-on-one meeting between the two leaders, not on good terms since recent general election, mamatabanerjee said her visit to the national capital was part of the routine work.
;;0.0;;they (employees of these organisations) cannot go anywhere and come to us, mamatabanerjee said before leaving for new delhi.
;;0.4019;;mamata mamatabanerjee said the parties would forge pre-poll alliances and added rahul had been given the responsibility of drafting the cmp.
;;0.0;;chief minister mamatabanerjee has asked the administration in these districts to beef up surveillance on such businesses.
;;-0.4767;;the protest came a day after chief minister mamatabanerjee told tmc councillors that she had received complaints of party members seeking bribe even from beneficiaries of the 'samabyathi' scheme in which a one-time payment of rs 2,000 is given to poor people for performing the last rites of a family member.
;;0.0;;return the money if any of you have taken it, mamatabanerjee had said.
;;0.8558;;on wednesday, mamatabanerjee said, she (swaraj) had earned respect from all irrespective of party followers she was an honest person who won our heart i am very sad.
;;0.4767;;they should have shown minimum respect to him, mamatabanerjee said.
;;0.0;;kolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on tuesday asked health officials and hospital administrators to check the feasibility of conducting campus interviews to recruit doctors for government health services.
;;0.5574;;the kmc authorities were asked to make a blueprint to provide filtered water to residents living in ground water zones after chief minister mamatabanerjee asked hakim to adopt extensive projects to provide safe drinking water to kolkata residents.
;;0.34;;mamata mamatabanerjee at a programme to felicitate doctors at sskm hospital on mondaydownload the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: chief minister mamatabanerjee on doctors day announced a slew of measures to reach out to medics with incentives and patients with new facilities.
;;0.0;;another 150 rooms are being added, mamatabanerjee said at a programme held at sskm to felicitate renowned doctors in the state.
;;0.8316;;bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee said that she was happy with the results of the students from madhyamik board and state hs council, as they have done excellently.
;;0.4939;;this story is from november 14, 2018cm mamatabanerjee (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said care should be taken of the children as they are the future of our society.
;;0.4939;;kmc chairperson mala roy heaved a sigh of relief because she had already fixed the filing of nomination on wednesday, days after chief minister mamatabanerjee announced firhads name as mayor-elect and nominated atin ghosh as deputy mayor, after mayor sovan chatterjee put in his papers.
;;0.0;;kolkata: the west bengal government has allocated over rs 1,000 crore for the welfare of tea garden workers in the state since 2011, chief minister mamatabanerjee said on saturday.
;;-0.0772;;i appeal to all political parties in the opposition to work closely together against atrocities, economic calamity and political instability, said west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee * it is unfortunate.
;;0.0;;a rs 7,000-crore housing project proposal is coming in the area, said chief minister mamatabanerjee at nabanna on wednesday.
;;-0.34;;saying that she doesn't let such information bother her, mamatabanerjee said she has already planned for any eventuality.
;;-0.0516;;(with inputs from agencies)new delhi: west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday said that her government is willing to accept all the demands of the agitating doctors and requested them to rejoin services as the stir entered its fifth day.
;;-0.6908;;calling the assault on a junior doctor at a kolkata hospital an unfortunate incident, mamatabanerjee said that her government is committed towards resuming normal services in the state at the earliest.
